 Video smuggled out of North Korea. Children begging, army starving. More evidence of famine within the secretive State.  In Zurich, tram operators can change traffic lights in their favor with a touch of a button and make cars wait for them.  Just one way Europe is making driving less convenient to encourage mass transit, cycling and walking. French president says postFukushima abandonment of nuclear 'makes no sense' as he announces push for new technology. The melted nuclear fuel is sinking toward water under the ground...underground barrier needed  TEPCO says wait. Serengeti Highway Canned Victory for Animals! Journalist Robert Fisk faces libel action for pointing out BahrainSaudi alliance 'The German Government Will Pay Up'  Leading German economist Stefan Homburg argues that eurozone members should not bail out Greece, who is making a profit from the crisis and explains why he himself is buying Greek bonds. I believe in the boundless stupidity of the German government.  Fantastic photos from the German invasion of Poland and the Winter War Please Hacker Don't Hurt Us The Media's Coverage 
Of LulzSec Has Been Cowardly and Pathetic Google chairman warns of censorship after Arab Spring The use of the web by Arab democracy movements could lead to some states cracking down harder on internet freedoms, Google's chairman says. Flotilla will be allowed to unload cargo at port of ElArish in Egypt, where it will be checked and then transferred to Gaza via land. 4 top Khmer Rouge leaders face trial for first time  Charges include genocide & 'crimes against humanity' over deaths of up to 2,000,000 Cambodians under Pol Pot's regime, 197579 Bill Gates puts his money to work in the developing world TEPCO halts cooling water circulation due to leaks in the 4kmlong pipe system. NHK TV also reported that TEPCO started the system without checking it for leaks first  it only ran for 90 minutes. Bolivia moves to end dependence on foreign seed firms Bolivian President Evo Morales, has signed a new law which aims to ensure food security for his country.  Enter the dragon 'to save the euro It is in the interest of cashrich China to help resolve the eurozone debt crisis, but Chinese premier Wen Jiabao, who is visiting Britain and Continental Europe, will want a share of the Wests buying power in return Arab kings How to keep your crown  The kings of Morocco and Jordan have made some shrewd preemptive moves  Saudi Arabian Torment Of Migrant Workers  I worked from 5am to 1am, almost every day. I got up to make the children breakfast, got them ready to go to school, cleaned the house all day, and in the evening my employers would go out and come back at midnight and want dinner After sustaining a 10cm long open chest wound while trimming her horses mane, Swedens emergency response services refused to send an ambulance, suggesting the 11yrold girl take aspirin instead French banks agree to defer Greek loans  ICC (International Criminal Court) issues Gadhafi arrest warrant  Activists Israeli pressuring Greece to stall Gaza flotilla Peru revokes licence of Canadian mining firm Bear Creek Russia to privatize state airline Aeroflot  Russia will sell almost its entire stake in the stateowned airline Aeroflot as part of a national programme to get the government out of business, a senior official said Monday. Greek unions urge huge antiausterity strike turnout  Air traffic, buses, trains, postal services and hospitals are all expected to be hit, while police in Athens were also preparing to handle big demonstrations in Syntagma Square. UK government forgives Goldman Sachs $15.6 million (10M pounds) in interest when Goldman Sachs' tax avoidance scheme failed. German officials admit using spyware on citizens, as Big Brother scandal grows France said on Wednesday it was tightening immigration rules to require wouldbe citizens to provide written proof that they speak enough French to manage their daily lives. BP to risk worst ever oil spill in wildliferich British waters off Shetland Islands  Internal report warns of ecological disaster if new well bursts. BP is making contingency plans to fight the largest oil spill in history, as it prepares to drill over 4,000 feet down Iran agents 'planned US terror attacks' New Zealand Arrests Stricken Oil Ships Captain   I want answers, said Prime Minister John Key. Every year around the world there are ships that get into grief, but not ones that plow into an extremely well documented reef in very calm waters at high speed as this one did. Israel, Hamas reach Gilad Shalit prisoner exchange deal Child sacrifice a thriving business for Ugandan witch doctors.  The killing of Saudi ambassador in the US would have ensured the Middle East went up in flames. Former CIA agent Robert Baer thinks This stinks to holy hell. The Quds Force are very good. They don't sit down with people they don't know and make a plot... US Officials concede gaps in U.S. knowledge of Iran plot
| Reuters

 Liberals Are Losing the Battle for Egypt's Future 'Honor killing' targets Turkey's LGBTs Australian Carbon Tax Law Passed WikiLeaks Richard Branson funded a plot to overthrown Robert Mugabe BBC News  Uncovering the business of child sacrifice in Uganda Opponent of Georgian president is stripped of citizenship in runup to election A senior Indian lawyer has been beaten up in his chambers during a live TV interview, in an attack he says was provoked by his stance on Kashmir. Ignoring China, India inks oil exploration pact with Vietnam Thousands rally in support of Syria's Assad  Tens of thousands take to streets of Damascus in solidarity with Syrian president, chanting slogans against US and EU. China again sends another 20 North Koreans back to NK for certain torture or death rather than sending to SK Ukraine May Soon Have Pariah Status Like Belarus  Europe and the United States have blasted the Tuesday verdict that sentenced former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko to seven years in prison, saying the trial was politically motivated. Bangladesh has unveiled a domestically made laptop which officials claim is one of the cheapest in the world. EUprostitutes may work in Sweden  The Swedish police cannot continue to deport prostitutes from other EU countries. This was stated by the Migration court today. Cracks are appearing in a container ship stuck on a reef off a New Zealand holiday spot, as weather forecasts worsen fears that the vessel may break up and spill more fuel and containers carrying toxic materials into the sea.
 Oil Spill  New Zealand Fears Ship Breaking Up  Containers from the ship, which hit a reef a week ago, began falling into the sea today, while cracks are appearing in the vessel. The captain has been charged with 'operating a vessel in a manner causing unnecessary danger or risk' Arrest Bush when he visits B.C., Amnesty tells Ottawa   The rights body says both Canadian and international law oblige Canada to detain Bush and investigate him for war crimes and torture. New Zealand Oil Spill In Pictures  It's the country's worst ever maritime environmental disaster Usedcar salesman as Iran proxy? Why Iran assassination plot doesn't add up for experts. Chinese artist Ai Weiwei is named the most powerful person in the art world by an arts magazine  China complains about political bias.  'Food insecurity' comes to London  Shoppers at London's Spitalfields market are in for a shock when food prices rocket by up to 800 per cent as part of a British Red Cross campaign highlighting the cost of living in developing countries. North Korea has threatened war against South Korea over balloons drifting over the nations' border that contain leaflets denouncing Kim Jongil's regime.
 19 people arrested in Poland in connection with Anders Breivik mass killing in Norway Bomb explodes at Londonderry City, Northern Ireland Radiation spikes in Tokyo neighborhood. An extraordinarily high level of radiation was detected in one spot in a central Tokyo residential district Thursday, prompting the local government to cordon off the small area. 6.2 earthquake hits off the coast of Bali, Indonesia MEXICO CITY  Mexico's Defense Department says troops have captured the No. 3 figure in the Zetas drug cartel Tremors in the ground beneath an Icelandic volcano could be the first warning signs of a longawaited eruption that would have the potential to dwarf the chaos caused by Eyjafjallajokul last year, experts say. Germany ready to impose financial transaction tax  Germany is prepared to introduce a tax on financial market transactions on its own if it is unable to bring its European partners on board, according to Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble. Kurds take their struggle online Many accuse the Turkish Prime Minister of doublespeak on Palestinians' rights versus Turkey's own Kurdish issues. US signs free trade deals with South Korea, Panama, Colombia.  The Guardian Unearths a Wall Street Journal Scandal  BBC News  Children Trafficked for Juju. Over the last four years, at least 400 African children have been abducted and trafficked to the UK BlackBerry users cut off for fourth day Egyptian military junta defends conduct  Public figures, infiltrators and even the Coptic Christian protesters themselves are blamed for Sunday's deadly riots Radiation hotspots not linked to Fukushima Japan's science minister announced Thursday that the radiation has been traced to material stored in a house Chinese national oil companies are now the biggest beneficiary of Iraq's oil resources, beating the oil majors.  Robert Fisk Democratic governments don't deal with terrorists  until they do Container with toxic chemical topples into ocean from crippled New Zealand ship Smuggled Libyan weapons flood into Egypt  The end of the peaceful revolution Bride kidnapping happens around the world, from China to Mexico to Russia to southern Africa. In each of these lands, there are communities where it is routine for young women and girls to be plucked from their families, raped and forced into marriage. BBC News  Police called after man takes picture of his own daughter in shopping centre At least 19 dead in Cairo after a peaceful Christian protest is attacked. Protest escalates into riots against military rule. Forcing someone to marry against their will could become a criminal offence under plans set out by UK Prime Minister David Cameron Nono said she never reported her abuse to police. She belongs to a silent majority of gay South African women who have been victimized by corrective rape, a controversial term describing the practice of straight men raping lesbians to correct their sexual orientation. Iran actress sentenced to one year in jail+90 lashes for her role in a movie... Europeans more worried about climate change than economic crisis Moscow gets its first official bike lanes. [with pictures] UK doctors are being told the antibiotic normally used to treat gonorrhoea is no longer effective because the sexually transmitted disease is now largely resistant to it. For her starring role in an Australian film shot in Tehran, Marzieh Vafamehr has been sentenced to a year in prison and 90 lashes North Korea's 'Hotel of Doom' to open 24 years after construction   U.N. Finds Systematic Torture in Afghanistan Egyptian political forces slam ruling military council for attack on Copts Afghanistan's intelligence agency and police force have been systematically torturing detainees including children at a number of jails, in breach of local and international laws New Zealand oil spill reaches shore as bad weather holds up response  
Tarballs appear on Bay of Plenty beaches as stricken freighter Rena  has made the water highly toxic.  Fears high that the containment ship is going to break apart. At least 31 people were killed across Syria in a series of shootings on Sunday Exclusive footage taken on an AlertNet visit to North Korea shows malnourished children in the countryside after a savage winter and summer floods worsen chronic food shortages Syria warns against recognising opposition  Foreign minister vows to take tough measures against any state that recognises newlyformed National Council. Egypt erupts in violence Egypt's military blames sectarian clashes for Cairo's recent violence. Everyone else blames the military. Hundreds of Indignants who marched from France, the Netherlands and Spain, defied a ban to occupy Brussels park to protest EUordered austerity measures Children to be banned from blowing up balloons, under EU safety rules Coptics Criticize Egypt Government Over Killings  France's Socialist Comeback?For years, the French left has been weak and disorganized. But Sunday's vote shows the party has a chance at beating Sarkozy. More than 30 killed in Syrian clashes; defector appeals for aid to oust Assad Women who violate headscarf law should be stripped of passports Iranian lawmaker UltraOrthodox Jews picket girls' school France forces TV ads to pipe down, new rules have been introduced as a response to complaints from viewers that TV ads are much louder than the programmes they are interrupting.
 Occupy Wall Street protests have now spread to Ireland Shareholder service advises ousting Rupert Murdoch, two sons and 10 other directors from NewsCorp board 98 of the FTSE 100 companies use tax havens German police find explosive devices on Berlin railway Japan will offer 10,000 foreigners free airfares to visit the country next year, in an attempt to boost the tourism industry  
			Six Adults and One Child in China  Even if we were to discount population projections going forward, the world is on the verge of a global demographic precipice  one in which the the increase in proportion of elderly far outweighs that of the increase in proportion of children British special forces have stormed an Italian ship hijacked by Somali pirates World's oldest working car sold for $4.6m Netanyahu seeks to legalize outposts built on private Palestinian land Coptic Christians in Egypt, already dealing with a massacre, are now contending with the staterun version of events, which has convinced many Egyptians that Christians were at least partially responsible for the violence. U.N. Finds Systematic Torture in Afghanistan UK Government lets Goldman Sachs off 10m tax bill after failed avoidance scheme. Italy to use military to guard merchant ships against pirates
 Ukraine judge rules exPM Tymoshenko exceeded powers  New Zealand oil leak gets 5 times worse US man faces 15 years in jail for insulting Thai monarchy
 Former Wall Street Journal Publisher to Testify Before British Parliament on News Corp Phone Hacking In Russia, a Demographic Crisis and Worries for Nation's Future  The country's plunging population crisis  low birth rates and high death rates  has serious implications for the future of the world's largest nation Egypt government denies report that cabinet resigned Drama grips French presidential primary   Antiglobalization candidate wins big in Socialist primary, upending France's presidential race  again. Egypt Antimilitary chants at protesters' funeral  Hungary seizes live weapons from Brad Pitt World War Z film  Electricians occupy Londons Oxford Street Rivers of Ice Amazing photos of disappearing glaciers in the Himalayas The U.S. is abandoning plans to keep U.S. troops in Iraq past a yearend withdrawal deadline...The decision to pull out fully by January [2012] will effectively end more than eight years of U.S. involvement in the Iraq war, despite ongoing concerns about its security forces and the potential for Wall Street Protests Hit Over 1,500 Cities Around World EU considering massive cuts to food aid for poor. The European Union is considering a roughly 75 percent cut in funding for a program that helps feed 18 million of its poorest citizens. The cuts...would come at a time of rising unemployment and consumer food prices in many parts of Europe. Thankyou cards from China pose mystery for WWII vets Germany will prosecute tax fraudsters using stolen data it bought about its citizens who secretly deposited assets in HSBC bank in Luxembourg Child Slaves Made Your Halloween Candy. Stop Buying It The connection between major candy bar manufacturers and child slavery is one of the world's bestkept secrets Protesters take antigreed message to world's streets  Demonstrators in cities across the globe turned out in force on Saturday to express their anger at the governments, banks and speculators they blame for the economic downturn.  Kenyan troops pursue alShabab into Somalia Truckloads of Kenyan troops have crossed border and are stationed about 100km inside Somalia, military source says. An anticapitalist protest in London's financial district has entered its second day, with some protesters camped outside St Paul's Cathedral. Tokyo's radiation hot spots traced back to radiumfilled bottles found under the floor of a nearby home Israel plans new settlement of 2,600 that will isolate Arab East Jerusalem Senegal Curbs a Bloody Rite for Girls and Women, over the past 15 years, the majority of villages where genital cutting was commonplace have now committed to stop. Mediterranean Shipping Co.,  charterer of the ship that's leaking oil & wreaking environmental havoc off New Zealand, pledges to help with cleanup cash, though it says it's not legally liable  Cost is expected to exceed the $12.1m liability cover  depending on how much more oil leaks  India vs. Pakistan On Water  Irrigation & hydroelectric projects in the Indus River Valley are draining the river's flow  One of the potentially catastrophic consequences of the fragile water balance is the effect on political tensions G20 tells euro zone to fix debt crisis in eight days UK One in seven nursing homes breaking the law on feeding patients Deadly clashes erupt in Yemen  Medics report at least 13 deaths as progovernment forces fire on protesters in the capital, Sanaa. UK Ministers to consider plans for a register of lobbyists Europe on the breadline Spanish activists show how politics could be run Room for one more? World population to reach 7 BILLION in next few days  Egypt's military rulers ban discrimination Measure comes a week after 26 people were killed in clashes involving minority Coptic Christian protesters and military. Arab League to Discuss Suspending Syria Bank of Canada head calls Occupy protests 'entirely constructive'  Hollande set to challenge Sarkozy in presidential vote London antibank protesters camp out at St Paul's 
Cathedral  Police told by church to move on Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff takes hard line on corruption, fires chief of staff and ministers 'People are making it clear in the streets and elsewhere that longtolerated sins such as bribery, graft and other acts of corruption are no longer tolerable.' Thousands of Tunisians marched through the capital Tunis Sunday in a show of support for a television station subjected to violence after airing a controversial film that offended Muslims.  Engstrom Todays copyright legislation is out balance, and out of tune with the times. It has turned the entire young generation into criminals in the eyes of the law, in a futile attempt at stopping the technological development. Yet file sharing has continued to grow exponentially. Police called after passengers stranded on plane or an entire day Occupy Wall Street returns to Canada Online Sex Education Parents' Porn Fears Exaggerated, Experts Say  St. Paul's Cathedral tells police to move along at Occupy LSX protest Arab League finally steps up, calls for Syria to end violence 

   

Qantas Admits Losing Child  Airline staff not only lost the boy's paperwork, but failed to even realize he was in their care  Top French cop arranged prostitutefilled orgies for Dominique StraussKahn Head of French Spy Agency arrested after allegedly spying on a journalist for Nicolas Sarkozy Calls to suspend Sri Lanka from Commonwealth As anticapitalism demonstrations sweep through Germany, activists have set up tentcities in Frankfurt and Hamburg, vowing to stay as long as they can. S.African hospital reports 'superbug' outbreak Israel tense as prisoner swap looms Gilad Shalit to be swapped Tuesday for a thousand Palestinian prisoners BBC News  Pc denies killing Ian Tomlinson at G20  A prominent organization of Indian Sunni clerics has urged Muslims to reject hardline Wahabi Islam, which it said was giving the community a bad name, and called for limiting the influence of Saudi Arabia. Senegal Curbs a Bloody Rite for Girls and Women Hermes calls on shareholders to protest at News Corp AGM Shareholder advisory service withdraws support for board members Rupert Murdoch, James Murdoch Kenya deploys troops in Somalia after kidnappings Outcry in China over hitandrun toddler left in street Russian spies using Canadian passports poses troubling threat  A court in Sweden has heard the case against a woman accused of sharing 45,000 music tracks online. Even in the home of The Pirate Bay the sheer scale is a recordbreaker, and the prosecution has already hinted at a jail sentence...










 Jordans King Abdullah has sacked Prime Minister Marouf alBakhit, a conservative former army general and asked International Court of Justice judge Awn Khasawneh to form a new government Hamas vows to try to kidnap more IDF soldiers
Meshal says Hamas won't stop kidnapping efforts until 'all of our prisoners in Israel are freed.' The Oslo terrorist attacks didn't change anything Norwegian police maintain their stance of not bearing arms Spanish cooperation buids a solar plant in Palestinia, provides electricity to 40 families of Emnaizel, a school and a medical center. Israel decides to demolish it in two weeks. A series of corruption scandals has shaken Austria. Entrepreneurs have allegedly received multimillion commissions for nonexistent services, and there are reports of cashstuffed plastic bags changing hands in Vienna's back alleys. The population is losing faith in the political establishment.  This Is What Millions Of Young People In China And India Are REALLY Thinking Third Iranian nuclear scientist shot dead, likely assassinated. Violent crime plunged in London after summer rioters were locked up in jail Reuters Wall Street sitin goes global Saturday Key shareholder group calls for Rupert Murdoch's eviction from News Corp board at annual meeting  Oil Spill Disaster on New Zealand Shoreline Salvage teams are racing to offload as much remaining oil as possible while cleanup crews are hard at work, coping with New Zealand's worst environmental disaster in decades [pic] 14 Shamans Murdered in Peru  Fourteen traditional healers have been brutally murdered in Peru in the past 20 months, allegedly at the urging of a local mayor; Protestant Sect Members Suspected; Irrecoverable Loss S. Korea Creating Task Force for U.S. Troop Crimes Free Syrian Army poses growing threat to Assad  Significant soldier defections have cast attention on the antiregime Free Syrian Army. But the fledgling rebel force is still far from being a match for the Syrian regular army.  Mexicans demand international human rights investigation UK Defence Secretary Fox resigns Head of India's poorest state (the shoe/statue lady) opens 10 million theme park EFF In conjunction with the Christian organization Mothers' Union, UK PM David Cameron enacts plan with major ISPs  BT, TalkTalk, Virgin, and Sky  to block access to pornography, gambling, selfharm, and other blacklisted websites Iceland's New Constitution China Issues Currency Warning to US Senate measure could seriously interfere with SinoUS economic relations. Norwegian extremist Anders Behring Breivik, who has confessed to twin attacks in July that killed 77 people, says there are up to 80 cells in Europe engaged in antiIslam crusades like his Syria uprising UN says protest death toll hits 3,000 Spain credit rating downgraded ahead of G20 meeting  Standard & Poor's has downgraded the eurozone's fourth largest economy by one notch Tokyo radiation hotspot 'not linked to Fukushima'  Elevated levels of radiation found in a residential area of Tokyo are almost certainly not connected to the stricken Fukushima nuclear plant, say officials. Financial loss after Fukushima disaster estimated at $74 billion
 Berlusconi survives a confidence vote, barely holding onto power UK Energy firms' profits per customer rise 733%, says Ofgem U.S. troops deploying to Central Africa to hunt down Lord's Resistance Army Jail Sentence for Pirate Bay CoFounder Made Final By Swedish Appeal Court At least 1,000 people are demonstrating in London's financial district as part of a worldwide protest against alleged corporate greed. Occupy Wall Street going Global, all the way to Argentina A Palestinian mayor explains how Israeli army starves his village of water Protesters storm Goldman Sachs office in Milan Occupy Wall Street protests spread to major cities around the world The Canadian Auto Workers endorsed Occupy Wall Street on Friday, giving a boost to the nascent Canadian movement as activists across the country prepare for their own demonstrations against corporate greed and inequality. U.N. Official Urges World to Stand Up for Syrians Rome protest against corporate greed turns violent,
Police fire tear gas as protesters riot.
 Unions are offering their support to the Canadian version of Occupy Wall Street CAW, Service Employees International Union, and the Communications, Energy and Paperworkers Union of Canada have all endorsed the movement and said some of their members will take to the streets on Saturday UN names journalism one of the most dangerous professions in the world BBC News  In pictures Worldwide protests over economic crisis IMF representative pelted with eggs Occupy Wall Street comes to Germanyaround 5,000 demonstrators marched through Frankfurt to the headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB), while almost 10,000 took to the streets of Berlin. Several thousand joined protests in Munich, Cologne and other cities.
 How Berlusconi survived once again The Italian PM is under siege. Today, he won yet another noconfidence vote. Here's how. Occupy Australia takes off  thousands in Melbourne and around the country Live in Rome 'Occupy' protest Egypts Military Rulers Expand Their Power, Raising Alarms
 Yemeni government loyalists kill 12 at protest rally in capital These photos are the closest look yet of the stricken ship off New Zealand  'There's an unnerving sound of steel ripping against steel.'  4,200 volunteers have registered & about 2,000 are involved in cleanup efforts.  The rest are being turned away.  Syrian forces kill leading activist in tribal east Yemen security forces fire on protesters; 12 dead and many more wounded Wall Street Journal Europe Doles Out Cash And Favors To Inflate Circulation Numbers At least 430 people, mainly children, have died from an outbreak of encephalitis in a deeply neglected region of India that borders Nepal  

The situation is grim & the epidemic is worse than previous years... there are no empty beds at the hospital. Occupy Wall Street Spreads Worldwide [pics] Twitter chief We will protect our users from Government, Twitter's chief, has stood by the companys decision not to suspend the service during the UK riots or disclose user identities to authorities.
 Interview with German Opposition Leader 'Commercial Banking Should Be Split From Investment Banking'  Occupy Italy Police raid homes after riots
 On 31 October, world population reaches 7 billion. The Atlantic bluefin is so depleted as to qualify as a threatened species last year 140% more bluefin tuna meat from the Mediterranean Sea continue  entered the market than was reported as caught Occupy Wall Streetstyle protest in Indonesia leads to closure of world's largest gold mine    Clashes between protesting Indonesians and security forces at USowned mine have also left four dead.
 Hamas frees Israel's Gilad Shalit in prisoner swap  UK Lobbying cleanup is delayed after lobbying 
              Egypts 1st PostRevolution Political Prisoner, Blogger Maikel Nabil Sanad May Die a Martyr. Imprisoned for criticizing the Military. On hunger strike,now refusing water. A Coptic Christian with controverisal views, he has received little attention from  activist & prorights groups in Egypt.

 There has been a fall of nearly 40% in the number of deaths from malaria worldwide in the past decade 'Zetas drugcartel boss' captured in Mexico  Al Jazeera English
 Spanish society has been shaken by allegations of the theft and trafficking of thousands of babies by nuns, priests and doctors, which started under Franco and continued up to the 1990s.
 BBC goes inside the besieged centre of Syrian resistance to secretly film what life is like, There's no electricity, water or communications. Chinese toddler's parents thank her rescuer, a rag picker and trash collector  Bureaucracy in Greece Defies Efforts to Cut It Stories of eyepopping waste and abuse of power among Greeces bureaucrats are legion, including officials who hire their wives, and managers who submit $38,000 bills for office curtains. 
 Ahmadinejad likens claims of Iranian assassination plot to Iraq WMD. Iranian president says US claims of Iranian involvement in an alleged plot to kill Saudi ambassador will prove false. Bail Us Out of Trouble? No Way, Say Greeks  
  It might seem crazy to protest a bailout meant to help your country out of its selfimposed mess, but, for many Greeks, there's more than just money at stake  Why so many in the broke country don't want the EU's help EU stem cell patent ban is 'unbelieveable setback', say researchers From traders to the homeless, protesters at the Occupy Sydney campaign in Martin Place say they have received more support from the public than expected 11year old tasered by RCMP for brandishing a pen.  'Paramilitaries' rise from Mexico's cartels  The gangs Mexico deserves, but not the ones it needs 'When AlShabaab militants called the Somali national womens basketball team captain, Suweys Ali Jama, and told her she had two options to be killed or to stop playing basketball, she decided that neither was really an option at all.' New vaccine 'to cut malaria risk by half'  Al Jazeera English
 Strikes cripple Greece in 'critical' week for eurozone  Greece has been waiting for two months for the next installment of its international aid  money it needs to remain solvent. But protests against measures needed to secure the tranche have plunged the country into chaos. We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria Shark massacre reported in Colombian waters Environmental authorities say up to 2,000 hammerhead, Galpagos and whale sharks were slaughtered for their fins
 Canada Supreme court rules that people cannot be held liable for how they use hyperlinks on websites French Court Orders ISPs to Block Access to Site That Allow[s] Civilians to Post Videos of Alleged Police Misconduct Switzerland sold arms and ammunition to longterm clients Egypt and Bahrain during the Arab spring protests, according to a report by Amnesty International. From South Africa, a faster and easier way to apply condoms Dalai Lama's prayers for Tibetans is 'terrorism in disguise', says China
 In the largest protest seen in decades, hundreds of thousands of citizens have thronged the centre of Athens and other cities on the first day of a 48hour general strike. Chvez opponent can run for president, but can't take office, says court  Venezuela's Supreme Court said that opposition leader Leopoldo Lpez can't take office, even if he beats Hugo Chvez in next year's presidential race, despite an international court ruling otherwise. Report Turkey launches incursion into Iraq  USATODAY.com China hails woman who rescued bleeding toddler left for dead Turkish forces are reported to have launched airstrikes and sent ground troops into northern Iraq, in pursuit of Kurdish PKK rebels who killed at least 26 Turkish soldiers.
 At least 21 Turkish soldiers have been killed in clashes with Kurdish rebels at several police and army posts in southeast Turkey 'New Stuxnet' worm targets companies in Europe Although the virus appears to have been spying on the systems it infiltrates  rather than attempting to vandalise them  experts say its code is so similar to the Stuxnet worm that attacked Iran, that it may have been engineered by the same people. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was due on Wednesday to push for closer exSoviet integration after the surprise announcement of a freetrade zone being created in the former communist bloc. Somali kidnappers say French woman dead As the Arctic sea ice nears record lows, the Northeast Passage opens up Japan says it needs to clear 2,419 square kilometres of radiationcontaminated landan area larger than greater Tokyo.  Researchers warn of new Stuxnet worm Kenyan and proSomali government forces claim to have captured a key alShabab base and killed 75 of its fighters. The disease killing Europe's plane trees
 Social network sites may be changing people's brains as well as their social life Kurdish rebels kill 24 Turkish soldiers   Telegraph Hanoi hotel's secret bunker used by antiwar activist  Jane Fonda found after 40 years, Bomb shelter uncovered by workmen at historic Metropole. Palestinian militants vow to abduct a 'new Gilad Shalit'
 Kurds Not Invited to AntiISIS Conference in London, Despite Leading the War against the Terrorist Organization King of Saudi Arabia Has Died At 90 France admits soldiers have deserted to ISIS, including exelite special forces and French foreign legionnaires Priest sentenced to 13 years in prison for pedophilia in Australia Americans Offer to Take 100 Lashes Each for Saudi Blogger Egyptian President AbdelFattah elSisi said Thursday that Muslims need to adapt their religious discourse to the present and eliminate elements of their rhetoric that could foster violence. Russia has accused Poland of engaging in a mockery of history after the Polish foreign minister credited Ukrainian soldiers, rather than the Soviet Red Army, with liberating Auschwitz 70 years ago Obama declines meeting with Netanyahu Australian David Hicks, former Guantanamo Bay detainee who was tortured for five years, is innocent, United States government tells lawyer US officials thank Australia for helping kill 6000 Islamic State fighters including half its commanders China is cracking down on VPNs After censorship system Upgrade Paris Announces Plan to Promote Secular Values Thousands of protesters have gathered outside Argentina's government palace in Buenos Aires, demanding a full investigation into the death of a prosecutor who was looking into allegations against the country's President. Yemeni Government Collapses as President and Prime Minister Resign Scientists move doomsday clock closer to midnight France sees as many antiMuslim acts in Jan as all of 2014 Portugal, which expelled Jews in 1536, are offering descendants of the local Sephardi community the right of return Edward Snowden Frances 'Intrusive' Surveillance Laws Failed to Stop Paris Attacks Japan pledges $100m to rebuild Gaza. Peshmerga forces captured several villages around Mosul from ISIS and shelled the city center for the first time NATO says detects signs of increased Russian involvement in eastern Ukraine Doomsday clock reaches 3 minutes to midnight. Only other instances of it getting this far were 1984 during the peak of the Coldwar, and 1949 when the Soviet Union tested it's first atomic bomb. U.S. officials say 6,000 ISIS fighters killed in battles Russian Artists Ask Medvedev to Allow Swearing in Films Again CNN No truce with Ukraine, rebel leader says ISIS Suffers Heaviest Defeat in Iraq in a Single Day Separatists have taken over Donetsk Airport, killing dozens of Ukrainian troops. Such a loss would mark Ukraines most significant and bloodiest tragedy since the battle for Illovaisk in August 2014, in which hundreds of Ukrainian troops were killed. Statue of Irish sea god Manannn Mac Lir stolen in Derry, Northern Ireland. Wooden cross and a note saying 'You shall have no other gods before me' left in its place Methfilled drone crashes in Mexican border town Secret negotiations were held to reach a deal in which Argentina would receive oil form Iran in exchange for shielding Iranian officials from charges that they orchestrated the bombing of a Jewish community center. Lead prosecutor found dead Sunday. Swedish envoy to Turkey Criticizing ISIL does not equal Islamophobia Lawyers ask Prince Andrew to respond under oath about claims of sex with 17yearold girl | Lawyers acting for the woman who alleges she was forced by a billionaire financier to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was 17 are formally requesting that he respond to her accusations under oath. Were running out of chocolate. Dry weather in West Africa and a nasty fungal disease have wiped out between 30 percent and 40 percent of global cocoa production. The gap between supply and demand is set to reach 1 million metric tons by 2020. Italian Police Discover Biggest Ever Antiquity Collection  It's the biggest recovery in history, in terms of the quality & quantity. In fact, the size of the recovery is almost unprecedented. British Soldier accused of Raping 6 year old girl Group finds that punishments in U.S. ally Saudi Arabia nearly identical to those prescribed by U.S. enemy ISIS Norway Doctors defy new circumcision law Chinese President Xi Jinping gives government officials pay raise, his own pay rising 62% A network of antiISIS commando cells has carried out hundreds of guerrilla attacks in Mosul, a city seized by the Islamist militants, Iraq's vice president told NBC News. Oil export losses to reach $300 billion in Middle East White House Criticizes Netanyahu for Visiting Without Obama Invite Hamas calls on Hezbollah to unite fight against Israel 43 of 50 of this year's most dangerous cities in the world in Latin America, 19 in Brazil UN Nearly 100 Drug Users Died in Crimea After Russia Closed Methadone Program Ten Israeli tourists wounded in hourslong antiSemitic attack in Argentina Kim Dotcom releases Skype competitor MegaChat, but EU official backs plan to make firms hand over encryption keys Former Miss Turkey arrested for criticizing President Erdogan online ISIS gaining ground in Yemen, competing with al Qaeda For five years Greece has been like a patient slowly bleeding Dead Dogs Found Across Russia After PupPoisoning Campaign After animal rights activists sounded the alarm over what was expected to be a nationwide campaign by dog hunters to poison stray dogs, reports have flooded in of dead dogs turning up in various cities London's cheapest suburb is Barcelona. City worker causes a stir by proving it's cheaper to live in Spain and fly in to work in London every morning. 'Prison clearly does not work' Fresh from jail, the economist and author of Prisonomics explains why the system costs too much, locks up the wrong people and does not prevent reoffending REPORT NSA May Have Spied On The Vatican During The Papal Conclave Canadians Seek Dick Cheney's Arrest For War Crimes During Upcoming Visit A recordequalling 188 countries on Tuesday condemned the fivedecadeold US embargo against communist Cuba in an annual UN General Assembly Embattled NSA chief Keith Alexander rejects calls to limit agency's power | World news Even with Europe in an uproar over intrusive United States surveillance, its leaders are looking for ways to slow down legislation aimed at preventing violations of privacy at home. Spain colluded in NSA spying on its citizens, Spanish newspaper reports A second solar system has been detected that's very similar to our own. 7 planets with similar orbits and day/night cycles similar to Earth, Venus and Mercury. Israel 'destroying peace process' with new housing What did my grandmother do wrong?Nabila Rehman was picking vegetables from her family garden last year when missiles from a US drone rained down from the sky, killing her grandmother and injuring her and seven other children. Adobe says data for 38 million customers compromised U.S. officials French and Spanish newspapers suggesting that the NSA had vacuumed up French and Spanish telephone records incorrect. NSA didnt collect the data  the intelligence services of those countries did. A Japanese rulingparty panel will recommend the breakup of Tokyo Electric Power Co. (Tepco) after shortcomings in the firm's handling of cleanup operations at its crippled Fukushima nuclear plant. Roman eagle found by archaeologists in City of London the 1,800yearold sculpture of the imperial symbol is regarded as one of the best pieces of RomanoBritish art ever found Egyptian police arrested a 20yearold student following a report submitted by the university's administration saying he had formed a group for atheists on Facebook. Egypt's penal code says anyone convicted of offending religion in any form can face up to 6 years in prison. A town in Norway on Wednesday began beaming light down from giant mirrors installed on the surrounding hills, bringing it winter sunlight for the first time in its history US food aid programme criticised as 'corporate welfare' for grain giants U.N. Confirms an Outbreak of Polio in Syria Egyptian Arrested for the Crime of Forming a Facebook Group for Atheists Bitcoin cashes in as its first ATM opens in Vancouver | Technology Polio ReEmerges in Syria and Israel, Threatening Europe Second Solar System detected. The most extensive planetary system to date arranged similar to the eight planets in the Solar System Franois Hollande becomes most unpopular French president ever Edward Snowden A 'Hero' In UK, But Americans Are More Divided (POLL) NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide, Snowden documents say The NSA has secretly broken into the main communications links that connect Yahoo and Google data centers around the world, according to documents obtained from former NSA contractor Snowden.. Yahoo & Google outraged at new reports of NSA hacking their data centers. Google We are outraged at the lengths to which the government seems to have gone to intercept data from our private fiber networks, and it underscores the need for urgent reform. Catalonia to become first Spanish region to ban circus acts with live animals We are not scared of the cartels. They have guns but we have guns, too. And we are many, says Ramon Diaz. Mexican vigilante groups are not taking the cartel violence lying down Most Canadians See Edward Snowden As A Hero, Poll Suggests Toronto Police Chief Bill Blair Confirms That They Have the Alleged Mayor Rob Ford Crack Video Revealed NSA pushed 9/11 as key 'sound bite' to justify surveillance Google chief legal officer, David Drummond, responds to reports of NSA tapping into Google data centers abroad We are outraged at the lengths to which the government seems to have gone to intercept data from our private fiber networks, and it underscores the need for urgent reform. National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden will begin working Friday for one of the largest Russian websites Outrage Over NSA Spying Spreads to Asia Murdochs News of the World Editors Admit to PhoneHacking  3 sr editors of Murdochs defunct 'News of the World' plead guilty to hacking into phone messages of politicians, royals, crime victims & movie stars. Admissions prove for 1st time that hacking was at the heart of media empire. Former Brazilian footballer's head left on doorstep Ahead of the Sochi Olympics in February, Russia is taking saliva samples from religiously conservative Muslim women, gathering DNA so authorities can identify the body parts if any become suicide bombers. Queen of England enacts state oversight of media Mayor of London defends Guardian over NSA revelations. Lavabit And Silent Circle Join Forces To Make All Email SurveillanceProof Woman dodges rocks & Molotov cocktails to protect Peru's ancient sites  Its real estate market is exploding to the point fake titles are being sold to protected sites, leading people to build homes & entire neighborhoods atop ancient ruins. Getting behind the wheel is something so mundane, but take that away and, especially for someone that has driven their whole life, like me, you feel like youve lost your independence. More and more women are fighting for the right to drive in Saudi Arabia. Reports huge blast 'destroys Syrian air defence base' at Latakia Taking Stock Why Bankers Still Aren't Chastened Bankers have gone from being global elites to universally despised villains. Recent headlines suggest authorities are finally cracking down on illicit practices  but the truth is very different. Panorama said the recorded Vatican phone calls were catalogued by the NSA in four categories  leadership intentions, threats to the financial system, foreign policy objectives and human rights. Switzerland is the worst place in the world for expats to make friends, according to a comprehensive survey. Report says U.S. tapped cardinals phones ahead of conclave Japan's Coastal Hunts not Sustainable  Pursuit of whales, dolphins & porpoises (over a million killed in Japanese waters in past 70 yrs) should be phased out, says new report. It's the biggest coastal hunt of its kind in the world. 2013 catch limits allowed slaughter of 16,655 small cetaceans. China Blames Terror Attack in Tiananmen Square on People From Muslim Region Matt TaibbiLIBOR Banking Scandal Deepens; Barclays Releases Damning Email, Implicates British Government Large majority of Brits oppose extradition of Richard O'Dwyer to the US (he's the student the Americans want to charge with copyright offences) Finland would consider leaving the eurozone rather than paying the debts of other countries in the currency bloc, Finnish Finance Minister Jutta Urpilainen said in a newspaper interview on Friday [6 July 2012]. Aftermath of The Pirate Bay trial  Peter Sunde's plea, in his own words 'A few days ago, Peter Brokep Sunde  the former media spokesperson of The Pirate Bay  sent a formal plea for pardon to the Swedish Administration.' Big pharma is cut out by India's plan to bring medicine to masses. Switzerland has suspended all arms exports to the United Arab Emirates following reports that Swissmanufactured hand grenades had shown up in Syria
 China thwarts major childtrafficking rings  Government says police break up two massive childtrafficking gangs, arresting 802 suspects and saving 181 children.  Sri Lankan facing death in Saudi for worshipping buddha statue !! Fake cigarette causes 4 hour motorway closure whilst antiterrorist police do their thing An Egyptian university student was fatally stabbed as his girlfriend looked on after three suspected Islamic militants confronted the couple in a park and told them they should not be together if they are not married. London 2012 even Beijing didn't put an army on the gates India to give free generic drugs to hundreds of millions. Moscow Warns West of Big War in Syria Humpback whales to gain Panama Canal traffic protection The LIBOR scandal  The rotten heart of finance UK Serious Fraud Office (SFO) launches Libor investigation A 40pg document cherrypicked from 22 million emails is the only information the FBI believes should be made available to Kim Dotcom before his extradition hearing Crown lawyer John Pike argued that there was no need for Dotcom to have access because he was not being tried in New Zealand Chinas unexpected cut in interest rates  the second in less than a month  suggests that the worlds secondbiggest economy is in worse shape than it appears and the government is getting worried about growth prospects ahead of the release of key economic data next week.  The TPP ACTA Resurfaces in New Trade Talks with South East Asia, Oceania and South America. Negotiations are Happening Now! Explainer Why the LIBOR scandal is a bigger deal than JPMorgan France confirms defection of Syrian general  A highlevel military official close to Syrian President Bashar alAssad is heading to Paris after defecting to Turkey, as delegates from some 100 nations meet in the French capital to seek an end to the crisis in Syria.  Mystery illness killing Cambodian kids Rate rigging probe escalates into Germany
 Mexican Student Movement Says Election Rife With Irregularities  An antiPRI mega march is being announced for Saturday in Mexico City via online forums & flyers handed out in the street  CNN's Richard Quest Guilty bankers should clean toilets Jordanian MP pulls a gun on a critic during live TV debate Chernobyl's radioactive trees and the forest fire risk Franois Hollande keeps election promise of raising taxes for wealthiest British democracy in terminal decline Corporate power, unrepresentative politicians and apathetic voters leave UK 'increasingly unstable', says study 15 Killed in Pakistan by U.S. Drones  Israeli officials say a UN factfinding mission will not be allowed to enter the country and its occupied territories. On Friday, the Genevabased Human Rights Council appointed three officers to probe Israels West Bank settlement activity. New Zealand Police Investigated over MegaUploads Founder Arrest Declassified FBI documents implicate PM Netanyahu in a 1970s plot to use U.S. technology for Israels nuclear program. More Irish women seeking help for British abortions Ireland's abortion ban means women with severe pregnancy complications are going abroad for terminations
 'Blasphemer' dragged from police station and beaten to death by mob in rural Pakistan. Nuclear weapons are the only peacekeeping weapons that the world has ever known. It would be strange for me to advocate for their abolition, as they have made wars all but impossible. Kids and laughing teachers bullied suicide teen in Japan. Teachers reportedly laughed as bullies tried to choke the victim. At Least 99 Dead in Russian Storms, Crude Oil Shipments Halted  Russian officials say the death toll from flooding in the southern Krasnodarsky Krai region has risen to 99 after two days of torrential rain pounded the region.  Three of Moroccos most prominent conservative clerics have publicly backed a death threat against a journalist who called for greater sexual freedom in the North African kingdom. The rotten heart of finance A scandal over key interest rates is about to go global US orders Iran to pay for 1983 Lebanon attack  Bob Diamond would have known about Libor rigging, claims whistleblower Reports from China claim a sealed bronze wine vessel discovered in a tomb in Shaanxi province contains liquid wine  The tomb dates to the Zhou Dynasty (1046 to 771 B.C.), & contained 6 vessels. The container in question has not been opened. [Archaeology xpost] Debt crisis Finland warns of euro exit rather than pay debts of others Romania parliament votes to impeach president Egypts new president orders formation of committee to investigate killings of protesters 'Lost' penguins turn up on Rio's beaches The top security adviser for Mexico's next president said Friday that he is recommending the creation of elite units of police and troops who will target not just major drug traffickers but also lowerlevel cartel hitmen as a way of swiftly reducing violence. Extradition deadline passes for WikiLeaks' Assange Syria's fighting spills into Lebanon, five killed VICTORY! ACTA Suffers Final, Humiliating Defeat In European Parliament  Falkvinge on Infopolicy Chimpanzees in South Africa Won't be Killed After Mauling American, 
 Because They Were Defending Their Territory Against a Trespasser, Authorities Say IKEA cutting down primeval forests in Russia ACTA killed MEPs destroy treaty with 478 votes against, 39 in favor; Many stood up holding banners Hello democracy! Goodbye ACTA! LHC claims new particle discovery! CERN Presents findings about Higgs Boson live! France increases by 7 billion euros their taxes on rich, big firms Every day some 3,000 Indian children die from illnesses related to malnutrition, and yet countless heaps of rodentinfested wheat and rice are rotting in fields across the north of their own country. Same poison used to murder Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko found on late Yasser Arafat's clothing Scientists (high levels of) Radioactive polonium210 found on Yasser Arafat's toothbrush, clothes Police Thousands of Pakistanis kill man, burn corpse after accusing him of desecrating Quran Cuba confirms cholera outbreak Rise in sea level can't be stopped Reports of gift card payments feed growing accusations of votebuying in Mexicos election. Thousands of people rushed to stores to redeem prepaid gift cards they said were given to them previously by the party that won Mexicos presidency  Pakistan mob burns man to death for 
'blasphemy' Cameron's plan to block Greek immigration would break EU law Palestinians ready to exhume Arafat body after scientists find polonium on his toothbrush, clothes  World News United Arab Emirates seeks to recruit 3000 Colombian soldiers Tests suggest Arafat died of polonium poisoning Brazilian figher jets shatter Supreme Court building (VIDEO) BBC News  Acta Controversial antipiracy agreement rejected by EU ACTA Controversial antipiracy agreement rejected by EU This was posted by another user on monday Scottish team develops 'nutritional pizzas but it didn't get much attention. A better description World's first completely nutritionally balanced pizzas Just over two weeks after Nicolas Sarkozy lost the immunity from prosecution which he had enjoyed as president, police have searched his home and offices in Paris. France slaps 7 bln euros in taxes on rich and big firms
| Reuters Banks across the world fixed interest rates in runup to the financial crisis, says former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond RBS is about to be fined $233 million for its role in the Liborrigging scandal. The bank is 82 per cent owned by the taxpayer and is said to have no power to claw back bonuses from the traders responsible. So the bank is fined for robbing taxpayers via Libor, and the fine is paid by the taxpayer. WikiLeaks releases Syria Files, almost 2.5 mln emails to be published The data is more than 8 times the size of Cablegate. Documents said to be 'embarrassing to Syria, but it is also embarrassing to Syrias opponents' Germans want dope legalized, bestiality banned
 China Says No More Shark Fin Soup at State Banquets  NYTimes.com LIBOR Banking Scandal Deepens; Barclays Releases Damning Email, Implicates British Government | Matt Taibbi | Rolling Stone Volkswagen acquires Porsche for 3.6bn and avoids paying taxes due to loophole Bee stings killed as many in UK as terrorists, says watchdog. A Growing Vatican Bank Scandal Threatens Catholic Church Image  The core mission of the 'Institute for Works of Religion' (IOR) seems to be the laundering of money for God and others, providing anonymous banking for tax dodgers, political slush funds, and the mafia FIFA approves goalline technology. Mexico's PresidentElect Wants a 'Broad Debate' About Drug Policy It is quite clear that after several years of this fight against drug trafficking, we have more drug consumption, drug use and drug trafficking. That means we are not moving in the right direction. Things are not working. India to provide free generic drugs UK Pensioner Could Face Arrest For Atheist Poster 'John Richards was advised that putting up a poster at his home denouncing religions as 'fairy stories' could be an offence under the Public Order Act.' Israeli reporter who exposed military secrets avoids jail Mexico Recounting Over Half Presidential Vote  Feeding suspicion of largescale votebuying were 1,000s of people rushing to grocery stores this week to redeem prepaid gift cards. Some tell reporters they were told to turn in a photocopy of their voter ID card  to get the gift cards. S. Korea to start 'scientific' whaling  Iran Demands $4 Bln From Russia Over Canceled Missile Deal Report Top Syrian officer, a close friend of Assad, defects and flees to Turkey  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Iran has threatened to destroy U.S. military bases across the Middle East and target Israel within minutes of being attacked 'Britain's Atlantis' found at bottom of North sea  a huge undersea kingdom swamped by a tsunami 5,500 years ago Syria files Wikileaks releases 2m 'embarrassing' emails UN Human Rights Council passes Internet freedom resolution South Korean retweets N. Korea's tweets, may go to 
prison for 7 years Asian nations want to sink S.Korea whale hunt plan
| Reuters Ecuador finds Assange charges 'hilarious' Announcing The Declaration Of Internet Freedom A whole bunch of organizations and individuals are getting together today to launch the beginning of a process, the creation of an Internet Declaration of Freedom. The 'Tampon King' who sparked a period of change for India's women Prisoners in Brazil Reducing Their Sentences by Producing Electricity  For every 16 hrs spent pedaling to charge a battery connected to the bike, prisoners of good standing will shave a day off their sentences Scientology abandoned by Ron Hubbard's granddaughter and David Miscavife's father Falkvinge Why DRM must be outright banned  Because legislation isn't coding 'As part of what one MP calls the most intrusive surveillance regime in the west, the British govt is hoping to require ISPs to route all of the data that gets transferred over their servers through a 'black box.'  The health spending map of the world Defected North Korea poet writes of hunger, desperation. Army officers accused of sexual abuse following 'Game of Thrones' screening Catholic Church Fears Growing Vatican Bank Scandal Officials Pena Nieto projected winner in Mexican presidential vote  More than ten thousand pounds of elephant ivory went up in flames today ... a fiery act intended to snuff out a recent spike in poaching. 
The Prime Minister Of Qatar Buys New York City's Most Expensive Home For $100 Million
 David Nutt on the truth about drugs Mexico's former ruling party voted back to office As crops rot, millions go hungry in India British troops killed by gunman in Afghan police uniform England refuses to extradite sex offender due to risk of indefinite detention Ethiopia Refining Internet Censorship  The 'Committee to Protect Journalists' says it appears Ethiopia is extending & refining its censorship of Internet news with a sophistication that could encourage other authoritarian regimes in Africa. The Prince vs. the 'Paupers'   Liechtenstein's billionaire royal family is threatening to literally abandon its tiny, wealthy principality over a referendum to curtail its power. Is this the coming of the Liechtenspring?  The president of Germany's domestic intelligence agency has resigned in response to a series of errors made in the investigation of a neoNazi terror cell. Criticism grew last week after it emerged that his office had shredded important documents relating to the case. Did history kill defense deal between Japan and South Korea?  Militants in Mali Continue to Destroy Shrines of Sufi Saints  The Amazon's Belo Monte Dam You have an environmental impact study that's 36 volumes, around 20,000 pages, & its basically a work of fiction. Belo Monte is a spear point for dismantling the whole system of environmental licensing & regulation here.  Swedish Woman refused help from 'darkskinned' clerk, not a crime courts rule European court declares resale of used software 
licenses legal, not matter where and how they were 
obtained. EightyFive Syrian Soldiers, Including a General, Defect en Masse to Turkey French police raid home of former president Nicolas Sarkozy. $3.5B later, China has built an empty city in Angola. 21 Nations Block Effort to Turn Southern Atlantic Into Giant Whale Sanctuary Tuscan police officers pay for shoplifter's goods after they see 2 brothers, the older with a wife and two children, had only pasta, milk, nappies and baby food Mexico elects Enrique Pea Nieto as its new leader, rejecting the ruling party in part because of its inability to end a bloody conflict with the drug cartels 500 year old world map discovered. First one to use the name America.  Barclay's Diamond Threatens to Reveal Secrets and Name Names If Investigation Is Too Aggressive New Zealand ships refused entry to Pearl Harbour during maritime exercise due to NZ AntiNuclear legislation Tests hint at possible Arafat poisoning  What Killed Arafat? Syria running 27 torture centers; Human Rights Watch group called for the U.N.  to refer the issue of Syria to the International Criminal Court Large earthquake felt across NZ Barclays boss Bob Diamond resigns after LIBOR fixing scandal Lies, damn lies, and LIBOR Barclays, Diamond, and a devalued benchmark  

The story of how Barclays tried to rig an interest rate benchmark called LIBOR and it cost CEO Robert Diamond his job may seem obscure. But it's the latest evidence that bankers will take every inch regulators leave to them. Assad regrets shooting down Turkish jet, had hoped it was an Israeli jet Timbuktus Destruction Why Islamists Are Wrecking Malis Cultural Heritage

 Tests hint at possible Arafat poisoning Ninemonth investigation discovers rare, radioactive polonium on exPalestinian leader's final belongings. Chinese city cancels copper plant project after protests  Construction of multimillionpound copper alloy plant axed after antipollution protests in Shifang, southwest China Officials in Kenya say that two Iranian agents arrested with explosives planned to attack Israeli, American, British or Saudi Arabian targets inside Kenya. BBC News  French police search Nicolas Sarkozy home and office Nigeria signs $4.5bn oil refining deal with Vulcan Russian Visit Irks Japan  Prime Minister Medvedev angered Japan by visiting the disputed Kuril Islands.  Tokyo wants the return of the islands, seized by Soviets in 1945.  Japan calls the islands its 'Northern Territories', & says his visit is extremely regrettable. Syria's 'network of torture chambers'. According to Human Rights Watch, Syria has been torturing its citizens on a massive scale, with 25,000 people in a network of 27 detention centers where beatings and electrocutions are common. Pakistan 'to reopen' supply lines to Nato Afghan 
forces WikiLeaks says Funding Has Been Blocked After Government Blacklisting Founder Julian Assange hits out at decision by Moneybookers, which collects the whistleblowing website's donations British government urges councils to stop giving tax breaks to Scientology Chinese Premier calls for reform and says democracy and freedom are irresistible !! Israel ends settlement freeze, approves 238 new east Jerusalem homes and derails recently renewed Mideast peace talks Now in my country Four miners trapped in a mine 150 meters deep in Ecuador. French woman faces fine for tearing niqab from tourist's face In Italy, a Muslim woman has been killed by her husband for opposing her daughter's arranged marriage. The daughter was gravely injured after being attacked by her brother Swiss near breakthrough on world's longest tunnel On Sept. 15 2010, the United States tested a nuclear weapon  Japan responded with dismay to the first U.S. subcritical nuclear test carried out under the Obama administration.  India plans to write its own OS Two Views on Mideast Peace  
Interesting perspective from Amos Oz Israelis, Arabs both victims of Europe. Arabs suffered imperialism, colonialism, repression; Jews, persecution, genocide. Each sees in the other its former oppressor
 Over one in six Germans believe the Jews have too much influence and over one in eight Germans would welcome a 'Fhrer' to run the country with a firm hand Russia agrees to build nuclear plant in Venezuela The US will give ~$5 million this year to aid UXO removal in Laos. Compare that to the $17 million spent every DAY for nine years on bombing Laos. Britain, outlier nation  Too American to fit in with Europe. Too European to share the Tea Party's radicalism. Too Western to find new allies in the BRICs. Too posh for Australia. Conservative Britain is a lonely country German study released this week indicates that xenophobic feelings are spreading from extremists at the margins of society to the middleclass heart of the European country Israeli threatens to kill everyone on Qantas flight after not receiving free upgrade The rule of law thrives best in Sweden, the Netherlands but is sorely lacking in Pakistan, Kenya, and Liberia Fresh claims US is running secret prison in Afghanistan India's richest man builds world's first billiondollar home  An Indian businessman has built the world's most expensive home  valued at $1 billion, with three helipads, its own air traffic control, a sixfloor car park, a staff of 600, a fourstorey hanging garden and a cinema. Ahmadinejad says Zionists will disappear in a fiery speech two miles from Israel in Lebanon Palestinians furious at Israeli plan to build more homes in east Jerusalem  World's s sexiest computer hacker, Kristina Svechinskaya, to appear in court in connection with multimillion dollar internet fraud scam 'Plot' to kill Pakistan PM foiledPolice officials say they have arrested seven men and foiled a plot to kill the prime minister and other leaders. Half off! France fights piracy by subsidizing digital music Australia introduces controversial carbon tax. The law forces the country's 500 worstpolluting firms to pay a levy for every tonne of greenhouse gases they produce.
 China hires tens of thousands of North Korea guest workers Because of sanctions, North Korea is unable to export weapons. So it is using its people to raise money. Most of their earnings will go directly to the North Korean regime. The Barclays scandal is not 'wholly inappropriate'. It's a crime 'Financial Services Authority' Calls for Tighter Laws Against Failing Bankers  'There should be a presumption a director of a failed bank should not work in the industry again.' Police claimed a bus passenger was swearing and abusive so they tasered him. A passenger's video of the incident now shows they all colluded and lied in court. Turkey scrambles jets on Syria border Anger Grows In Hong Kong Over China, New Leader Drug test to be required for Unemployed to receive the benefit in New Zealand Islamists take to another world heritage site; this time with pickaxes.  Home Secretary Theresa May planning changes to the test taken by foreign nationals who wish to become British citizens'; immigrants will be told historically the UK is a Christian country Mali Islamists destroy Timbuktu heritage sites Bankers of Failed Banks Should Be Banned from the World of Finance, Says FSA Chairman 6.3 Earthquake just hit china Assange will remain in Ecuadorian Embassy, spokeswoman says.  British Sex Grooming Cases Spark Racial Tensions  the several hundred girls are white, and the men who used them as sex toys are Asian Muslims, mostly Pakistanis raised in Britain Egypt Christians Killed After Election of Morsi as Egypt's president Prince of Liechtenstein threatens to leave after vote on his powers. The Prince of Liechtenstein, one of Europe's most powerful monarchs, will learn on Sunday whether his powers are to be cut. Islamist rebels destroy UNESCO World Heritage sites in Timbuktu The people of Japan occupy the only 
road to Nuke plant the government 
wants to restart. Link to livestream in 
article.  Three Mexican Federal police agents gunned down in Mexico City airport are believed to have been killed by their own colleagues  working for drug traffickers. Mexican election could return old rulers to power
| Reuters Falkvinge 'There are credible rumors floating about in the European Parliament that the EPP party group is going to try to kill the ACTA vote through procedural trickery in the European Parliament.' Japan Introduced Stronger FileSharing Law Ireland scraps electronic voting machines UK migrants to face 'patriotic' citizenship test Here is a country with 5% unemployment, lowest income inequality, healthcare for all, has high life expectancy, low infant mortality, near top in numeracy and literacy, low on crime, incarceration, homicides, mental illness and drug abuse. In all these it beats both the US and China by a mile! Saudi prince found guilty of murdering his servant in London Hotel When Saudi King Abdullah appeared in a newspaper photo with 40 veiled women, he broke a taboo by mixing with the opposite sex in public. Since then, the King has crimped the power of conservative Muslim clerics  prohibited unauthorized fatwas and backed female employees in supermarkets You get checked for porn when you enter Australia, sad thing is they don't give you some if you don't have any.  Chechnya parliament 'is attacked' Nobel Peace Prize Inspires Chinese Dissidents  Young people have been disseminating Liu's Charter 08 reform manifesto. Even veteran Communist Party functionaries are calling for more freedom. For the first time, an ICE highspeed train operated by German rail rolled into London on Tuesday. Deutsche Bahn hopes the test run is a sign of things to come, but France is unhappy. 6 of 10 Chinese demand Norway apologize more than 75 percent of respondents had no idea who the winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize was. Two Chinese nationals arrested for firing into a crowd of Zambian workers protesting poor working conditions at their Chineserun mine Fiji Loses it's birth certificate. Osama bin Laden living in comfort in Pakistan, says Nato official If Ahmadinejad's visit to Lebanon signalled anything, it's that the balance of power is shifting in the Middle East. And as that happens we'll most likely see even more leaders and movements in this region take stands against the policies of western governments. China has halted some shipments to the United States of rare minerals vital to industry due to anger over a US probe Raped women used as pawns in Congo war Man detained by police in Egypt for insulting religion in TV debate Biggest pot bust in Mexican history United Nations Israeli settlement construction is a violation of international law Gunmen storm Chechen parliament  Iran tells Iraqi prime minister 'get rid of America'   Iran has demonstrated its hold over the future of Iraqi politics, telling Nouri alMaliki, the prime minister, to get rid of America as he arrived to ask Tehran's blessing for a second term in office. UK Prime Minister Cameron announces 8% cut to defense budget  Mike Leigh cancels Israel trip over loyalty oath Vatican newspaper Homer Simpson is a true Catholic The central question for many in Middle East has for years been Why is it  since we are a superior people (Arabs) with a superior religion (Islam)  that we are behind the West and what can we do about it? Top UN envoy survives Iraqi roadside blast Striking French Dockworkers Clash with Riot Police  Leave it to a damn engineer. Drug addicts across the UK are being offered money to be sterilised by an American charity Wifebeating allowed under sharia law, UAE court rules French gas stations 'run dry' Man marrying twice in one day. Both women agreed to live as sisters and as friends... 
Iran loses most of its ballistic missile launchers in mysterious blasts at the secret Imam Ali Base  First the Stuxnet virus, now deep sabotage. Iran is taking a pounding. China threatening to block the release of a UN report that details its sales of weapons to Darfur in violation of an arms embargo The World's Jon Stewarts  The Daily Show star has it easy. A list of the world's most influential political satirists shows that in dangerous places, telling jokes can be hazardous to your health. Violent AntiJapanese Protests Erupt in China 'Cuban pilots flew 150,000 Jews from Arab states to Israel'  In the first years of the state, Cuban planes and pilots brought nearly 150,000 Jews to Israel from Iraq, Iran, Yemen and India, the official Cuban newspaper Juventude Rebelde (Rebel Youth) reported on Saturday.  Arab League urges world leaders to boycott OECD conference in Jerusalem Call issued in light of continued Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank comes after Turkey, Britain and Spain said they would not attend. Extensive research into the causes of suicide terrorism proves Islam isn't to blame  the root of the problem is foreign military occupations. Think slavery is a thing of the past? Think again 
				Home News, UK  The Independent In the next 40 years, an unprecedented number of women will be in positions of power, Muslim immigration to the West will rise, and office workers will be unchained from their cubicles, a report released last week says. Three peers to be suspended from Lords over expenses claims  U.S. says Chinese businesses and banks are bypassing U.N. sanctions against Iran
 With Statehood, Palestinians Ready To End All Claims French strikes hit airlines, trucking, gas pumps Debasing a foundational idea  Israel's future depends on its ability to prevent and solve tensions between being 'Jewish' and being 'democratic.'  WikiLeaks Didnt Blow U.S. Afghan Intel Sources Homosexual attacks rise a year after Uganda's anti gay bill  Today marks one year since the introduction of an AntiHomosexuality Bill in Ugandas parliament that seeks to impose the death penalty on repeat offenders and HIVpositive gay men convicted of aggravated homosexuality. House arrest for child run down by settler (in Israel) French workers show how to fight austerity strike wave has shut down thousands of gas stations; Charles De Gaulle airport may need to close tonight. Blotting Out Sun May Soon Be Banned  Yes, really  A U.N. treaty Scout in Mumbai attacks was DEA informant while in terror camp Libor The Crime of the Century  
The interest rate scandal surrounding Englands Barclays Bank is corruption like weve never seen it before. Anonymous Japan cleans up a public park in protest of tough illegal download laws. We prefer constructive and productive solutions, the group said in a statement. We want to make our fellow citizens aware of the problem with a productive message. Women rights activist murdered in Pakistan Cocaine and coca not the same thing, says Bolivia's Morales in defiance of US Taliban shoot woman 9 times in public execution as men cheer South Korea to Reconsider Plan to Drop Evolution Examples From Textbooks Netanyahu moves to end military service exemptions for ultraOrthodox. Drugs use map of the world The World Drugs report for 2012 shows that 230 million people around the world  1 in 20 of us  took illicit drugs in the last year. Iran pastor facing death for apostasy Youcef Nadarkhani whose incarceration for practicing Christianity reaches the 1,000day mark on Sunday. Afghan woman publicly executed near Kabul, Allah warns us not to get close to adultery because it's the wrong way. It is the order of Allah that she be executed. 'Big five' bank customers vent anger by taking their money elsewhere Switzerland will continue to purchase Iranian oil in defiance of the European Union sanctions. Mass Mexico City protest against Pena Nieto win 'Tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through Mexico City against the presidential election win of Enrique Pena Nieto, accusing him and his party of widespread votebuying.' Iran says it has plans to close Strait of Hormuz Undiagnosed illness in Cambodia claims lives of 61 children. Saudi Arabia cracks down on a large demonstration in the eastern city of Qatif, killing two people and injuring at least 20, after a Shia leader was shot and arrested Libya holds first free national election after 40 years of Gaddafi President Bashar alAssad claims that the United States was partially responsible for the death of innocent Syrian civilians because of their support of terrorist gangs operating in Syria. In Canada, history was made when a legal team headed by Jason Bowman of the ACP was granted the right to proceed with its filing of a criminal conspiracy lawsuit against the Vatican, Crown of England and other parties In Canada, banks are closing customer accounts as part of Iran sanctions Egyptian President Mursi reverses parliament dissolution  BBC A man Afghan officials say is a member of the Taliban shot dead a woman accused of adultery in front of a crowd near Kabul Why were ignoring the revolution in Sudan (Foreign Policy) French President Francois Hollande confirmed Saturday plans for a new law criminalizing denial of the Armenian genocide with representatives of the Armenian community Cholera reportedly kills 15, sickens hundreds in eastern Cuba   People in Cuba say hospitals are chaotic and being controlled by security agents who dont want alarming reports to get out. Nearly 25% of all adults in Botswana are infected with the HIV. But the response against the disease has been stunning with the government providing free, lifesaving AIDS drugs to almost all of its citizens who need them.   Higgs boson physicist shunned in Pakistan. Man whose work made discovery of elusive particle possible scorned in homeland because of his religious affiliation Dozens of women who attended a high school run by the Legion of Christ have urged the Vatican to close the program, saying the psychological abuse they endured trying to live like teenage nuns led to multiple cases of anorexia, stressinduced migraines, depression & suicidal thoughts. Mexico urges U.S. to join drug policy review 7 Americans (including US cops) at Colombian drug lord's party  German government slammed over controversial data law that allows government offices to sell people's private information to marketing companies. Two Israeli police officer were convicted of leaving a wounded Palestinian man on the roadside, where he died of dehydration. 2.5 yrs sentence.  The Bank of England had almost daily contact with Barclays over interbank lending at the end of October 2008, newly released emails show. Norway, the worlds 8thlargest producer of oil, is hours away from the 1st complete shutdown of its oil industry in over 25 years as the government holds off on breaking up a fight between striking offshore workers & employers, threatening exports from western Europes top producer 'We cannot forgive her, God tells us to finish her' video shows public execution of woman, 22, in Afghanistan after adultery allegations Israeli government panel finds that Israeli isn't occupying the Palestinian West Bank and that all Israeli settlements should be declared legal. U.S. antidrug agency admits killing pilot in Honduras Bolivia to consider nationalizing Canadian miner's silver property, President Evo Morales said, following violent indigenous protests against the mining project Alberta, Canada Priceless skeleton destroyed in latest fossil attack Tajikistan tells Russia, get out welcomes US and PRC New York Times, Gretchen Morgenson Applaud British, Issue Challenge To American Regulators Over LIBOR Scandal | Matt Taibbi | Rolling Stone Is the LIBOR Scandal The Crime of the Century?
 Charity condemns tourists' use of fresh water in developing countries. Study finds visitors to Bali, the Gambia and Goa use 16 times as much water as locals, causing conflict and disease. UK Ministry of Defence Close To Gaining Patent On Key GPS Technology; US Not Amused Russia will not deliver fighter planes or other new weapons to Syria while the situation there remains unresolved, the deputy director of a body that supervises the country's arms trade was quoted as saying on Monday. Assad U.S. trying to destabilize Syria  Tens of thousands protest 'votebuying' in Mexico 'Unspeakable cruelty' Outrage grows after Afghan woman's execution caught on video France sells bonds at negative interest rate  Mysterious fatal crash provides rare glimpse of U.S. commandos in Mali Boko Haram appears to have surrounded city of 2 million, threatening a 'big grave' Skull discovery suggests location where humans first had sex with Neanderthals. Skull found in northern Israeli cave in western Galilee, thought to be female and 55,000 years old, connects interbreeding and move from Africa to Europe. ISIS To Obama 'We Will Cut Off Your Head In The White House' Israel fires into Lebanon, killing UN soldier New antiterror bill could put chill on freedom of speech Documents reveal Canada's electronic spy agency sifts through millions of downloads every day from global filesharing sites to find terrorists. Every single thing that you do  in this case uploading/downloading files to these sites  that act is being archived, collected and analyzed. Global democracy is at greater risk than at any time in the past 25 years, according to a landmark report by the independent watchdog Freedom House. Women are the main targets for repression, and that levels of brutality under authoritarian regimes are at an alltime high. Raul Castro US Must Return Guantanamo for Normal Relations Huge blast at Hospital in Mexico City. 54 injured half of which are children. Typo causes collapse of 124yearold family business Palestinians Attack Gaza UN Compound After Aid Suspended Greek PM We will no longer submit to the EU Russia warns West support for Kiev could lead to 'catastrophe' Samsung semiconductor workers lymphoma, and no compensation US nuclear scientist jailed for trying to sell secrets Russia cuts spending, bails out banks Russian mother of seven accused of treason over Ukraine IDF confirms Spanish UN peace keeper killed from one of the mortar shells that we launched Tech firms will be considered complicit if they publish hate speech, says Francois Hollande Chinas Yuan becomes the fifth most widely used payment currency. The currency also known as renminbi (RMB) has overtaken the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar. King Salmans Shady History The new king of Saudi Arabia has troubling ties to radical Islamists. Malaysia today declared that flight MH370 was lost in an accident, killing all 239 passengers and crew members on board Ebola virus mutating, scientists say Sydney cafe siege hostage Katrina Dawson was killed by ricocheting police bullets, inquest confirms Canadas leading surveillance agency is monitoring millions of Internet users file downloads in a dragnet search to identify extremists, according to topsecret documents Key Hepatitis C Patent Rejected In India, Clearing Way For Generic Treatment Costing A Thousand Times Less Than US Price Spain charges 12 priests with child sex abuse Two weeks after Zuckerberg said je suis Charlie, Facebook begins censoring images of prophet Muhammad Ancient planets are almost as old as the universe Five small planets orbit an 11.2 billionyearold star, making them about 80 per cent as old as the universe itself. That means our galaxy started building rocky planets earlier than we thought. Obama challenges India on women's rights and religious tolerance ...every woman should be able to go about her day  to walk the street, or ride the bus  and be safe and be treated with the respect and dignity that she deserves. The Mormon church officially supports LGBT rights. Putin ordered Alexander Litvinenko murder, inquiry into death told Scientists in Switzerland have figured out a way to utilize Graphene in solar panel design, raising its efficiency to an absolutely staggering 60%  a finally feasible amount. Recording of Erdoan telling son to zero $1 billion in cash that was in their house is authentic, prosecutor says 3 tons of living cats caught on way from China to Vietnamese restaurants Two Americanmade M41 tanks found in police raid on stolen cars in Brazil ISIS & Japan agree on hostage swap, Japanese journalist to be freed 'within hours' Antitank missile strikes IDF vehicle on Lebanon border Three more beheaded under new Saudi king Rather than face ban in Turkey, Facebook blocks antiIslamic pages Cuba has an illegal 'Internet' that connects thousands of computers  called SNet, short for streetnet South Korea, China warn Japan not to backtrack on apology over wartime past Gorbachev blasts lawmakers suggestion to denounce Germany unification as rubbish Kim Jong Un May Make First Foreign Trip to Russia, Interfax Says. Germany Set to Open Up Autobahn to SelfDriving Vehicles France wants to make Google and Facebook accountable for hate speech Two IDF soldiers killed in Hezbollah attack Ukrainian Students Call On Russian Counterparts To End 'Information War' Check what you hear, doubt what you see. Greece says No to EU statement on Russia 10,000 Palestinian teens graduate Hamas terror camp b'Why wont America and Nato help us? If they wont help us now, why did we help them in Iraq?' b'Bush puts foot down on Georgian conflict' Jewish Georgian minister Thanks to Israeli training, we're fending off Russia  b'Georgian army flees in disarray as Russians advance  Gori abandoned to Russia without a shot fired' Olympic opening ceremony fireworks 'faked' b'What were the Mossad with fraudulent New Zealand Passports doing in Iraq?' b'Russia angered by Israeli military sale to Georgia' b'An American citizen living in S.Ossetia blames U.S. and Georgian leaders for the genocide of innocent people' b'Welcome To World War IV! Now In High Definition!' Georgia's move, a mistake of monumental proportions  b'Russia presses deeper into Georgia; U.S. says regime change is goal' b'Abhinav Bindra wins first ever Individual Olympic Gold Medal for India' b' U.S. ship heads for Arctic to define territory' b'Drivers in a Jerusalem taxi station threaten to quit rather than work for their new boss  an Arab' b'The French Team is Stunned by Phelps and the 4x100m Relay Team' b'Israel and the US behind the Georgian aggression?' b'Do not believe TV, neither Russian nor Georgian. There are much more victims' b'Riots are still going on in Montreal (Canada) because police murdered a boy on Saturday.' b'China to overtake US as largest manufacturer' b'War in South Ossetia [PICS]' b'Israeli Physicians Group Condemns State Torture' b' Russia has just beaten the United States over the head with Peak Oil' b'Perhaps *the* question about the Georgia  Russia conflict ' b'Russia is so much better at war' So this is what it's come to trading sex for food.