 France will go all the way to ensure that multinationals operating on its soil pay their taxes and more cases could follow after Google and McDonald's were targeted by tax raids, Finance Minister Michel Sapin said Superrich Swiss village opts for 200,000 fine instead of accepting 10 refugees Iranian students get 99 lashes for attending mixed graduation party Around 35 men and women were sentenced to 99 lashes each after being found 'dancing and jubilating' by the country's notorious Morality Police Britain is the most corrupt country in the world, claims mafia expert Roberto Saviano 'Its not the bureaucracy, its not the police, its not the politics but what is corrupt is the financial capital' Canadian Conservatives vote to end official opposition to gay marriage Pakistan withdraws ban on condom ads after public backlash Chinese backlash over Windows 10 upgrade push  unauthorized upgrades The UK is selling record quantities of arms  including missiles, bombs and grenades  to countries listed by the Foreign Office as having dubious human rights records. Several have been accused of war crimes or suppressing popular protest. WHO rejects call by scientists to postpone Rio Olympics due to Zika virus outbreak. Tony Blair has suggested that he will refuse to accept the verdict of the Chilcot inquiry if it accuses him of committing Britain to invading Iraq before he told parliament and the public. Venezuela Drifts Into New Territory Hunger, Blackouts and Government Shutdown Israel Police recommend indicting Sara Netanyahu over irregularities at PM's residence All scientific papers to be free by 2020 under EU proposals. Results of research supported by public and publicprivate funds set to be made freely available to all Comet 67P dust discovered to contain building blocks of life Some 20 people living in the Jungle refugee camp in the northern French port of Calais were injured in a brawl between around 200 Afghans and Sudanese on Thursday Children fight to live after lightning hits 11 in Paris park Jordan's King Abdullah II has issued a royal decree formally dissolving the Jordanian House of Representatives Lufthansa suspends flights to Venezuela amid the country's ongoing economic crisis Philippines 22 dead in 3 days of clashes with military UN 700 Migrants May Have Drowned In Mediterranean H&M is being criticised for widespread labour rights violations and the painfully slow progress of safety renovations at factories report, based on 251 interviews with workers from 17 H&M supplier factories in Cambodia and India, found women were being routinely fired during their pregnancy. Iran Hajj Pilgrimage to Be Called Off for Iranians This Year British researchers have found a way to use a natural protein to repair damaged heart tissue. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi asks doctors to treat pregnant women for free Mossack Fonseca to close offices in Jersey, Gibraltar and Isle of Man The law firm at the heart of the Panama Papers is closing its offices in the Britishdependent territories with great regret Residents of Beijing can use one of the citys 34 newly installed recycling machines to trade empty bottles for phone card rebates or free public transit passes. Israel bars Amnesty, Human Rights Watch workers from Gaza Canadian Doctors decline request from Health Canada to back AntiMarijuana campaign. Sweet victory for Mexico beekeepers as Monsanto loses GM permit Saudi prince robbed in Paris after motorcade held at gunpoint Six LGBT persons have been stoned to death in rural Uganda  They were killed by stoning. One who survived (still breathing after stoning) was burnt alive using kerosene/paraffin and a match box For 15 years, over $77 million in counterfeit $100 bills have flooded into the US from Israel. Julian Assange 'to leave Ecuadorian embassy' and could surrender to police Australian authorities are failing to protect Great Barrier Reef because of Australian PM Tony Abbott's approval of the dumping of dredge soil Ecigarettes set to be banned in India soon Israel may be accused of war crimes by UN council Gaza's ruling Hamas placed dozens of activists from the rival Fatah movement under house arrest during the Gaza war and shot several in the legs for not staying indoors Plans for one of Australias largest solar power stations scrapped  Decision to suspend Mildura solar power station comes amid speculation renewable energy target may be scrapped British Muslim wants to renounce citizenship and move to the Islamic State Inequality grows as pay gap for bosses and workers is higher than ever Ukraine's flag raised over Luhansk Russian sanctions create surplus of European produce | Russian sanctions have left farmers in Europe high and dry. If they put their produce on EU markets, prices would likely crash. So what is to become of this year's harvest? Biggest oil discovery in 30 years found off Western Australia coast Liberia confirms West Point patients missing Following earlier denials, Liberia has admitted that 17 suspected Ebola patients are missing after a health centre in the capital was looted. The gov't had sought to reassure people, saying all the patients had been moved to another health facility. U.S. firm helped the spyware industry build a potent digital weapon for sale overseas Australian Teenage supporter of Islamic State arrested for hate crime. Israel's Shin Bet security service said Monday it had thwarted a Hamas coup attempt in the West Bank aimed at toppling Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas Torture And Rendition Diplomats 'Trying To Censor' US Senate Report On British Role In CIA Activities A powerful volcano, Brarbunga, might erupt in the Highlands of Iceland. The Icelandic Met Office has upgraded its aviation alert status to orange, meaning that a volcano shows heightened or escalating unrest with increased potential of eruption. Hamas in West Bank 'planned to topple Palestinian Authority' Two sisters who kidnapped 13 young children and forced them to work as pickpockets before murdering them are to become the first women to be executed in India. Russia Wants Bulgarians to Stop Vandalizing Soviet Monuments To Look Like American Superheroes 100,000 elephants killed in Africa between 2010 and 2012, study finds Saudi Arabia's Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al alSheikh, the highest religious authority in the country, said on Tuesday the militant groups Islamic State and alQaida were enemy number one of Islam and not in any way part of the faith. Israel 'Rockets From Gaza Break Ceasefire' Pope I have only two or three years left to live North Korea Moves Tanks, Armored Vehicles to Chinese Border Air France cabin crew are so concerned about the threat of the Ebola epidemic that unions have started a petition calling for flights to be stopped to those West African countries most affected by the disease. Egypt calls for restraint in Ferguson Three rockets explode in Israel, hours before truce to expire  Diplomacy and Defense ISIS to America We Will Drown All of You In Blood for airstrikes. Hezbollah kills local Islamic State leader in Qalamoun, near the LebanonSyria border Yazidis haunted by cries for help as militants bury victims alive Liberian army told to 'shoot on sight' anyone crossing border as search for Ebola patients continues Liberia all 17 runaway Ebola patients found No longer pinned down by U.S. air cover, Taliban fighters are attacking Afghan military posts in larger numbers with the aim of taking and holding ground  a shift from the hitandrun strikes with posses of gunmen, explosives and suicide bombers An American Tribe Wants a German Museum to Return Native American Scalps  The German Museums Association says that scalps are not subject to the same ethical guidelines that govern other human remains Five weeks out from an election, New Zealand is hit by a Watergate scandal implicating the Prime Minister. Montreal firefighters trash city hall over pension dispute, police watch from sidelines Australian Politician Clive Palmer releases Tirade, referring to the Chinese as Mongrels and Bastards. China responds by labelling the verbal attack as Absurd and irresponsible. Possible tensions for Trade Agreement between the countries that was set to be tabled by the end of the year. US should mind its own problems, not meddle in others affairs  Russian FM Europe 'shot itself in foot' with Russia sanctions Hungary PM Hazelnut prices soar, fuelling fears of Nutella shortage Nigerian woman suspected of Ebola dies in UAE on way to India China liquor reported spiked with Viagra Norway joins the sanctions against Russia Rob Ford says threatening email has given him 12 hours to resign or City Hall will be blown up Icelandic Girls Can't be Called Harriet, Govt Tells Family Authorities reluctant to renew passport of Harriet, 10, as name is not on approved list of 3,565 'Miracle' birth of world's first healthy panda triplets in China  Telegraph A Spanish missionary who contracted the Ebola virus while working in West Africa has died in hospital in Madrid. Swedish dad takes gamer kids to warzone Madagascars National Assembly has quietly adopted a cybercrime law that provides for prison sentences for anyone insulting or defaming a state representative online ISIS was too brutal for Osama bin Laden, letter reveals U.S. oil giant ExxonMobil began drilling in Russias Arctic on Saturday, despite Western sanctions imposed on its Russian partner Rosneft, and was hailed by Russias president as an model of cooperation. 280 humanitarian aid trucks have left Russia for wartorn eastern Ukraine. Russian aid convoy 'will not be admitted into Ukraine' Israel allows Jews to immigrate with samesex spouses RAF fighter jets head for Iraq as Islamic State warns world 'has seen nothing yet' China to start direct sales of fruit and vegetables to Russia IsraelGaza conflict Petition to send Royal Navy hospital ship to Gaza reaches 50,000 India to add 10,000 MW of wind energy every year. To date, more than 170 health care workers have been infected with ebola Ebola Nigeria now has 10 confirmed cases, 177 under surveillance A U.S.designated terrorist group is saving Yazidis and battling the Islamic State Chinese city invests 5 million yuan ($813,000) building bridges for migrating macaque monkeys threatened by a reservoir Israel To Allow Gay Jews To Immigrate With NonJewish SameSex Spouses U.N. Names Panel to Investigate War Crimes in Gaza; Israel Slams It Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid calls on the international community to create a massive aid package for Gaza conditioned on the Palestinian Authority returning to power. Adds that if Hamas were removed, the blockade would end. Israel says no white phosphorous fired in Gaza this time Google Is Backing a New $300 Million HighSpeed Internet TransPacific Cable System between the US and Japan South Koreas firstand onlyastronaut just quit her job, ending the countrys manned space program NSA was responsible for 2012 Syrian internet blackout, Snowden says Iranian is first woman to nab highest prize in maths The Int'l Mathematical Union has revealed the winners of the 2014 Fields medals, considered the highest honour in mathematics. The 4 young medallists  including Maryam Mirzakhani, the first female winner since the prizes were established in 1936 ISIS brutally subdues rebellion in Syria, beheading and crucifying tribesmen who resisted their rule Australia open to sending troops to Iraq to prevent genocide by Islamic State, Protecting people from murder at the hands of ISIL terrorists is a humanitarian cause ...and Australia has a long and proud tradition of assisting people in need Brazil presidential candidate Campos in plane crash source Leader of the Conservative People's Party in Denmark 'I'm gay, so what?' Thoriumbased 300 MW nuclear power plant in India to be commissioned in 2015 Egypt's top religious authority condemns ISIS describing it as a corrupt, extremist organisation that is damaging Islam Russia accepts Ukrainian stipulations to hand over convoy of aid trucks to Red Cross before they enter country Canadians spend more on taxes than on food, clothes and housing, study finds Islamic State Supporters Hand Out Leaflets in Central London Promising 'Dawn of a New Era' Archaeologists uncover Greece's biggest ancient tomb  The official said the Amphipolis site, about 65 miles northeast of Greece's secondbiggest city, Thessaloniki, appeared to be the largest ancient tomb to have been discovered in Greece. 280truck Russian aid convoy set to reach Ukraine border within hours Israel furious as UN unveils Gaza probe team Australias Treasurer Joe Hockey claims fuel tax increase wont affect poor people because they dont have cars A landslide in eastern Switzerland has derailed a train in a serious accident, police say, amid reports that carriages have plunged into a ravine. China arrests North Korean defectors near Laos border, the group which includes women and children will be deported back to North Korea UN report finds Gaza construction funding incorrectly handled by nonstaff UN personnel 'US is sending 130 more military advisors to northern Iraq to help Kurds fight militants' Hundreds of PKK Kurdish fighters poured into Iraq on Friday turning the tides against ISIS Islamic State seizes towns near Turkish border  a significant expansion. AP video journalist, translator killed in Gaza UK to suspend military exports to Israel, if fighting in Gaza resumes French town is resistant to changing their name from 'LamortauxJuifs' which means 'Death to Jews' NSA Tried To Delete Court Transcript In Lawsuit Over Deleting Evidence Iraqi Militants Execute 500 Some Buried Alive Poland asks US to import apples banned by Russia Iraqi Kurdish president asks world for weapons to fight Islamic State, We are not fighting a terrorist organisation, we are fighting a terrorist state Ebola Patient Zero Was A Toddler Pope Francis ISIS Brutality In Iraq 'Offends God And Deeply Offends Humanity' Sunni And Shiite British Imams Denounce ISIS Together Estonia's president accuses Switzerland of acting in its own self interest by not imposing sanctions against Russia and gaining an advantage for its banking sector Hamas Riddles Former Spokesman With Bullet Holes, Dumps Body at Hospital, Then Blames Israel for Death Wave of antiIsrael protests sweeps countries worldwide Officials U.S. airstrikes pound ISIS militants firing at Iraq's Yazidis Ebola Attacks Kakata, a major trading center in Liberia; 11 hospital workers infected, 4 dead. U.S. urges India to step up as regional power Russia push into Ukraine 'unacceptable' Germany Barack Obama pledges longterm campaign to fight Iraq's spreading jihadist crisis Palestinians accept new 72hour ceasefire offer Kurdish Forces Begin Counterattacks Against ISIS Fighters Kurdish officials said they had retaken the town of Gwer and were on the verge of seizing Mahkmour, where American military planes first struck the positions of fighters from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, on Friday. Ebola test negative for Brampton, Ont., man hospitalized after Nigeria trip Iraq War Created Isis, Concedes David Miliband Fighters abandoning alQaeda affiliates to join Islamic State, U.S. officials say Turks vote in 1st direct presidential election Turks were voting in their first direct presidential election Sunday, a watershed event in the 91year history of a country where the president was previously elected by Parliament. Ukraine says no ceasefire until separatists surrender, rebels defiant Jordan accused of barring entry to Palestinians fleeing Syria Leaked Files German Spy Company Helped Bahrain Hack Arab Spring Protesters  The Intercept Man suspected of selling Michael Schumacher's medical files to press found hanged in cell At least half of the 40,000 people besieged by jihadists on a mountaintop in northern Iraq have escaped in the past 24 hours, aided by Kurdish rebels who crossed from Syria to rescue them. The U.S. military has systematically covered up or disregarded abundant and compelling evidence of war crimes, torture, and unlawful killings in Afghanistan as recently as last year, according to a report by Amnesty International Ukrainian government forces are preparing for the final stage of recapturing the city of Donetsk from proRussian separatist rebels. North Korea plans report on human rights North Korea, unhappy with a damning, indepth United Nations sponsored study of human rights conditions in the country, is planning its own assessment. Ambulance service in New Zealand fails to respond to critically ill patient for 1 hour and 10 minutes  despite being 5 minutes away from Auckland Hospital. The patient works for one of New Zealand's largest news agencies. Kurdish forces retake 2 towns from ISIS in northern Iraq NATO sees 'high probability' of Russian invasion as Ukraine troops close on Donetsk Iraq crisis US to arm Kurds  live updates Ban Kimoon secretly worked with Israel to undermine UN report into Gaza war crimes, says WikiLeaks Australian MP listed as secret KGB informant in Russian archives An artillery shell landed in a highsecurity prison in the city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escaped, local officials say. Nuclear reactors closed after faults found at north England power plants  Defects found in boiler units by inspectors lead to 4 reactors being taken offline, 2 at Heysham 1 & 2 at Hartlepool North Korea launch surfing tours on east coast Head of Human Rights Watch denied entry after landing in Cairo ahead of release of report on mass killing of protesters. 20,000 Iraqis besieged by Isis escape from mountain after US air strikes Hillary Clinton blasts 'unfair' world reaction over Gaza, cites antiSemitism as factor Police want right to see medical records without consent Report Hamas Executes Dozens of 'Terror Tunnel' Diggers Fracking campaigners criticise 'censored' report on house prices. Government urged to publish sections cut from study into impact of shale gas wells on local communities Desperate Christians in Iraq beg UK and US to send in troops Ukraine says Russia has massed 45,000 troops on joint border | Reuters Israel Finds Silent Backing Among Arab Nations Hostile to Hamas The U.S. failed to properly investigate civilian killings, including possible war crimes, which occurred during its military operations in Afghanistan, the international rights group Amnesty International said Monday. NATO said it would review the report. Erdogan wins Turkey's presidential election Unofficial results show PM won Turkey's first directly elected poll with 52 percent as his main rival concedes victory. US Bombs ISIS Again In Australia, Businesses are Getting Hit with a $500 Fee Designed to Kill Solar Power  The fee makes it so businesses in Queensland have no monetary incentive to lower their electricity consumption by installing solar panels, industry players say. In the biggest speech of the year, and his first major address, Indian prime minister Narendra Modi chose to speak at length about the scourge of rape and violence against women, breaking a long silence on the matter and raising the issue to major prominence Brazil's Air Force says the black box recovered from the wreckage of the plane crash that killed a presidential candidate does not contain a recording of the flight. Germany Reaches New Levels of Greendom, Gets 31 Percent of Its Electricity From Renewables  As of 2011, one German village already began producing at least 300 percent more energy than it needs First African military aircraft takes to the skies, making aviation history Mexico Acid Leak Leaves Orange River, Toxic Water  20,000 people left without water since a massive sulfuric acid leak last week at copper mine, one of largest in the world. 'ISIS want to impregnate Yazidi women and smash our blond bloodline' Fears are growing for the 300 Yazidi women reportedly kidnapped by Islamic State fighters last week amid claims they would be used to bear children to break up the ancient sect's bloodline. Iranian president tweets bareheaded photo of Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman to win the Fields medal, seen as the Nobel prize for mathematics Nigeria fires 16,000 doctors in midst of rising Ebola concerns Two players die at world chess championship in Norway Islamic State bans Philosophy, Chemistry from Syria Schools German Federal Intelligence Service taps Hillary Clinton's phone call Iraq Sunni tribes take up arms against jihadists Illegal immigrants discovered in shipping container, one dead A total of 35 people, including seven children were found severely dehydrated and hypothermic inside a container on docks near to London. Rebel leader in Ukraine says forces bolstered by '1,200 troops trained in Russia' Merkel tells Putin to stop sending arms to Ukraine Yazidi villagers 'massacred' in Iraq Iraq conflict Canada to fly weapons to Kurdish forces battling ISIS Ebola's spread to US is 'inevitable' says health chief  Telegraph North Korea rumored to have bought land in Zimbabwe Russia to build atomic power station in Jordan Victims of HAMAS Suicide Bombings Sue Jordanian Bank In New York For Funding Terrorism Boko Haram abducts nearly 100 boys and men during village raid American couple arrested in grisly Bali murder could face death by firing squad Hamas considers truce, EU offers to police borders 39 Endangered African Vultures Killed by Poison  Now more endangered than rhinos. The scavengers are hated by poachers since they alert rangers to their presence. Poachers lace kills with poisons so birds die before they can take to skies again. Sweden celebrates 200 years of peace USbacked Kurds retake Mosul dam from ISIS. Ebola patients flee from Liberian isolation centre Unprecedented  the United Nations has declared four of the world's humanitarian crises Level 3, the UN's highest designation  Iraq, South Sudan, Syria, and the Central African Republic. Islamic State militants could grow strong enough to target people on the streets of Britain unless action is taken, David Cameron has warned. Ukraine recognizes Russian cargo as humanitarian aid for warweary civilians in the eastern part of the country Scotland Independence Yes vote advancing despite currency fears US No Confirmation on Reports Russian Military Entered Ukraine  The White House says it cannot confirm reports that Ukrainian troops destroyed a Russian military convoy that had allegedly crossed into eastern Ukraine. Hamas Israel Will Face a Long War If Palestinian Demands Not Met Ukrainian fighter jet shot down One of Iceland's biggest and most dangerous volcanoes, Brarbunga, could be waking up from a long sleep. Islamic State Commander Says Turkey Instrumental in Success Senior official Israel has lifted ban on Gaza fishing zone, allowed fisherman to go out 3 miles from shore Islamic State executes 700 members of Syrian tribe, mostly civilians  report  RT News The Islamic State group has executed 700 members of a tribe it has been battling in eastern Syria during the past two weeks, the majority of them civilians. The killing spree happened in several villages of Sheitat in Deir Ezzor province, where the alSheitat tribe are from. Israeli court allows protesters to picket PalestinianJewish wedding Ukraine Plays Down Significance of Destruction of Russian Military Convoy Human Rights Watch Egypt likely committed crimes against humanity in 2013 protest dispersal that killed 1,150 in one day Rhinos airlifted to safety South Africa to evacuate up to 500 animals from poaching hotspot including endangered black rhino Scottish independence Australian PM Tony Abbott's comments 'offensive' Tony Abbott brands almost half of the Scottish population as 'Enemies Of Freedom' Propeace rally held in Tel Aviv amid Gaza truce talks Africa's Population Could Hit 4 Billion By 2100, Says UNICEF Greenland Glaciers Collapsing much Faster than Thought A group of North Korean defectors held by China on the Laos border is released to South Korea rather than repatriated in sign of a Chinese policy change A Russian convoy carrying humanitarian aid has turned away from its route towards a confrontation with government officials at the Ukrainian border  and is now heading straight for rebelheld areas. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Passengers Bank Accounts Being Accessed Unknowingly, Money Goes Missing Report 4 Billion Gallons of Mining Waste Pour Into Pristine B.C. Waterways Coal generation down as Germany breaks yet another renewables record. Green electricity meets 28 per cent of demand in first half of 2014 Two hours before ceasefire set to end, and with parties still working in Cairo to extend lull, Gaza militants break truce, fire rockets at Israel. Pesticide Ban Call to Save Bees  'Scottish Wildlife Trust' reports 60% decline in bumblebees. Hoverflies & butterflies also at threat. Govt says it's committed to taking a precautionary approach on the use of neonicotinoids. US ground troops land on Iraq's Mt Sinjar to evacuate trapped Yazidis The Australian government's chief business adviser says too much time has been spent focusing on global warming and as a result Australians are ill prepared to deal with the prospect of global cooling. He also states that global warming only persists because science has been made a religion. Polish Defense Minister Tomasz Siemoniak welcomes family of US soldier who died shielding a Pole from suicide bomber in Afghanistan. Father of US soldier I feel that he is not only a Polish soldier, but my brother and part of our family. German public debt falls for first time in postwar era Israeli official confirms US nixed arms sale to Israel Ukraine rebel head Strelkov 'quits' ISIS Shifts Tactics As US Bombings Begin, 'Blend Into' Population Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid in apparent shot at Netanyahu Crisis in USIsrael relations is a very concerning trend... Sometimes, you just have to know how to say thank you. ProISIS leaflets handed out on Oxford Street (London) Seoul N. Korea fires projectiles as pope visits Restrictions on gay men donating blood outdated, says Tory MP SAS sent in to Iraq as US troops land on Mount Sinjar UPDATE 1One child killed and two wounded in Sinai rocket attack Hello Kitty, Japan's ambassador of cute, is on a governmentfunded mission to space The project to launch Sanrio Co Ltd's white cat with a pink bow into orbit is part of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to promote Japan's hightech industry and engineer economic growth. Nigeria fears Ebola spread to east by infected nurse who disobeyed medical instructions Putin says Russia Should Aim to Sell Energy in Roubles Norwegian Journalist Hamas Expels Reporters Over Critical Coverage Gaza conflict Israel and Hamas agree to extend ceasefire by five days It could be the most exotic material on the planet. Seven particles of dust brought back to Earth by a spacecraft nearly a decade ago appear to have come from beyond our solar system. The specks have all the hallmarks of being created in interstellar space. Malaysian police have arrested a bank officer and her husband over allegations they stole more than $30,000 from the accounts of four passengers aboard missing flight MH370 Two female Italian aid workers who ignored their parents' pleas and snuck into Syria have been kidnapped by Islamist militants Hezbollah describes Islamic State as a growing monster that could threaten Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and other Gulf states. Ebola moving too fast, doctors say Russian military vehicles enter Ukraine as aid convoy stops short of border NATO confirm Russia 'incursion' in Ukraine Hamas spokesperson We deported foreign journalists for filming missile launches Russia bans Ukrainian language from schools in Crimea World's Rarest Dolphins Under Threat from Oil Exploration in New Zealand Sanctuary  The govt has to listen to the international scientific experts & give this species a shot at survival. Govt accused of threatening survival of Mauis dolphins, but it disagrees. Hong Kong legal body votes to oust its proBeijing president Finland's President Niinisto to Putin Sanctions bite both, let's discuss Ukraine Second group of Amazonian Indians makes contact with outside world China rights lawyer malnourished after prison; can no longer speak intelligibly Vatican Approves US Airstrikes in Iraq Serbian mercenaries fighting in eastern Ukraine | Serbian fighters fight side by side with proRussian separatists in eastern Ukraine. According to Belgrade, they're not the only ones active in Ukraine, either. Rosneft asks Putin for $42bn loan Russia amending list of banned EU products  Lactosefree milk products and specialty foods for foodallergy sufferers are being taken off the list of forbidden agricultural imports from EU countries into Russia. Israel Braces for War Crimes Inquiries on Gaza Russian aid convoy checked; military vehicles mass near Ukraine Venezuela wants to offload Citgo, its American refinery and pipelines unit. It may be worth up to $15 billion, but the country will sell it for less because Maduros administration is running out of cash. Poland puts on biggest military parade in years as tensions rise next door in Ukraine Pastafarian B.C. man is fighting the system for not allowing him to wear his religious headgear (colander) for his licence. Crackdown on Fish Poaching in Wales Nets 139 Arrests in 1st 4 Months  Biggest concern is foul hooking, which involves dragging hooks through water at high speed trying to impale fish, as it leaves more fish damaged & dying than are brought to shore Ukrainians in Czech Republic called up to serve in war Japan Prime Minister will give up his salary until the nuclear crisis is over.  Tony Blair used 400,000 pounds from a fund for disadvantaged children to set up an office in a fivestar hotel in West Asia Microsoft closing in on $7 billion deal to buy Skype.   As the Arab Spring proves, Bin Laden had already lost By the time he was killed, bin Laden had already lost the battle for the hearts and minds of a new generation of Arabs. Indian Supreme Court  'Honour' killers should hang Christians in Egypt say they are under organized attack.   How An Italian Pilot Began The Air War Era  
In Libya, almost exactly a century ago, a young Italian pilot carried out the first ever air raid. His extraordinary letters home begin Today two boxes of bombs arrived. We are expected to throw them from our planes NATO may have decided killing Gaddafi best way to end war Rumors he may be dead or seriously wounded are starting to surface, as he has not been seen in public since April 30th. SYRIA Amateur video said to show government agents crushing protest
 UK police trained secret terror squads Indian women were subjected to virginity tests in the 1970s before being allowed entry into the United Kingdom Dozens of academics have called for the immediate reinstatement of a Nottingham University lecturer, who was suspended for writing an article criticising the university's treatment of a student arrested by antiterror police in 2008 Blindfolded, beaten and tortured grim new testimony reveals fate of Bahrain's persecuted doctors Russia considers chemical castration for sex offenders.  Six orphan girls aged between 12 and 18 have been flogged in Saudi Arabia after being convicted of acts of mischief and attacking the head of their orphanage The Indian Supreme Court warned that perpetrators of 'honour killings' could face death penalty, saying that the crime meets the rarestofrare criterion laid down by it to award capital punishment.  Bosnia facing a serious crisis. 13 killed in clash on MexicoU.S. border lake At least 82 dead in southern Sudan, including women and children, as rebels continue attacks ahead of region's independence in July EU slaps sanctions on top Syrians including president's brother The Coming Euro CrackUp  
The European project wont go quietly into the night. But it might go noisily into the ashcan of history if the Germans decide they can't convert the Greeks into hardworking, taxpaying eurocitizens worthy of continuing handouts Some observers allege that the sudden emergence of Salafis is orchestrated by Saudi Arabia, which seeks to abort the Egyptian revolution for fear that the same revolutionary model would be reproduced on its soil. Japan Scraps Plan for New Nuclear Plants Rights group More than 750 killed, 9,000 people detained in Syria government crackdown on dissent  400 insurgents attack police in northeast Afghanistan The entertainment industries' copyright lobby supports an LEWP proposal to introduce Europewide firewall to censor and block illicit websites The Pirate Bay team is rallying public support to defend the free Internet and end this threat Statement From the Family of Osama bin Laden Japan's TEPCO likely to pay $50 billion worth of claims for those affected by the nuclear meltdown. Their solution? Cut the President and 6 Exec VPs salaries to ZERO.  Ugandas antigay bill disappears from parliaments agenda after global outcry Egypt has announced that it will open its border crossing with Gaza on a permanent basis, reversing Egypt's collusion with Israel's blockade.  Israel admits it covertly canceled residency status of 140,000 Palestinians UN report Israel confiscated 35% of Jerusalem territories for settlements Libyan rebels have captured Misrata airport, driving back troops loyal to Col Muammar Gaddafi Congo 433,785 women raped in 1 year. Deadly earthquake rocks Lorca in southern Spain Saudi conservatives would prefer to keep their girls illiterate than sending them to schools where they would have to sit with boys. Greece will crash. Deficitreduction targets have been missed and the economy is a mess. Christian extremists in Ugandas parliament are about to subject gay men to punishment of biblical proportions. They have introduced a bill that seeks life imprisonment for gay sex and, for repeat offenders, the death penalty  Irish Minister Copyright monopoly Is Bad For Our Businesses And Economy The proposed Third Intifada is meant to involve the entire Arab world. Now free to demonstrate, Egyptians are planning a millionman march for May 15th to support the Palestinians. Ugandan parliament drops bill that would jail gay people for life German railway nixes Israel rail project Libyan officials confirmed that Gaddafi had been in the home of Saif alArab, when at least two bombs dropped by Nato jets hit the family compound. Gaddafi not seen in public since then. India releases list of 50 most wanted fugitives hiding in Pakistan Syrian security forces have killed 18 people, including 8yearold boy Radiation Found in 19 Japanese Containers in Rotterdam; Five Quarantined. Missing AlJazeera (and former Seattle) journalist Dorothy Parvaz reportedly deported to Iran after being captured in Syria. Japan The Environment Ministry estimates that the maximum amount of electricity possible from wind power generation in northeastern Japan would exceed the energy now being generated by domestic nuclear plants. Pakistani parliamentarians were stunned on Tuesday when a lawmaker led prayers for al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden Egypt to lift restrictions on building churches Israel revokes residency of 140,000 Palestinians in West Bank. Any resident who temporarily left the state after 1967 for vacation/work/study is targeted. PLO calls it war crime. Heartbreaking Video During Daraa siege, people couldn't even pick up dead bodies  [NSFW]  Organic farming  India's future perfect? India's struggling farmers are starting to profit from organic living. Not only are incomes of organic farmers soaring  by 30% to 200%  but their yields are rising as the pesticidepoisoned land is repaired through natural farming methods.  Two Scalps in One Day  
Germany's AntiPlagiarism Activists on a Roll
  
The online community of antiplagiarism activists in Germany are uncovering academic cheating and caused another leading FDP politician to resign  For a man on the run, Osama bin Laden seemed to do very little running. Instead, he chose to spend long stretches  possibly years  in one place and often in the company of his family. Fukushima fuel Rods Fully Exposed After a trial lasting almost 18 months, John Demjanjuk, a retired American autoworker who has been the subject of more than three decades of legal proceedings over his Naziera past, was convicted by a court here on Thursday of helping to force some 28,000 Jews to their deaths during the Holocaust.  More than one in 10 Mexican households forced to pay a bribe in 2010 Security forces in Bahrain are targeting medics for arrest and torturing them to get false and forced confessions   An FBI report kept secret for 25 years said the Soviet Union quite likely fabricated evidence central to the prosecution of John Demjanjuk. 'Drone strike' kills several in Pakistan It is simply not possible that the policies being inflicted on Greece, Ireland and now Portugal will reduce the debt burden of those countries  the very opposite will happen, as was seen from Zambia in the 1980s to Argentina at the beginning of the last decade.  The amount of water leaking from one of the reactors at Fukushima is much greater than previously thought, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Thursday, a finding that points to severe damage to the reactor and could force a change in plans for stabilizing the unit. Geert Wilders on Canada 1. Canada should ban the burka; 2. Theres no such thing as moderate Islam; 3. The Muslims are taking over; 4. Brown people go home; 5. Muslims are a threat to gay rights. Chinese Frauds Account For 80% Of Nasdaq Permanent Trading Halts David Cameron has triggered a row with military chiefs by insisting that hundreds of British troops must be withdrawn from Afghanistan within weeks. Japan Nuclear Reactor Damage Worse Than Expected Fukushima Reactor 4 Building in Danger of Collapse? Iran bans books from International book fair Activist battles Kenyan tradition of rape 'beading' Kan orders slaughter of all livestock in 20km hot zone NATO tries assassinating Gaddafi again.  3 dead, 27 wounded in new missile attack. Syrian army shells neighborhoods
 Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales has waded into the debate over superinjunctions, saying current privacy laws are a human rights violation. Fuel rods in the core of the No. 1 reactor are fully exposed. SEAL helmet cams recorded entire bin Laden raid  CBS Evening News   Authorities at Bangkok's international airport arrested a firstclass passenger Friday [13 May 2011] whose suitcases were filled with baby leopards, panthers, a bear and monkeys. The animals had been drugged and were headed for Dubai. In a twist of irony, Wikileaks has coerced its volunteers into signing draconian confidentiality agreements Osama's neighbours say Pakistan knew Pakistani security agents told them to stay inside and turn off their lights Woman Beheaded in Shop in Teneriefe The Taliban has admitted to twin bomb attacks against a Pakistani paramilitary academy. 80 cadets were killed and 120 wounded in this effort to avenge Osama Bin Laden's death. Syrians try to rescue dying mother and son after being shot by government forces (NSFW) Ten of thousands of Egyptians rally in Tahrir Square against attacks on Christians and in solidarity with Palestinians and Arab revolutionaries Mexico's drugs war escalates as eight headless bodies discovered in Durango SEAL helmet cams recorded entire bin Laden raid Thousands of people rallied in Cairo's Tahrir Square on Friday calling for national unity after attacks on Egyptian churches, and solidarity with the Palestinians. Moammar Gadhafi may have fled Tripoli and a top Catholic official in that city reports that the Libyan strongman has been hurt, the Italian foreign minister said Friday. Bahrain targets Shia religious sites At least 28 mosques and Shia religious institutions have been destroyed since the crackdown on Shialed protests began in MidMarch Confirmed quake/tsunami dead reaches 15,000, of which 12,838 have been identified; 9,506 missing; 500 new deaths attributed to indirect postquake trauma such as stress and illness (Japanese report). The mission to destroy bin Laden, and his network, sparked the creation of a chillingly bureaucratic process for deciding who would be on 'kill lists,' authorized for death at the hands of the CIA. It revolutionized the use of pilotless drones to find and attack militants; drove the controversially Pakistani Taliban avenges Bin Laden killing by blowing up Other Muslim Pakistanis... Europe moves to end passportfree travel in migrant row Gadhafi has very likely left Tripoli and has most likely been wounded, Italian foreign minister says Democratically elected communists ousted in election TEPCO Admits Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Reactor Unit 1 'In State of Meltdown', Fuel Rods Exposed 
Radiation said leaking from holes in bottom of container vessel... The U.N. panel investigating Israels deadly raid on a Gazabound aid flotilla faces a major stalemate, with Turkey threatening to drop out over wording in a draft report that it sees as favoring the Israeli view.
 Scientists cure cancer, nobody takes notice. Fukushima farmers ordered to abandon their livestock Japan reactor leak 'serious setback'Radioactive water pouring from troubled reactors is hindering efforts to bring the nuclear power plant under control. Top Pakistani Spy Denounces U.S. Before Parliament NeoNazi March stopped by counterprotesters in Berlin Fukushima Gaseous and liquid releases continue unabated.  With a meltdown at Unit 1, Unit 4 leaning and facing possible collapse, several units contaminating ground water, and area children outside the exclusion zone receiving adult occupational radiation doses. Situation worsens China says Ai Weiwei will be punished. Qatarbased alJazeera provided intense coverage of the uprisings in the Middle East, almost cheering along the protesters. But when tanks from Saudi Arabia rolled in to neighboring Bahrain in, the  networks reporting was only sporadic and markedly neutral, critics say. Acid blinding sentence postponed by Iran after international outcry In a literal application of the sharia law of an eye for an eye, Majid Movahedi was scheduled to be rendered unconscious in Tehran's judiciary hospital while his victim, Ameneh Bahrami, dropped acid in both his eyes! Pornography found in bin Laden hideout How North Koreans get their laughs By reinterpreting Party slogans, North Koreans show their sense of humor as well as their growing dislike of the regime. The governments of Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay are drafting laws to curb acquisition by foreigners of extensive tracts of their fertile agricultural land.
 India's Supreme Court has ordered a twomonth ban on the production and sale of a widely used pesticide that can cause nerve damage to humans and wildlife. Third worker dies at Japan nuclear plant after conducting repair work on one of the stricken nuclear reactors
 Fukushima Daiichi plant worker dies An Iranian man found guilty of using acid to blind a woman who refused to marry him now will have the same done to him as punishment  and she'll be the one who carries out the sentence, her lawyer says. BBC News  Singapore founding father Lee Kuan Yew resigns The European Union is warning Denmark its plans for customs checks may violate EU law and the Schengen free travel agreement. Could the UK lose Scotland? What Scottish secession would mean for the union Turkey threatened to drop out of a United Nations panel investigating Israel's deadly raid on the aid flotilla, saying the wording of the draft report was in favor of Israel. What four miles of Yemeni protesters looks and sounds like Flood of North African refugees to Italy ends EU passportfree travel Uganda antigay bill pushed out of parliament! Greek crisis forces thousands of Athenians into rural migration. Debt, unemployment and poverty is causing mass unrest and thousands to seek a cheaper lifestyle outside the capital
 A worker at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant fell unconscious at work on Saturday and later died. Japanese officials detect radioactive incinerator ashes in Tokyo, other prefectures World population to reach 10 billion by 2085. In 1950, 32% of the worlds people lived in todays rich countries. By 2100, only 13% will. Egypt Muslim Brotherhood leader to Washington Post We are not threatening Israel. [...] Israel is not under threat from Arabsit is under threat from inside Israel, from its leaders like Netanyahu and Lieberman. It is under threat from Israelis. Pakistan's Reaction To Osama's Killing Shows It's A Country Of Contradictions Louis Vuitton's sued artist Nadia Plesner for her painting that included a child from Darfur holding a designer purse. European Court rules freedom of expression about Darfur more important than Louis Vuitton's trademark Blackwater hired by the crown prince of Abu Dhabi to put together an 800member battalion of foreign troops for the U.A.E., according to former employees on the project, American officials and corporate documents obtained by The New York Times. Dominique Strauss Kahn, head of the IMF, arrested in New York on charges of sexual assault. Thousands of pictures stitched together for a fully interactive 360 degree view of space.  Breath taking. Where Are the Human Rights Groups? Where Are the Media?   The case of the Yemeni poet who just had his tongue cut out appears to be one of the most horrifying crimes against those who dare to express their views in public. Australian dies planking.  IMF head arrested for sexual attack Fukishima pressure vessels 1, 2, and 3 likely to be damaged and leaking water. Building 4 explosion due to #3. 9 Killed as Israel Clashes With Palestinians on Four Borders  deadly clashes erupted on Sunday as thousands of Palestinians  marching from Syria, Lebanon, Gaza and the West Bank  confronted Israeli troops to mark the anniversary when Arabs mourn Israels creation IDF opens fire as mass numbers infiltrate from Syria; four reportedly killed {CNN also reports heavy fire at Gaza crossing could be a bad day} Blackwater founder creating an 800member battalion of foreign troops to thwart uprisings UAE 
French political bigshot who heads the International Monetary Fund was arrested for allegedly sodomizing a Manhattan hotel maid today  getting hauled off an Air France flight just moments before takeoff from Kennedy Airport Japanese engineers have abandoned their latest attempt to stabilise a stricken reactor at the Fukushima nuclear plant.  Thousands protest Turkish internet censorship bill in Istanbul David Mitchell If Scotland does secede, I won't be alone in mourning for my country. 1 killed, 16 hurt as truck plows into cars, pedestrians in suspected Tel Aviv terror attack Amazing footage of massive peaceful crowd chanting in Sana'a, Yemen Police Mothers strangle their 2 newly married daughters in honor killing in northern India
 The operator of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant says it may take a number of years to remove damaged nuclear fuel rods from the Number 1 reactor. Japan's nuclear crisis has influenced a protest movement in India that is violently opposing plans to build the world's largest nuclear plant. Council of Europe committee rules that mobile phones and computers with wireless internet connections should be banned from schools In northeast India coal towns, many miners are children Thousands of underage workers as young as 8 leave school to work in coal mines under perilous conditions. India officially upholds mining safety standards & forbids child labor, but loopholes in laws allow widespread abuses. Witness expected to testify in Chicago trial that he laid the groundwork for the 2008 Mumbai, India terrorist attack with $25,000 from an officer in Pakistans powerful intelligence service. Eight killed as Israeli troops open fire on Nakba Day border protests  Former owner of Blackwater 'training private foreign legion' How one Japanese village defied the tsunami While most of the world is debating the future of nuclear power in their countries, Poland's parliament voted overwhelmingly in favor for the construction of the countries first Nuclear reactor.  Former Israeli soldiers break the silence on military violations A once unimaginable movement is emerging from within Israel's insular Orthodox Jewish community homosexuals demanding to be accepted and embraced, no matter what the Bible says. Turkish government wants users to install filters before accessing the Internet, and the list of blocked websites is classified  thousands protested both online and on the streets against this new Internet controls Egypt in crisis talks as Muslim mobs attack Christian churches Thousands flee as a Canadian town burns to the ground Israeli soldiers open fire on demonstrators Selfish jerks 1. Earth 0. Two tiny islands in the heart of a South Asian marine reserve sunk into the sea after fisherman plundered the coral reefs that kept them afloat. Japan widens the evacuation zone around Fukushima Tens of thousands march in Spain to protest against austerity measures, banks, politicians 'Catastrophic' picture emerges of Syrian town At least eight people were killed Sunday in Talkalakh  the most recent casualties from a government crackdown that already has killed more than 800 people nationwide since midMarch [...] The Vatican told bishops around the world Monday [16 May 2011] that it was important to cooperate with police in reporting priests who rape and molest children and said they should develop guidelines for preventing sex abuse by next May. But the suggestions in the letter...are vague and nonbinding At least 27 people decapitated in Guatemala
 Palestinians test tactic of unarmed mass marches Solvakia, Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have decided to form a battle group by 2016, to check growing Russian influences in the former Soviet zone. I played dead when they stabbed me in the stomach. Then I hid and left at around 5am and I came across a pile of human heads, he said. Wow...I don't even know what to say to that. Netanyahu Israel willing to cede 'parts of our homeland' for true peace China Ai Weiwei's wife allowed visit. Artist described as tense, conflicted during first contact since he was detained. Fukushima Reactor 1 melted down, 2 and 3 may 
have too India removes 142 alleged terrorists from blacklist, clearing Sikh separatists to travel freely Ayatollah claims that Ahmadinejad has been bewitched by a senior aid Israeli naval forces fired warning shots at a Malaysian ship carrying aid to Gaza as it approached the shore, forcing it to withdraw to Egyptian waters Arab protesters descend on Israeli borders Thousands of Arab protesters marched on Israel's borders with Syria, Lebanon and Gaza on Sunday in an unprecedented wave of demonstrations, Iran and North Korea appear to have been regularly exchanging ballistic missile technology. Gadhafi's new weapon Fill an inflatable boat with explosives, put mannequins in it, and send it out to sea in search of a humanitarian aid ship to destroy Saudi woman drives her own car for four days, world doesn't implode. Cooling system of Fukushima plant's No. 1 reactor was not functioning before tsunami The good news  Thailand jungles mask surprise rise in tiger numbers Where is Khaled? Saudi man goes missing after giving interview to the foreign press. Italy upgrades palestinian delegation in Rome to embassy status Pakistani troops open fire on ISAF helicopters at Afghan border McDonalds Replaces Cashiers with TouchScreens
European restaurants test selfcheckout model All 17 German nuclear reactors now look set to close by 2022 at the latest. UK government's terrorism watchdog has warned police not to misuse antiterror laws to round up innocent people  particularly in the runup to the Olympics World in the Throes of a Human Rights Revolution, Says Amnesty International TEPCO admits nuclear meltdown occurred at Fukushima reactor 16 hours after quake Bomb found on bus in Ireland ahead of queens visit Guatemala 27 massacred, decapitated in Petn by paramilitary drug gang Los Zetas Six weeks after Chinese authorities scooped him up at the Beijing airport to be held on vague charges, acclaimed international artist Ai Weiwei was finally permitted to see his wife on Sunday. It marked the first time anyone from the outside world had seen Ai since his detention. US to deploy troops if Pak nukes come under threat  US troops will be deployed in Pakistan if the nation's nuclear installations come under threat from terrorists out to avenge the killing of Osama bin Laden, the Sunday Express can reveal. Tanks storm southern city as Syria denies mass grave Denmark wants the North Pole  The Danish government is planning to officially announce that it is to lay claim to the North Pole, according to a draft DanishFaroeseGreenland strategy which Information has obtained. Fukushima Daiichi cooling system was shutdown manually ahead of Tsunami possibly to prevent damage to the reactors. Japanese gov will urge TEPCO to explain how and why the measure was taken. Japanese Officials Ignored or Concealed Dangers Illegal Trade in Bear Bile Flourishes throughout Asia its used in traditional medicine is rampant throughout 12 Asian countries, despite national and international laws banning or limiting the practice Syrian mass grave found near Deraa President of Guatemala delcares state of emergency over massacre. TEPCO documents reveal chaos at Fukushima nuke plant after quake, tsunami German paper Iran is building rocket launch bases in Venezuela
 Filipino president says he's ready to accept excommunication from church for promoting free access to condoms Madrid, Spain, right now. The protests keep on growing. For the second consecutive day, thousands of people have taken the streets of Spain Syrian security forces open fire on an ambulance attempts to rescue an injured man, the driver and the medic receive direct hits. Canadians kept in dark from a very long list of toxins introduced into drinking water due to shale gas 'fracking' and Exxon Mobile goes on Shale Gas adspree on hulu Guatemalans sue US for deliberately spreading illness in 1940s experiment Germany vs. Greece  German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday evening blasted Greece and demanded that Athens raise the retirement age and reduce vacation days.  Autocrats Gain Ground in Middle East  
Burning churches in Cairo, dead and wounded in Syria, Libya and Yemen, and a deathly silence in Bahrain. The Arab protest movement has come to a standstill, and the kings, emirs and sultans are rallying to launch a counterrevolution. Chilling Story Of Genius In A Land Of Chronic Unemployment  Meet the Yahoo boys of Nigeria, successors of the 419 scammers. Astounding computer skills, masters of human manipulation. New con involves online dating. We use our brains to get what we want. For us its the only way to live Protests in Afghanistan turn violent Thousands of Afghans, claiming NATO again killed civilians, take to the streets North Korea's Food Shortage 'We Cannot Leave the Children to Die' Naked sex workers try to set themselves on fire in Seoul protest [NSFW] Gaddafi's Wife & Daughter flee to Tunisia [no Al Jazeera English article up yet] Japanese Cabinet adviser  Radioactive water dumped into Pacific Ocean because of strong request from the United States U.S. slaps sanctions on Syrian President Bashar alAssad and six other top officials for crackdown on prodemocracy protesters Canadians secretly added to U.S. security list WikiLeaks Spanish youth rally in Madrid echoes Egypt protests Ethiopia is facing 30% inflation along with an impending drought. Things aren't looking great. Wondering why none of this is even being spoken of in international media Medvedev warns of new Cold War over US missile defense system Bin Laden killing 'may set precedent' MPs are told  Osama Bin Laden's death may come to be seen as a precedent for targeted killings by states in the future, a report written for MPs has suggested. Democracia Real Ya The organization behind the protests in Spain By any rational standard, Stephen Harper and his minions should have been obliterated at the polls on May 2; instead, they will form a majority government based on 40% of the popular vote.  AlJazeera journalist Dorothy Parvez released Korean sex workers protest brothels crackdown Blackwaters Erik Prince is setting up noMuslims battalion for Abu Dhabi to use against revolution... and Iran (approx. 246) As the Japanese government and TEPCO struggle to bring the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant under control, a group of pensioners has decided to put their lives at risk to save younger people from radiation.
  Randal Munroe, creator of XKCD, responds to Ben Stein's comments about Dominique StraussKahn The Middle East is running dry. The most waterstressed nations on Earth are all in the Middle East and North Africa. Add surging populations and food and energy costs, and trouble seems inevitable Designer of China's Great Firewall reportedly pelted with shoes and egg Israel rejects total pullback to 1967 borders First Habitable Planet Confirmed by French Scientists Company Director doesn't give his staff a wage rise because they would only mismanage their money TEPCO posts photos of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant getting hit by the tsunami (links below the 2nd photo) You Need To Be Watching What's Developing In Spain Right Now Whistleblower says Russian troops fed dog food China acknowledges Three Gorges dam 'problems' How Does a Socialist Public Servant Pay for $3,000aNight Hotel Suites and FirstClass Flights? Israeli attach expelled from Russia over spying allegations Russia threatens nuclear buildup over U.S. missile shield China has drastically cut the number of deaths from HIVAids by handing out free drugs. An opinion poll in France, taken before his first court appearance on Monday and released on Wednesday, showed that more than half the population believe StraussKahn was set up. Ethiopia rebels say govt troops killed 100 civilians;1 UN worker dead, 2 missing Levels of ocean radionuclides at least order of magnitude higher than Chernobyl. A swarm of bees delays flights at Philippine airport Women in Turkey
Behind the veil Womens influence in politics is growing, but it is still small Second Iranian flotilla of solidarity with 120 supporters of Bahraini dissidents blocked from entering kingdom  Military tanker plane loaded with 158,000 pounds of fuel just crashed Support for Swedish NATO membership drops  Fewer Swedes support Swedish membership in NATO and roughly half are outright opposed to the idea, a new poll shows. Mexico town stands up to drug gangs with barricade Triple bombing kills 27 at Iraqi police station Jerusalem mayor trying to order Arab homes in majority Arab neighbourhood to be demolished.  State prosecutor has already ordered the homes be evacuated.  Why not go all the way?  I Didn't know evil had limits. b'Iceland Looks to Create Information Haven  a Switzerland of bits' b'Moazzam Begg 'British intelligence were there at every stage of my detention'  I am a British citizen and the British intelligence services were, as far as I'm concerned, complicit in the torture of their own citizens  the ones they're supposed to protect.' b'20,000 evacuated from Caen to defuse WWII bomb' Villagers forced to move as Burmese junta allows Chinese electricity giant to build seven hydroelectric dams in Burma's northern region of Kachin. The biggest of them  the Myitsone Dam  will see the forced displacement of 15,000 people from surrounding villages b'Why did the Iranians hate us so much?' b'Robert Kissel found out his wife was having an affair with a TV repairman in the US and planned to seek divorce just before she killed him. She drugged him using a milkshake laced with Rohypnol and hours later bludgeoned him to death with a metal ornament in their luxury apartment in Hong Kong.' b'Doctors Haunted by Haitians They Couldnt Help' b'Afghan civilians killed in strike by Nato rockets' First phase of Afghan offensive 'gone to plan' b'20,000 people evacuated in Caen for a large mining operation' b'Brits forced to give up European expat dreams' b'Police unable to save girl from icy river because of health and safety  Telegraph' b'SinoUS Cyber War More to Fear than we Know?' b'GM of Chilean mint dismissed for misspelling the name of the country' b'The Year of the Tiger The Chinese century' b'Profiteers of the Greek finance crisis' b'Pakistan court strikes down presidents order  Pakistan's Supreme Court suspended the presidential appointment of two top judges in an emergency ruling late Saturday that could cause a destabilizing clash between the judiciary and the unpopular, Westernbacked government.' b'Wall St. Helped Greece to Mask Debt Fueling Europes Crisis' b'Reem Asaad, an economics professor from Jeddah, organised the boycott through her Facebook page, as public protests are illegal in Saudi Arabia.' b'Germany How to fight neoNazis?' b'Missionaries Doing What Missionaries Always Did' UFO sceptic has close encounter with 'alien' in British park. b'Australian grandmother beats off attacking shark  then for the fun of it enters into Fight Club ' b'To suppress a gathering of artists, from afar, through boycott or any other means of exerting pressure, is wrong  James Cameron' Mexico on the brink thousands expected at mass protests over student massacre | Corruption and violence threaten to destabilise country after mass murder of students and scandal over presidential home A group of journalists has launched a legal action against Scotland Yard after discovering that the Metropolitan police has been recording their professional activities on a secret database designed to monitor socalled domestic extremists U.S. meteorologists say the world in October continued to set heat records. They say despite a bitter U.S. cold snap, the globe is rushing toward its warmest year on record. Great Barrier Reef will be 'slaughtered' scientists dismiss Julie Bishop's claim reef not at risk EU governments unanimously approved a new law to slash the use of plastic grocery bags on Friday, hoping to curb litter on land and a spreading plastic soup in the world's oceans. Lithuanian President calls Russia terrorist state Russia's Igor Strelkov I Am Responsible for War in Eastern Ukraine | News New Snowden docs UK spy agency had fulltime employee inside Vodafone / Cable & Wireless Gambia security forces insert objects into gay prisoner's anuses and vaginas to test their sexual orientation Canadian Police Arrest Protesters Blocking Proposed Path of Tar Sands Pipeline  The protesters are trying to stop the pipeline, which would carry tar sands crude from Edmonton, Alberta to Burnaby, British Columbia. Molotov cocktails, clashes as Mexico City braces for massacre protests | Masked demonstrators threw Molotov cocktails and shot fireworks at police near Mexico City's airport as thousands prepared to protest President Enrique Pena Nieto's handling of the apparent massacre of 43 trainee teachers New Yorkborn London mayor Boris Johnson refuses to pay US tax bill. J31 stealth jet gets bad reviews after Zhuhai Airshow flight  dark exhaust emitting from the jet's engine indicates the engine's poor efficiency in burning fuel. Laser from Plane Discovers Roman Goldmines in Spain  Hidden under vegetation & crops is a gold mining network created by the Romans 2,000 yrs ago, as well as complex hydraulic works, like river diversions, to divert water to the mines. US President Barack Obama to be chief guest at India's 2015 Republic Day parade Senior ISIS figure killed in Mosul Mexican president burned in effigy as day of protest ends Ukraine president heckled at tribute to Kiev protesters as Biden visits UK's first 'poo bus', powered entirely by human and food waste, takes to the streets today Girkin says he and his special ops team started conflict in Donbas Venice is looking to ban wheelie suitcases. Nearly 30 per cent of world population is overweight report Russian Government says Wikipedia isn't reliable; plans its own electronic encyclopedia as counterweight. Scotland Yard is investigating three 'possible murders' linked to a Westminster paedophile ring that was allegedly operating in the 1970s and 1980s Vladimir Putin we must stop a Ukrainestyle 'coloured revolution' in Russia Pakistani family sentenced to death over honour killing outside court Four relatives of a pregnant woman who bludgeoned her to death outside one of Pakistan's top courts were sentenced to death on Wednesday for the crime, their defence lawyer said. ISIS now controls territory in Libya. Russians Might Use Reindeer to Battle Crime  Animals handle tundra better than snowmobiles, so theyre considering starting a reindeer police force Banking culture breeds dishonesty, scientific study finds Record 1,020 rhino killed in South Africa | 2014 eclipses 2013 poaching record as illegal wildlife trade continues to boom, threatening future of the species 'World's longest railway' links Madrid and China as freight train service begins on the 21day, 8,000 miles long route. Google Internet balloon crashes on farm in South Africa For the first time, Israel refuses to return bodies of terrorists as a deterrent to future attacks North Korea has threatened to conduct a nuclear test in response to a United Nations move towards a probe into the country's human rights violations Ancient Egyptian Handbook of Spells Deciphered China to Place Limit on Coal Use in 2020  Opponents of climate change regulation in the U.S. have long used Chinas emissions as an excuse for inaction on the U.S. side, he said. Last weeks joint announcement is the beginning of the end for this line of argument. Acid Rain is Turning Canadas Lakes to Jelly  There is a war going on between 2 water flea species, & one of them is going down hard. A lot of things cant eat these jellyclad fleas. They're 10 times bigger because theyre encased in this jelly. Obesity rivals smoking and war, with $2trillion hit to global economy PM No room for discrimination against Israeli Arabs Netanyahu, Livni, Lapid and Erdan lash out at Ashkelon mayor for banning Arab construction workers from vicinity of kindergartens in southern Israeli city. Unbearable stench after 5,000 bats suddenly drop dead Russian singers and other celebrities are increasingly being banned from the big stage for disagreeing with the Kremlin's policy in Ukraine Police seize massive weapons shipment headed for Jerusalem. Israeli president We are not at war with Islam Rivlin advises leadership to not raise issue of control over Temple Mount, says Israelis and Palestinians destined to live together in Jerusalem 10 civilians killed by mortar fired at homes near GazaEgypt border Birmingham City Council hid links between Asian cabbies and child sex victims for 23 years BBC  Fifa whistleblower Phaedra AlMajid fears for her safety Top German Politician Slammed for Asking West to Recognize Crimea Swedish Court of Appeals rejects Assange appeal ISIS is making millions per week, has enough weaponry to keep fighting for at least 2 years. Julian Assanges appeal to lift arrest warrant is rejected by Swedish court Burger King axes 89 of its 688 franchises in Germany at once over ongoing scandals about poor hygiene and mistreatment of staff. SAS troops with sniper rifles and heavy machine guns have killed hundreds of Islamic State extremists in a series of deadly quadbike ambushes inside Iraq Thousands evacuated after British WWII bomb found in French city of Rennes  Packed with 70 kilos of high explosives India tea workers kill boss over pay Switzerland Voting to Abolish 152yearold Tax Break for Rich Foreigners UK MP paedophiles were protected from police action In a North American first, heroin addicts in Vancouver will soon receive prescription heroin outside of a clinical trial. Thailand's Justice Minister has said martial law will remain in place indefinitely, amid mounting protests of military rule. Extinct Spectacled HareWallaby Spotted in W Australia  Conservationists thrilled after threatened marsupial seen in Kimberley region for 1st time in a decade Putin says Russia not isolated over Ukraine, blames West for frosty ties Germany to drop probe into US spying on Merkel report Bomber 'kills 40' at Afghan volleyball match Obama misinformed in 'unnecessary' Great Barrier Reef speech  I dont think others should be coming and lecturing us on climate change, Australian trade minister says of US presidents comments Humanity is under attack former Canadian soldiers volunteer to fight The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria Mexico City protests continue following the alleged kidnapping and execution of 43 student teachers by corrupt police. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said he and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan he had discussed a transition of power in Syria away from President Bashar alAssad during a fourhour meeting in Istanbul on Saturday. India Wants Energy That Doesn't Melt Glaciers, Modi Says Syrian Christians 'Help us to stay  stop arming terrorists' 2,000 Britons fighting for Islamic State Labour MP says 2,000 jihadists have travelled to Syria and Iraq from the UK  a fourfold increase on official estimates Boko Haram militants kill 48 fish traders in Nigeria attack. The United States recovered thousands of old chemical weapons in Iraq from 2004 to 2009 and destroyed almost all of them in secret and via openair detonation, according to a written summary of its activities prepared by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons UK Conservative Party slams AntiEnvironment Australian PM Tony Abbott on climate policy Top local cop arrested in 43 students' disappearance Serbia Refuses to Join AntiRussian Sanctions Despite EU 'Blackmailing' Residents say hundreds of women have marched topless through a town in the Central African Republic to protest sectarian violence Ukraine to cancel its nonaligned status, resume integration with NATO Kenya bus attack 28 nonMuslims killed after being unable to recite Koran in suspected alShabab attack Pope Francis says greed will 'destroy the world' Media gagged over bid to report MP child sex cases 6.8 Eartquake hits Japan, Nagano prefecture. Mild shaking in Tokyo Human rights group Amnesty International released free software on Thursday that allows users to determine if their computers are bugged by government intelligence agencies. Radicalisation risk at six Muslim schools in London Madagascar plague outbreak kills 40 Egypt closes schools in Sinai towns as area inches toward open war  Army prepares to step up campaign against Islamist militants, who have started beheading army informers. European Parliament expected to push Google to break itself up. Australia in breach of human rights obligations over imprisonment of two teenagers for life, says UN Mexican military threatens intervention amidst mass protests over disappeared normalistas Egypt tightens closure on Gaza as Israel eases it Palestinian Authority faces $1 billion lawsuit from families of US terror victims European Parliament to vote on Palestine statehood Kenya's Catholic Bishops Claim Tetanus Vaccine Is Stealth Birth Control Project Socrates arrested in tax case | Former Portuguese prime minister Jose Socrates has been arrested on suspicion of tax evasion. It's the second potential scandal to hit Portuguese politics in a week, after the interior minister's resignation last Sunday. Ukraine crisis Lavrov warns over Russia 'regime change' goal  Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine are aimed at forcing regime change in Moscow, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says. Israel begins controversial demolitions on Palestinian suspects' homes as deterrent. Several former Canadian soldiers plan to join Kurds to combat Islamic State militants in coming weeks, Canadian media reported on Friday Africa Nears Eradication of Polio  A rigorous vaccination campaign has nearly eliminated the crippling infectious disease from Nigeria & the continent at large Britain objects to Argentinian 'Falkland signs' Cancer Patients Driven to Darknet for Cheap Drugs Armed bandits steal Ebola infected blood raising fears of bioterrorism. European Parliament reportedly wants Google to be broken up Scientists urge governments to turn old TV frequencies into free super WiFi Afghan woman kills 25 Taliban rebels to avenge her sons murder Only 36% of Canadians would call Ottawa shooting a terrorist attack, while 38% blame mental illness, survey finds Russia funds French National Front and other farright European parties 41 men targeted but 1,147 people killed US drone strikes  the facts on the ground. New analysis of data conducted by human rights group Reprieve shared with the Guardian, raises questions about accuracy of intelligence guiding precise strikes. Chinese tourists are flocking to Taiwan to see democracy in action, it's been reported. There's even a visitor's guide to the elections circulating online, with do's and don'ts for those wishing to get a feel for Taiwan's unique electoral culture. Dangerous Levels of Global Warming are Unavoidable, Says the World Bank. A two degree increase could wipe out 90 percent of coral reefs, devastating coastal ecosystems and the economies and fisheries that depend on them. Icelandic bank manager involved in 2008 financial crash sentenced to prison German league chief tells Sepp Blatter to resign over Qatar World Cup Ecigarettes to be restricted, flavoured tobacco to be banned in Ontario We're Eating This Poisonous Fish ... to Death  Japanese dish called fugu is a puffer fish that produces toxins so deadly it can kill if prepared improperly. Yet the delicacy is so popular that overfishing is pushing 1 species of puffer to the brink of extinction. Unidentified jet launches airstrike on Tripoli, Lybia airport Egyptian president says his regime is ready to protect Israel South Pacific islands prepare to sue French government for $1billion over nuclear tests |Tests were conducted from mid1960s and saw government approved detonated of nearly 200 nuclear tests off atolls in French Polynesia Sony paralyzed on a worldwide scale by serious hacking threat. ISIS abducting and indoctrinating children for active combat in a systematic manner reports Ukraine 'will hold NATO referendum' France awards highest honour to modest WWII heroine living in New Zealand Great Barrier Reef threatened by Queensland plan to let miners take billions of litres of groundwater, says Marine Park Authority Australian Cricketer Fighting For Life After Taking Bouncer To Skull Nicaragua Is Going Ahead With a Massive Canal That Will Bisect the Country According to experts, the project will likely wreak havoc on both Nicaraguans and the country's environment Russia says it loses billions to oil slump, sanctions Islamic State Australianinitiated air strike kills up to 100 militant fighters in cave complex near Kirkuk Cant keep waiting for stealth fighter, India tells Russia AntiSlavery Campaigners Arrested in Mauritania, the Country With the World's Highest Slavery Rate Tourist fined $30,000 for tagging Colosseum After scrapping nuclear energy, Germany is pondering pulling the plug on coal too. Human Rights Watch calls on Indonesia to scrap 'virginity tests' for female police The Alpine city of Grenoble is the first European city to ban all commercial street advertising. Instead, the French city will plant trees. From January to April 2015 more than 300 advertising spaces  2,000 square metres  will disappear and 50 trees will be planted. North Korea warns of wiping Japan off world map over U.N. resolution Turkish President Erdogan says women and men cannot be equal in a meeting of an association promoting women rights. Canada moving toward Americanstyle inequality, U.S. economist suggests Man Allegedly Tortured by UK and US for Nearly a Decade Wins Right to Sue Britain | VICE News PUTIN We're Stronger Than Everybody It Took 12 Trucks to Haul Away All the Cash This Corrupt Chinese General Hid in His Home Israeli policeman charged with manslaughter of Palestinian teen Polar bear numbers in parts of Alaska and Canada dropped about 40 percent in the last decade, researchers at the U.S. Geological Survey say. Of the 80 cubs observed in Alaska from 2004 to 2007, only two are known to have survived. The gender pay gap has fallen to a record low Netanyahu Warns of 'Grave Mistake' if France Recognizes Palestine The U.K. government is set to announce measures to force internet service providers to maintain records of which customers use which IP addresses, so as to make online anonymity more difficult. 500 dead sea lions found on a beach in Peru Wild duck tests positive for bird flu virus H5N8 in northeast Germany; Strain is highly pathogenic, officials say Protesters Call for Mexican Presidents Resignation More Mass Graves in Mexican Search for Missing Students Human bones were found by civilians and nongovernmental organizations inside the four mass graves Finnish president says that now is not the right time for Finland to join NATO Mahmoud Abbas claims wild pigs are being released by Israelis to intimidate Palestinians Britain is facing the biggest terrorism threat in its history and has foiled around 40 major plots since suicide bombers attacked London in 2005, Home Secretary Theresa May said on Monday. Nearly 800 people have been rescued from boats in distress in the Mediterranean Sea in the last 48 hours New Zealand's Surveillance Laws Are AntiPeople, Says Green Party leader Russel Norman Discovery Of Vast Canyon in Tibet, thousands of feet under sediment, was once carved out by a river 35 million years ago Scientists predict green energy revolution after incredible new graphene discoveries  The breakthrough raises the prospect of extracting hydrogen fuel from air and burning it as a carbonfree source of energy in a fuel cell to produce electricity and water with no damaging waste products. Dutch move 122 tons of gold out of US to Amsterdam Bollywood actress Veena Malik sentenced to 26 years in jail for blasphemy after appearing in mock TV wedding scene Chinese businessman builds luxury flats for his old village for free Canada to dress Ukrainian soldiers for winter warfare Banks Goldman Sachs, HSBC and Standard Bank and a unit of chemical producer BASF conspired to manipulate platinum and palladium prices, according to a US lawsuit filed this week Three priests and a religious education teacher are arrested in Spain after former altar boy writes to Pope claiming he was molested by paedophile ring EU Wants Google Right to be Forgotten Deletions to Apply Everywhere  European Union court decided that people should be able to get search results deleted, but ruling just applies within Europe for now 7 Hong Kong Police Officers Arrested in Beating of Protester Deforestation dropped 18% in Brazil's Amazon over past 12 months | Levels fell to secondlowest level in quarter century, Brazils environment minister said, in wake of adoption of controversial bill revising the Forest Code 30% Women Quota in Germany  Merkel govt to introduce quota for women in senior corporate positions  The quota stipulates that 30 percent of members of boards of directors or supervisory bodies in around 100 shareholding companies in the stock market must be women. Controversial mine water bill passed in Queensland, Australia  Miners in Queensland will no longer need a licence to take ground water and will be exempt from reporting requirements for lowrisk activities. Kim Jong Un's younger sister named senior official Two brothers have become the first Britons to be jailed for terrorism training in Syria in 2013. OPEC Leaves Output Ceiling Unchanged at 30 Million Barrels Angela Merkel uses strongest language yet about Putin German chancellor signals she is ready for long confrontation over Ukraine Waving the Palestinian Flag at Protests to Be Illegal Under Israel's New AntiTerror Plan | VICE News Biologists disturbed to find seals in Britain seemingly killing porpoises for fun Interpreters who worked with US forces in Afghanistan are being hunted down by the Taliban. Thousands have emigrated to the US but others have been blacklisted, refused a visa, and left in grave danger. Turkey bans reporting on corruption investigation of exministers Germany Warns Wrecking Russian Economy Would Be Perilous A small village in Nepal is set to make the largest animal sacrifice in the world New Snowden docs GCHQs ties to telco gave spies global surveillance reach Edward Snowden Receives Stuttgart Peace Prize 2014 Jian Ghomeshi charged with four counts of sexual assault, could face life in prison