 Pregnant women are being warned not to travel to the Olympics in Brazil after a virus causing thousands of babies to be born with unusually small heads swept through the region. Toronto man found not guilty in Twitter harassment trial widely viewed as a Canadian first Japan accepts 27 refugees last year, rejects 99% 5 dead, 2 critically injured in Sask. school shooting, Trudeau says U.S. to ask China to ban oil exports to North Korea 'We will recover our land from the invaders' ISIS issues chilling threat to launch terror attacks in Spain to reimpose Muslim rule after 500 years No German  no money Austria to fine refugees for refusal to integrate Iraqi Kurdistan president time has come to redraw Middle East boundaries Mass evacuation alert Popocatpetl volcano near Mexico City spewing ash As Zika virus spreads, El Salvador asks women not to get pregnant until 2018 Europe could suspend passportfree travel for two years under emergency measures as leaders warn the migrant crisis could destroy the European Union. France To Try Seven Jihadists Including Paris Bombers Brother German police have said they do not have enough resources to carry out interior minister Thomas de Maizires plan to extend border controls as long as the refugee crisis continues. Migrants torch Calais camp in violent protests after police move in to evict hundreds from slum Violent crime rises by 27% after killings hit a fiveyear high in the UK Islamist gunmen kill 17 in Somalia beach restaurant attack Footage shows devastation in Yemen as Saudi 'double tap' strike hits rescuers Amazon founder Jeff Bezos' space transportation company, Blue Origin, successfully launched and landed a suborbital rocket for a second time, a key step in its quest to develop reusable boosters, the company says. Norways largest bank calls for total end to cash Erdoan says Turkey will not allow Russia to build a base north of Syria Canada Wants Drones to Bomb Terrorists, Track Pirates, and Spy on Protesters Russia's AIDS Epidemic Reaches Crisis Levels The Latest Macedonia shuts border with Greece to refugees Problem drinkers account for almost 70 per cent of alcohol sales 15 countries in UN lose voting ability due to lapse in UN payment dues. South America Takes to the Streets Against TPP Child Porn Sting Goes Global FBI Hacked Computers in Denmark, Greece, Chile Thousands gather in Poland to protest internet surveillance laws Christian refugees from Syria claim they saw a former Islamic State member living in Frankfurt, and that this is not an isolated case. Merkel AntiSemitism more widespread than we imagined Bacteria that resist lastresort antibiotics were found in China two months ago, now they're everywhere Berlin Residents Protest Near Merkel's Office Against Migrant Violence S Africa girls given student grants to remain virgins Muslim doctor and sister helped convict proISIS hate preachers on Oxford Street Russian general Igor Sergun dies suddenly after being 'sent to Syria by Vladimir Putin to ask President Assad to step down' | Middle East | News China Has 'Reached Consensus' With Djibouti on Military Base First International Military Bases to be Built Jordan kills 12 infiltrators attempting to cross borders from Syria 'Plane wreckage' found in Thailand fuels talk of missing Malaysian jet Iran finalises purchase of 114 Airbus planes but wants 400 more passenger jets Migrants storm French port of Calais and board British ferry Vienna Says Violence Outbreak Possible Over Measures to Reduce Migrant Flow Biden Says U.S. Is Prepared to Use Military Force in Syria Worst cold in 30 years grips China with temp below 30 degrees Celsius Russian air strikes kill over 1,000 civilians in Syria Scores of medical experiments on primates are being conducted in secret at a number of Sydney hospitals and universities including an apparent coverup of a kidney transplant from a pig to a baboon. Palestinians in Gaza fire rocket towards Israel Thousands of Poles have taken part in marches in Warsaw and other cities to protest new surveillance law, which they say will curtail privacy and freedom Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Saturday called for closer economic and security ties with China, saying Iran had never trusted the West, as the two countries agreed to increase bilateral trade more than 10fold to $600 billion in the next decade. UK Should Process Calais Migrants, Says Corbyn Tutankhamun Egypt museum staff face trial over botched beard job The solar system appears to have a new ninth planet. Today, two scientists announced evidence that a body nearly the size of Neptunebut as yet unseenorbits the sun every 15,000 years. Less than 1% of the wealth created since 2000 has gone to the poorest 50% of the world's population, new research has revealed. Over half of the world's supply of Cobalt, a primary element used in lithium batteries, is mined in the Democratic Republic of Congo by child miners. UK inquiry finds Putin 'probably' approved Litvinenko assassination in 2006 Head transplant has been successfully done on a monkey Tajikistan shaves 13,000 men's beards to end radicalism Russia's currency collapses to lowest level ever China busts child trafficking ring, recovers 15 infants Xinhua Two brothers hunting for ichthyosaur fossils along the coast of the United Kingdom came across something far more astounding The bones of what may be the earliest known dinosaur from the Jurassic period in the U.K., and possibly even the world, a new study finds. Saudi Arabia Minister Avoids Questions On Acquiring Nukes From Pakistan China to allocate $4.6 bln to shut 4,300 coal mines Denmark considers moving migrants to camps outside cities Afghanistan is setting up its firstever womenonly university in Kabul US wasted millions on Afghan reconstruction, says watchdog 1,175 rhinos killed by poachers in S.Africa last year. Fewer than 100 rhinos were poached in 2008, since when numbers have rocketed. Jimmy Savile raped children as young as nine' while working at BBC, leaked report finds People are afraid these 'zombie ships' are the first sign of global economic collapse Fears grow of repeat of 2008 financial crash as investors run for cover Vietnam is mourning an ancient turtle revered as a symbol of auspiciousness, whose death has shocked the country. Thought to be one of only four living Yangtze giant softshell turtles, it was found floating in the Hanoi lake where it lived. Cause of death is unclear. Austria Limits Asylum to 1.5 Percent of Population Oil price fall to $10 a barrel 'not impossible', admits BP boss A New U.K. Law Says NonE.U. Migrants Must Earn 35,000 or Face Deportation IMF recommends paying refugees below the minimum wage Sierra Leone Records Another Ebola Case, Days After Africa Was Declared EbolaFree Merkel says Austrian cap on refugees 'not helpful' for European solution A Danish city has ordered pork to be mandatory on municipal menus, including for schools and daycare centers, with politicians insisting the move is necessary for preserving the country's food traditions and is not an attack on Muslim HIV infections in Russia have reached record levels, with the number of people registered as HIVpositive passing the one million mark. Migration crisis can destroy Europe, says French Prime Minister Manuel Valls | Europe | News Independent economists TPP will kill 450,000 US jobs; 75,000 Japanese jobs, 58,000 Canadian jobs Top Japanese official in charge of TPP trade deal is accused of graft Bill Gates has told the the BBC that the United States should set a better example by taking in more refugees. Speaking to the BBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Mr Gates said his home country had the capacity to follow the examples of Germany and Sweden, who were to be congratulated. North Korea arrests US student Alexander Litvinenko accused Vladimir Putin of being a paedophile four months before he was poisoned More European nations are barring the door to migrants  A host of European nations are taking new steps to curb migrant arrivals amid rising security concerns. Chinese president declares support for Palestinian state Australia's largest solar plants are open for business | will generate enough power to serve more than 50,000 homes. The two plants cover more than 375 hectares (927 acres) in total, making them the largest in Australia and potentially the Southern Hemisphere. The US Will Cede Control of the Internet for the 1st Time  Globalization has made it impossible for the US to maintain its oversight of internet governance organization ICANN. French police fire tear gas at hundreds of migrants trying to jump onto UKbound trucks after a night of rioting at The Jungle refugee camp Pope Francis opens footwashing rite to women in gesture of inclusion  In a change that quickly set the Catholic world buzzing, Pope Francis allowed priests to wash women's feet & anyone else in the community on Holy Thursday & not just men, as church law previously decreed. IMF Refugees Cost Greece 300 Million in 2015 Israel dismantles West Bank terror cell directed by Hezbollah chiefs son A pregnant woman with her hands and feet bound. A man with an obsidian blade embedded in his skull. Men and women with arrow wounds to the head and neck. That's the grisly scene archaeologists describe at Nataruk, in modernday Kenya, where they say they've uncovered unique evidence of violence Thirty five restaurants across China have been busted using opium poppies to illegally season dishes, authorities say. Montenegro WWII concentration camp island to be turned into luxury resort with nightclub Report reveals clandestine Swiss deal with PLO to avert further terrorist attacks against the country in exchange for diplomatic support Long Thought To Be Extinct, Bizarre Tree Frog Surfaces In India U.S. Tightens Visa Rules for Some European Visitors Israeli Holocaust survivor, 112, likely oldest man in the world Israeli forces evict settlers a day after they illegally move into Hebron homes Extremely Likely Germany To Limit Number Of Refugees, Says President Gauck United Nations panel finds evidence that Saudiled coalition has conducted widespread air strikes against civilian targets, in violation of international law Most fleeing to Europe are not refugees, EU official says Dutch commissioner Frans Timmermans says 60% of arrivals are economic migrants 8 dead, over 610 injured as heavy snowfall continues in Japan Pope Francis is taking direct aim at the wealthy and powerful of the world, saying in his message for Lent that they are often 'slaves to sin' who, if they ignore the poor, 'will end up condemning themselves and plunging into the eternal abyss of solitude which is hell.' Giant Turtle Dies, Leaving Only 3 Alive on Earth  The recent death of Cu Rua pushes the Yangtze giant softshell turtle to the brink of extinction Isis fighters 'virtually impossible' to detect as group continues to use fake passports to exploit refugee crisis Putin denounces Soviet founder Lenin U.S. pastor freed by Iran says he was tortured in prison, saw Sunni cellmates executed for their faith Rouhani says Iran didn't request statue coverup Greece has seriously neglected obligations to control external borders, European Commission says in draft report Moscow accuses Germany of hushing up Russian girl's rape Russia Will Not Accept Deported Refugees from Norway Secretary of State John Kerry warned on Wednesday that if China failed to do more to curb North Koreas enhanced nuclear capacity, Washington would take steps that China has strongly opposed, including deploying defense systems to protect American allies in Asia. Denmark named least corrupt country; Somalia, North Korea the most report Germany warns Moscow not to exploit teen 'rape' case Russia Syria peace talks must include Kurds despite Turkish 'blackmail' Family planning is 'critical link' in eradicating poverty  Reproductive health experts want more access to modern contraceptives to prevent population bulge that would undermine efforts to tackle global poverty. Russia may ban American corn and soybeans Two Cases Suggest Zika Virus Could Be Spread Through Sex World heritage forests burn as global tragedy unfolds in Tasmania | Devastating longterm prognosis for ancient Gondwana ecosystem as bushfires turn trees more than 1,000 years old to tinder Hundreds Vanishing in Egypt as Crackdown Widens, Activists Say China warns Soros against declaring war on its currency Person In Denmark Tests Positive For Zika Virus Poland sending 46,000 troops to border with Russia as fears grow over Putin expansionism Israeli PM Netanyahu says UN Chief Ban Kimoon 'encourages terror' The ISIS encrypted messaging app, widely reported in the media as a tool for plotting terrorist attacks, does not exist Zika Virus May Have Spread To Common Mosquito A Chinese firm has purchased the rights to the Tiananmen Square Tank Man photo from Bill Gates The 50 most violent cities in the world are revealed, with 21 of them in Brazil... but Venezuela's capital Caracas is named the most deadly US Call for life sentences for journalists raise serious concerns about Turkey's commitment to democracy Gates Foundation accused of 'dangerously skewing' aid priorities by promoting 'corporate globalisation' Controversial new report calls for Bill Gates' philanthropic Foundation to undergo an international investigation Germany bans farright Internet platform, arrests 2 Greece warned control your borders or you will be out of Schengen. Athens furious at being scapegoated by rest of EU over refugee crisis and fears effect of being expelled from passportfree zone. Zika virus Disease may spread to Britain after experts find viruscarrying mosquitoes in Kent and Sussex | Home News | News 3D Scanners Race to Monuments before Terrorists Blow Them Up  Advances in 3D scanning technologies, drone use and even tourists' online posting of images are giving preservationists a new set of tools to prevent the permanent loss of cultural artifacts. The top U.S. general in Iraq has warned of the potential collapse of Mosul Dam, saying that such an event could prove catastrophic, despite preparations already in place. A report by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 2006 called Mosul Dam the most dangerous dam in the world Iran's Khamenei releases video denying Holocaust on International Holocaust Remembrance Day Belgium said 'push migrants back to sea'  Greek minister Zika in Europe Danish man tests positive for virus Top Japanese official in charge of TPP accused of graft Eritrea 'appalled' by hoax forced twowife minimum story Japan Will Not Join War Against ISIS for Foreseeable Future Documentary on radical Islam raises hackles in France Venezuela doctors fume at official silence on Zika, could already be facing an epidemic Hamas militants 'die in Gaza tunnel collapse' Germany's domestic intelligence agency says the number of Islamic extremists heading to Syria and Iraq continues to grow, raising concerns over trained fighters returning who could carry out attacks in Europe. ISIS retreats after sustaining heavy losses in Deir Ezzor The German cabinet endorsed measures on Wednesday that would make it easier to deport many noncitizens convicted of crimes, responding to outrage over the sexual assault of hundreds of women by foreigners on New Years Eve A British woman has become the first person in the world to have a pancreas transplant because of a severe needle phobia, her doctors have said. French Jews appalled by Iranian presidents visit on Holocaust remembrance day Explorer Henry Worsley dies after suffering exhaustion and dehydration during solo Antarctic crossing attempt Zika virus Outbreak 'likely to spread across Americas' says WHO  The infection has already been found in 21 countries in the Caribbean, North & South America. By 2050, our oceans will hold more plastic than fish Scottish police accidentally publish secret counterterrorism report on their website El Salvador Urges Women Not To Get Pregnant Till 2018 To Combat Spread Of Zika Virus Five years after the uprising, activists are claiming state repression in Egypt is worse than its ever been Pakistan 'can and must' dismantle all terror networks Barack Obama SwedishFinnish telecom operator TeliaSonera, and Swedish telecommunications giant Ericsson, have announced that Stockholm and Tallinn in Estonia will be the first cities to have new wireless mobile technology, 5G, rolled out in 2018. Europol ISIS planning large scale attacks in Europe Asylum seekers in Cardiff are being issued with brightly coloured wristbands that they must wear at all times, in a move which echoes the red door controversy in Middlesborough and has resulted in their harassment and abuse by members of the public. Animals are starving at Gazas zoos under Hamas ISIS releases video of Paris attackers committing atrocities in Syria. New Zika Virus Cases Confirmed in the U.K. Disquiet grows over French state of emergency European Union interior ministers on Monday urged Greece to do more to control the influx of migrants, some threatening to exclude it from the continent's prized passportfree travel zone as the crisis increasingly divides the bloc's members. AsiaPacific TPP backers face opposition almost everywhere China to ban CO2 auditors from carbon trading in new rules | To improve the credibility of the verifiers, the NDRC also said they should not hire staff who have worked in companies being audited at any time during the previous five years. Germany follows Switzerland and Denmark to seize cash and valuables from arriving refugees Polar vortex hits Hong Kong record low temperatures close schools, hospitalise 45, injure 111, trap 130 on Kowloon Peak ISIS Video Appears to show Paris Assailants Earlier in Syria and Iraq Iran announces 100 arrests over attack on Saudi embassy Switzerland made secret deal with PLO to prevent terrorist attacks on Swiss territory. In return, Switzerland would offer diplomatic support to the PLO. Twentyfive dead in suicide bomb attack on north Cameroon market Inmates in one of Brazil's roughest prisons used explosives to destroy a wall and escape en masse into surrounding streets, prompting a frantic manhunt. Media footage of the brazen breakout on Saturday in the northeastern city of Recife showed the blast ripping a hole in the main wall Rocket fired at southern Israel near Gaza border  Israel News Sri Lanka destroys huge illegal ivory haul  Govt publicly destroys biggest ever illegal ivory haul in bid to show poachers it will not tolerate the violent trade. Sri Lanka also becomes worlds 1st country to apologize for complicity in the illegal killing of elephants. First Monkeys with Autism Created in China | They spin in their cages and dont interact. The scientists who created autistic monkeys say theyll now try to cure them Mahatma Gandhi statue defaced in India and scribbled Long Live ISIS Rome's nude statues covered to spare Rouhani's blushes Japan is building the Worlds largest floating solar power plant The caste system has left its mark on Indians genomes  A group of researchers has identified exactly when Indians stopped intermarrying. ISIS Has Whole Fake Passport 'Industry,' Official Says Swedish Prime Minister visits site of fatal stabbing at asylum centre Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday criticized Soviet founder Vladimir Lenin, accusing him of placing a time bom under the state, and sharply denouncing brutal repressions by the Bolshevik government. Malaysia's attorneygeneral says $US681 million ($A976 million) transferred into Prime Minister Najib Razak's personal bank account was a gift from the royal family in Saudi Arabia and there are no criminal offences or corruption involved. Thousands of Brits have been left in pain after being fitted with hip implants in incorrect or mismatch sizes, a report has claimed. Malaysia attorney general Saudi royal family gave Najib $681M 'personal donation' Cars blaze in Dresden as PEGIDA demonstrates nearby Thousands of PEGIDA demonstrators have once again protested in the eastern German city of Dresden. Local media have reported that 10 cars, thought to belong to PEGIDA supporters, were set alight South Africa bans leopard trophy hunting for 2016 because of excessive legal shooting and poorly managed trophy hunting Lifesavers forced to watch 31 refugees drown because they were 'not allowed to intervene' in international waters Hong Kong freezes over in ice as Guangzhou experiences first snowfall since 1949 Direct Flights Between U.S. and Iran to Resume After 36 Years China Stocks Plunge to 13Month Low Amid Capital Outflow Concern Israeli 'spy vulture' captured in south Lebanon  Middle East Walmart Canada introduces five cent charge for plastic bags Brazilian army declares war on Zika, mobilizes troops Putin is Corrupt Says US Treasury 10 Afghan Police Officers Poisoned by Colleague, Then Shot by Taliban Plan to bomb ISIS in Syria wins Netherlands MP majority support Boosting Middle East economy is way to beat extremism Iranian president b'President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have rejected findings from U.S. intelligence agencies that Iran has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bomb' b'House Resolution Calls for Naval Blockade against Iran. The measures called for in the resolutions amount to an act of war.' b'Spain wins Euro 2008.' b'Food Prices 20072008 In one year, beans increase 64%, lentils 147%, wheat 80%, celery 106%, eggs 28%, etc.' b'Cop Body Slams 44YearOld Woman' b'Israeli spy caught and sentenced in Iran' b'EU Constitution author says referendums can be ignored. He also admitted that the Lisbon EU Treaty had been carefully crafted to confuse the public. ' b'Not a Surprise U.S. Advisors to the Iraqi Oil Minitry played an integratal part in the new oil contracts about to be awarded to Western companies.' b'Shooting demo in France uses real bullets instead of blanks, injures 16' b'USNATO Deaths Higher in Afghanistan Than in Iraq During June' b'Brazil Raids Illegal Ranches, Gives Cattle To Poor' b'Lloyds gives credit cards to children without telling the parents You dont need chains these days to tell the masters from the slaves (You only need Mastercard)' b'Is White House Blocking Search for Bin Laden?' Israel swaps Samir Kuntar (and other prisoners) for soldiers' remains b'Operation Cannonball Details about the hunt for Bin Laden and the debate inside the Bush Administration.' b'A military shooting demonstration in south east France has left 16 people wounded, after real bullets were used instead of blanks.' b'Sy Hersh US has been preparing the battlefield in Iran with clandestine operations for months' b'Oil prices pass $143 a barrel; US gas hits high' b'Beijing Pressures Taiwan To Restrict Falun Gong Activities' b'The Army admits to faulty Iraq planning' b'Study World Gets Happier ' b'Olympic nightmare A red tide in yellow sea' b'Someone attempted to kill Irans President Ahmadinejad with highintensity Xray radiation during his recent trip to Italy' b'A police investigation concluded that if the tiger had been real it would have been only 27 centimetres long.' Iran hands down death sentence to 'Israeli spy' Young people in England have 'lowest literacy levels' in developed world says OECD Volunteer who claimed a migrant had dropped dead outside Berlin registration center after waiting outside for days admits he lied in a bid to win sympathy for asylum seekers Man 'held with guns at Disneyland Paris' Microsoft cofounder's yacht tears up protected coral reef in Cayman Islands. Paul Allens 330ft vessel destroys 80% of reef in protected zone Forty percent of Germans want Merkel to resign over refugee policy An EgyptAir mechanic whose cousin joined Islamic State in Syria is suspected of planting a bomb on a Russian passenger plane that was blown out of Egypt's skies in late October BBC News Migrant crisis Dutch plan for migrants who land on Greek islands to be immediately ferried back to Turkey. Japan adopts negative interest rates in surprise move Zika virus Activists in Brazil to petition court to allow abortions The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is launching an encryption technology to protect whistle blowers. Finland expects to expel 20,000 failed asylum seekers Italy Claims Google Dodged $248 Million in Taxes New docs confirm CIA had rendition flight lurking in Europe to catch Snowden Irans supreme leader airs Holocaust denial video on international Remembrance Day OneThird of Ecuador's Rainforests to Be Auctioned Off to Chinese Oil Companies 'Deadly' attack rocks mosque in Saudi Arabia Zika virus at pandemic level, National Institutes of Health says Fungi Survive MarsLike Conditions Aboard Space Station Some hardy Earth organisms may be able to survive on Mars, a new study suggests Spies in the Sky Israeli Drone Feeds Hacked By British and American Intelligence | Under a classified program codenamed Anarchist, the U.K.s GCHQ, working with the NSA, systematically targeted Israeli drones from a mountaintop on Cyprus Yemeni forces seize three Saudi bases Saudi Arabia Conducted 119 Airstrikes Against Civilian Targets In Yemen, UN Panel Finds Egypt disappeared hundreds of activists in advance of Tahrir Square Jan 25 anniversary Zika virus found in New Zealand HIV becoming resistant to key drug, study finds Russian whistleblower's death 'like Litvinenko murder A 13yearold girl from a Russianspeaking community in Berlin was not kidnapped and sexually assaulted by immigrant men as previously reported, but simply spent the night with an acquaintance. Two jailed for handing out Isis leaflets on London's Oxford Street Mobs of 'hundreds' of masked men rampage through Stockholm central station beating up refugee children Russia Will Not Allow Exclusion of Kurds From Syrian Peace Talks India, Egypt say no thanks to free Internet from Facebook Snow falls in Kuwait for 'first time ever' Mexican cops again at center of mass disappearance Church of England members back samesex marriage France If new peace initiative fails, we'll recognize Palestine Mali's elephants, one of just two remaining desert herds in the world, will be gone in three years unless the government does more to protect them, a conservation group said on Thursday. IED found on Mumbaibound train, defused France to build 1000km of road with solar panels Egypt jails prominent writer for insulting Islam Proton beam cancer therapy 'effective with fewer side effects' Number of TPPA protests held around New Zealand, ahead of the official signing next week Israel rejects French peace bid, saying threat of recognition incentivizes Palestinians not to negotiate Suicide Attack on Shiite Mosque in Eastern Saudi Arabia Kills 3 7.0 quake strikes Russias far eastern Kamchatka Spain Princess Loses Legal Battle to Avoid Tax Fraud Trial  Spain's Princess Cristina has lost a legal battle to avoid being tried for tax fraud and is expected to testify next month in a corruption trial also featuring her husband and 16 other defendants, a panel of judges ruled Friday. AntiGMO research may be based on manipulated data Fukushima nuclear crisis far from over, Kan says | The Japan Times UK mother Tareena Shakil, who took son to Syria, guilty of Islamic State and encouraging terror Chinese Billionaire Zhang Xin 'The Old Model Doesn't Work Anymore' Russian fighter came within 15 feet of U.S. Air Force jet over the Black Sea this week. Egypt minister of justice calls for killing 400,000 Muslim Brotherhood members and supporters A young Nepali woman returning from Saudi Arabia is robbed by immigration officials and raped by a policeman  Victim's brother wants Indian gang rapists hanged Scientists fear Canada will fish bluefin tuna and other species to extinction New rights will 'effectively end homelessness' in Scotland  Controversial surgery in China for addiction burns away brain's pleasure center By destroying parts of the brain's pleasure centers in heroin addicts and alcoholics, these Chinese neurosurgeons hope to stop drug cravings A French weekly known for publishing cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed to the ire of conservative Muslims said Sunday it plans to release a comic book biography of Islams founder that will be researched and educational The Opec oil cartel, led by Saudi Arabia, will pocket a record of more than US$1tn in net oil revenues in 2012 as the annual average price for Brent, the benchmark, heads to an alltime high in spite of weak economic growth. Police Trap Reveals How Afghan Insider Attacks Work  The Taliban believed Beyar Khan Weyaar was perfect candidate to prepare an insider attack on Afghan police, but instead he set a daring trap that has given a rare insight into suicide bombing tactics. Sunshine is abundant in Qatar. All that untapped solar power could create a new energy economy in this oilrich nation. Researchers are already testing solarpowered cooling systems and water desalination plants Energy Company Staff Discovered Working at Climate Ministry    Green party MP says fossil fuel giants have no place there. ...it's even more outrageous taxpayers are footing the bill.  At a time British Gas customers are struggling, it's  to make 1.4bn profits this year.  
It'll take less than 2 inches of rain by month's end to make 2012 the wettest year ever in Britain  How Britain went from a drought to a deluge Pakistan militants kill 41 in mass execution, attack on Shi'ites Abu Qatada family say they want to leave 'racist' UK  Telegraph Yahoo exits S. Korea, halts service Costa Rica moves toward national ban on hunting   Costa Rica, a tropical country known for its national parks and ecotourism, has gone one step further to protect its environment a ban on hunting. Afghans angry at US soldiers who drove away in the night leaving rent unpaid US forces left behind piles of equipment, an unpaid rent bill and a festering land dispute that threatens to undermine the Afghan government when they moved out of a volatile corner of eastern Kunar province Syrian rebels 'beheaded Christian and fed him to dogs' | THE AUSTRALIAN  Russia Sends Another Naval Ship to Syria  No reason given, but Russian diplomats say Moscow is preparing  to evacuate thousands of Russians from Syria if necessary. Indian rape victim was 'planning to marry man she was attacked with'  Telegraph Pregnant US woman Caitlan Coleman missing in Afghanistan with husband Will Egypt's Jon Stewart be stifled?  CNN.com National Trust triess to block 100m Giant's Causeway golf course  
Campaigning group challenges Donald Trumpstyle plan backed by Northern Irish politicians for 5star resort on world heritage site Pakistani Taliban execute captured policemen  At least 21 men who belonged to a paramilitary force shot dead in Peshawar by their captors, say government officials. German magazine mistakenly publishes obituary for former US President George H.W. Bush Sex, drugs and rock and roll Australia's other boom
| Reuters To save wildlife, and tourism, Kenyans take up arms. 'In a growing number of communities here, people are so eager, even desperate, to protect their wildlife that civilians with no military experience are banding together and risking their lives to confront heavily armed poaching gangs' Australia condemns Japan for whale hunt, threatens Japan with diplomatic action unless it stops 'scientific' whaling program  Tony Burke, Australia's environment minister, condemned the move by Japan, describing the claims that its whaling program is for scientific research as a joke Indian government is proposing law to put rapists in prison for 30 years, and includes chemical Castration. France, home to the largest European population of Jews and Muslims,  sees spike of violence against Jews from young Muslim men 21 Pakistani policemen found shot dead Rita Levi Montalcini, Nobel Prizewinner in Medicine, Dies at 103 Russian police free child hostage, kill seven militants in Dagestan
| Reuters Mexican navy kills 4 trying to recover drug boss' body Dead Sea Scrolls Digitally Launched As Never Seen Before By The Public (xarcheology) Pakistan lifts YouTube ban, only to reinstate it after three minutes Drone War Spurs Militants to Deadly Reprisals Iran to move airport after oil found under runway Bolivia nationalises electricity companies  20 Shiite pilgrims killed in Pakistan bus attacks Unemployment rate in France climbs for 19th month in row Eight Are Charged With Chilean Singers 1973 Murder After Military Coup No I'M the world's oldest person! Chinese woman aged 127 takes on 'young man' from Japan who is aged just 115 In the United Arab Emirates, poorly paid gas station attendants are routinely stripsearched to make sure they're not keeping any tips customers have given them. If they do, they're fired. BBC News  Bolivia takes over Spanishowned energy suppliers  Philippine president signs contraception law A familyplanning bill that was blocked by the Catholic Church for more than a decade is approved by the president. It allows government funding for contraceptives that would be made available especially for poor women. A New Player in the Narcotics Trade  Indonesia's National Narcotics Agency is concerned Iranian drug syndicates are using asylum seekers as smugglers.  Hezbollah's cocaine Jihad   Faced with dwindling Iranian funding, Shiite terror group partners with Mexican drug cartels; uses millions of dollars in drug money to support weapon acquisition habit Indian math genius Ramanujan's cryptic deathbed theory finally proved correct after 100 years National uproar over young womans death triggers public conversation about rape  in India French court throws out Hollande's tax on rich b'Spanish shopkeeper finds Homer Simpson euro ' b'Explosions rock western China' b'Women in Egypt beginning to feel conflicted regarding Female Circumcision. I hear that girls suffer but I don't want my daughters to have uncontrollable demands for sex' b'Staged propoganda photos of the Russia/Georgia conflict, courtesy of Reuters' Denmark's Energy Independence  This is How It's Done! b'Japan gets serious about immigration' b'As many as 2,000 people may have been killed and 30,000 made homeless as the chaotic conflict between Georgian and Russian forces in the proMoscow enclave of South Ossetia' b'Breastfeeding mums fill Vancouver H&M store. Protesters say breastfeeding deserves more respect as a human right.' b'South Ossetia conflict  probably the confrontation between..., Moscow and the entire West...  highly enlightening article on conflict' b'(PICS) Unrest in Georgia' b'While reddit was distracted by the Olympics, the Georgian Russian war, Bernie Mac, and the resurgance of the US dollar, the world DID NOT end thanks to the Large Haddron Collider' b'Iranian Olympic swimmer refuses to race against Israeli swimmer.  There's no place for this kind of behavior in the Olympic movement and it's a shame it continues. ' b'Massive fire at Toronto propane depot forces thousands to flee.' b'Russian Troops are Advancing towards Gori, invading Georgia proper.' If Georgia falls, Europe's hopes of energy independence from Russia fall too. b'Though he is Muslim, Ahmed said he saw no difficulty working in a kosher meatpacking plant where most of his bosses are rabbis.' Russia 'prepares to invade Georgia' b'Iraq demands very clear U.S. troop timeline' b'Tring to make some sense of the Georgia Russian war' b' Iraq demands very clear U.S. troop timeline' b'Watch live TV covering the Russia/Georgia war.' The truth about South Ossetia War, Georgia attack, and Russia's response b'Two journalists die in S. Ossetia.' b'Russia, Georgia, and the Western Alliance' b'US has invested huge sums and organized to put its own despot, Mikhail Saakashvili, in the presidency in order to close a nuclear NATO iron ring around Russia' BBC News  Why Irish soldiers who fought Hitler hide their medals The U.S. Fifth Fleet said it will not allow any disruption of traffic in the Strait of Hormuz, after Iran threatened to stop ships moving through the strategic oil route. Uruguay Senate backs bill to allow abortions Thirty war graves of Muslim soldiers who fought in World War I have been attacked and defaced in French city Carcassonne. Anonymous activist Barrett Brown We're in a state of conflict with the Government. Either we are going to jail or we're going to win. Afghan police have rescued a teenage girl who was beaten and locked up in a toilet for over five months after she defied her inlaws who tried to force her into prostitution. Israel to rally against Jewish extremism Japan leads the way in sexless love The World's Worst Human Rights Observer  As Arab League monitors work to expose President Bashar alAssad's crackdown, the head of the mission is a Sudanese general accused of creating the fearsome janjaweed, which was responsible for the worst atrocities during the Darfur genocide China bullet train crash 'caused by design flaws'  A bullet train crash which killed 40 people in China in July was caused by design flaws and sloppy management, the Chinese government says. India's Techies Angered Over Internet Censorship Plan
 Afghan child bride kept locked in toilet for 5 months for defying inlaws who tried to force her into prostitution  Venezuela is offering free surgeries for women to remove faulty Frenchmade breast implants, the country's top health official said. Cyprus announces major natural gas find Sea Shepherd Ship Severely Damaged by Rogue Wave What Really Frightens the OilRich Arab Monarchies Egypt Muslim Brotherhood vows to protect churches  A powerful political group led by the antiUS cleric Muqtada alSadr has called for Iraq's parliament to be dissolved and early elections to be held. Seven hurt as bomb hits Arabic school in Nigeria  Assailants threw a crude homemade bomb into an Arabic school in southern Nigeria's Delta state overnight, police said, wounding seven people and escalating tensions between Muslims and Christians after a spate of church bombings across the nation. Iran Threatens to Block Oil Shipments, as U.S. Prepares Sanctions Venezuela's Chavez asks Could U.S. have technology to cause cancer? For Somali Women, Pain of Being a Spoil of War Russian court is to decide whether a religious text central to the global Hare Krishna movement is extremist and should be banned, in a case that has angered Hindus around the world BBC News  US warns Iran over threat to block oil route Turkey has given permission for the South Stream gas pipeline to be built across its territories, giving the project a clear run into the lucrative energy markets of Europe. A huge explosion has hit Damascus, the capital of Syria. This is video footage of it (0.20). More in the comments. Syria Attack on military facility was a 'declaration of war' by Israel Inside Denmark's 'Fixing Rooms', Where Nurses Watch As Addicts Inject In Safety Away from public view, this safe haven for drug users has 1,000 regulars. Crime is down, the streets are safer. Could it work in Britain? Dutch Police Allowed to Hack into Foreign Servers  Netherlands govt grants hacking permission to fight online crime. The powers, which also give police the ability to install spyware, read emails & delete files, will be subject to the oversight of a judge, but critics warn of dangerous precedent. Israel may reportedly join defense pact with Saudi Arabia, UAE (India) Man rescues fiance from brothel, is later accused by police in taking part in her kidnapping. Man and woman claim police corruption. Karzai Says He Was Assured C.I.A. Would Continue Delivering Bags of Cash A recent UN survey suggested an astounding 99.3% of Egyptian women have been sexually harassed The smuggled chocolate treats of North Korea Chinese officials try to dissuade environmental protest by making Saturday a work day and holding weekendlong earthquake police drills. Syria stations missile batteries aimed at Israel Girls in Saudi Arabia to be allowed to play sports in private schools for the first time South Korean President to Visit United States  VOA Saudi Arabia Issues First AntiDomestic Abuse Advert For Women & Children Vatican Uncovers 1st Western Painting of Native Americans  Hidden for over 5 centuries, images of dancing naked men wearing feathered headdresses found while restoring 1494 fresco. The Borgia Pope arbitrated the division of New World lands between Spain & Portugal. Pakistan's women face battle for the right to vote Female activists plan to deploy protection teams to polling stations in forthcoming elections Large explosions shake Syrian capital. State TV says a military research center has been attacked Syria Attack on military facility was a 'declaration of war' by Israel Syria considers retaliation and claims alliance between Islamic terrorists and Israel Ethiopian Religious Groups Want Death Penalty for Gays Egypt mob lynches teenage son of an Islamist leader Israel launches second airstrike in Syria, targeting weapons shipment Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) plans to complete the transfer of radioactive water from leaking underground storage pools to tanks above ground at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant early in June. Egypt, Arab League condemn Israeli 'attacks' in Syria To join EU, Croatia may give up its wine in trademark dispute [xpost /r/LegalNews] Israel confirms airstrike inside Syria Sources U.S. believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria A large, unprecedentedly coordinated campaign in India has eradicated polio. If no new cases are recorded by the end of this year, India will be officially considered poliofree Engineer who warned that Bangladesh building was unsafe has been arrested; death toll from building collapse tops 500 China will not accept N. Korea as 'nucleararmed state' official Australia is suspending the export of live cattle to Egypt after video emerged showing extreme cruelty to animals in Egyptian abattoirs Obama Blames U.S. For Gun Violence In Mexico In a $100 million strategically important move to counter China, India to upgrade Iran's crucial Chabahar port. Chabahar port will give India a transit route to landlocked Afghanistan. Why are Buddhist monks attacking Muslims? Unless domestic dairy companies improve the quality of their products substantially and stop using banned chemicals, and the government tightens supervision and punishes the enterprises guilty of poisoning our children, Chinese people will not believe in domestic products. US military secrets leaked to Chinese hackers for three years Japan calls for solving N.Korea human rights issue The Japanese government held a symposium to raise international awareness of North Korea's abductions of foreign nationals in New York on Friday. Africans are beating the dreaded river blindness by capturing the black flies responsible their spread; they use themselves as bait. Chinese boat 'damaged' Philippine coral reef  AsiaPacific  Al Jazeera English Canada accuses Qatar of trying to buy UN agency China Is Censoring Jokes About Its Propaganda Machine's PenisShaped HQ 100 dead and rescuers trapped in Darfur gold mine disaster Saudi royal family sold large amounts of Dell computer equipment to the Syrian government, while selling arms to rebels Air India pilots suspended for leaving cabin crew in charge of plane while they slept in business class Report Israeli Airstrikes on Syria China's ambassador to the US warned Washington not to lift the rock off Japan only to let it drop on its own feet. Israel airstrikes in Syria BBC News  Syrians flee 'massacres' in Baniyas and alBayda Norwegian Parliament Approves Extreme Version Of SOPA, is this a real thing? Three deaths lift China's H7N9 fatality count to 27, case count remains at 128 North Korea withdraws missiles Antigay group in New Zealand, Family First, will lose its charity status  they have no public benefit A hunger strike has been going on at the Guantanamo bay prison since 90 days. More than 2/3rd of the prisoners are hunger striking. Bank of China Cuts Off North Korea Trade Bank One of China's biggest banks said Tuesday it has halted business with a North Korean bank accused by the U.S. of financing Pyongyang's missile and nuclear programs in the latest sign of Beijing's anger with its estranged ally. US returns stolen Tyrannosaurus dinosaur to Mongolia Pakistan election 25 dead after suicide bomber targets rally British politicians have said they want a cut in the price of alcohol at bars in the House of Commons  despite the price being significantly cheaper than nearby pubs Ecuador Auctions Off Amazon Rainforest to Chinese Oil Companies Irish government to formally pardon thousands branded traitors and deserters for fighting alongside Britain in second world war Why have so few bankers gone to jail for their part in the crisis? In Britain not one senior banker has faced criminal charges relating to the failure of his institution. In America, prosecutors have brought few criminal charges against highprofile bankers. Germany's Paradox FamilyFriendly Benefits, But Few Kids  It's 1 of most generous countries in world in helping women raise families, including healthcare, parental leave, daycare & tax breaks. Yet Germany has the lowest birthrate on the continent & many benefits hurt women. Thousands protest in Moscow, in attempt to reinvigorate opposition to Putin government Mayon Volcano Philippines...worlds most perfect conical volcano, just erupted. 5 climbers killed, more trapped. Syrian rockets hit Israeli territory Explosions heard near missle facility in Tehran The Clouded Leopard has been declared extinct Shopkeepers in the Indian city of Bhopal have created their own ''currency'' , In an unprecedented move faced with the shortage of  5 coins, shopkeepers here have introduced a parallel currency which they are willing to trade with Rightwing extremists shout Nazi salutes and attack a man they believe is Jewish. Blackbooted militants frighten aging Holocaust survivors. Writings of authors linked to a proNazi regime are recommended reading for school children. Hungary is seeing a rise in antiSemitism. Generation Jobless Almost 290m people under the age of 24 are neither working nor studying Israel in talks to join alliance with Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey German online editor send into prison because he refused to reveal the identity of a webpage user German police arrest 93yearold suspected of being Auschwitz guard U.S. officials had blundered into a circular firing squad. Salehi, the subject of the U.S. government's corruption test case, was also the U.S. government's intermediary for covert cash payments to Karzai. Armless artist Karipbek Kuyukov denied entry to UK because he could not give fingerprints An 11 year  old elementary school girl told to remove hockey jersey Canadian teacher's career ruined by cyberstalker exgirlfriend even after she was placed in jail and ordered to pay him damages. Not many schools want to hire a teacher who is accused of being a pedophile. No jab, no play campaign launched to ban unvaccinated kids from childcare centres and preschools Worlds first 3Dprinter gun fired  worlds first gun made using a 3D printer is successfully tested in the US by a group planning to make the blueprints available online They're taking our children  West Papua's youth are being removed to Islamic religious schools in Java for reeducation Hundreds of thousands of hardline Islamists demanding a new blasphemy law on Sunday blocked highways and fought running battles with police, leaving four people dead and hundreds injured in Bangladesh. Chanting Allahu Akbar and Atheists must be hanged Botched Kim Dotcom case spurs New Zealand to allow domestic spying 'PM John Key issued a public apology to Dotcom and a subsequent inquiry released last month found another 88 NZ citizens or residents may have been illegally spied on.' Hong Kong Risks Losing Rare Pink Dolphins  Numbers fall from 158 to 78. Tour guide spots them aiding mother hold her dead calf above water in attempt to revive it in 3rd such incident in April. Were 99% certain it died of toxins in the mothers milk, accumulated from polluted seawater. Tantrum exposes Mexican class divide. If you are born in poverty, you'll die in it too. UN Investigators Say Syrian Rebels  Not Assad  Used Sarin Gas 'Catholic mafia' inside NSW police force hindered police probe into child sex abuse special commission. BBC News  Barnet Councillor Brian Coleman admits parking row attack An exConservative mayor has admitted attacking a woman as she filmed him parking illegally on a street where he had helped introduce unpopular parking charges. Paul Hellyer, former Minister of Defense of Canada, addresses current Canadian Goverment Cabinet Members and asks for Full Disclosure of the fact that ET's are currently living on the Earth and working with the US Government. Says it is time the public is made aware. Malaysia election sees record turnout Ruling coalition wins majority extending its 56year rule, officials say Vultures in the French Pyrenees took less than 50 minutes to devour a tourist who fell when trying to take a shortcut. 'only bones, clothes and shoes left on the ground' UN Rebels, not Assad, appear to have used chemical weapons Israel says Google's 'Palestine' page harms peace hopes Police take 16 yearold girl into custody for dressing inappropriately Hunger rises in Great Britain Mexican journalists' sons killed; seven bodies found near Mexico City Indian shop owner, passionate for education, runs school for poor kids under a railway bridge South Korea rejects North demands  Seoul describes Pyongyang's conditions to restarting the Kaesong Industrial Complex as 'incomprehensible' Most sexual assault victims have little faith in justice system survey Australia Defends Live Animal Export Trade After Shocking New Footage  Insists regulation is at alltime high. A bloodied bull is seen being attacked with a knife repeatedly stabbed in the face & cut across the legs before collapsing in a pool of blood. Other scenes show inept kills. MI6 'handing bundles of cash to Hamid Karzai' World War II hero honoured in Canberra  saved the lives of up to 100,000 people during the Holocaust Last rhinos in Mozambique killed by poachers 2yearold girl gets windpipe made from stem cells Japan and Russia want to finally end World War II, agree it is 'abnormal' not to New Zealand says no to bizarre baby names 4Real, Juztice and Lucifer Split up or son will be expelled, school tells lesbian couple Legally married South African couple said they were called to a meeting with the principal of Secunda Highveld Christian School and were told their homosexuality was problematic Between $21 trillion and $32 trillion of private wealth is held in secret offshore tax havens, according to leaked data. By comparison, the gross world product in 2012 was $83tn Thought to be a myth, an 8th century B.C. Egyptian city, Heracleion, was found sunken 150 feet underwater. Pew Study Muslims across the globe tend to be deeply committed to their faith and believe that it should shape not only their personal lives but the societies they live in Antigravity gets first test at Cern's Alpha experiment Sony CEO and 39 other executives give up bonuses in unprecedented gesture 'to atone for a slump in its embattled electronics unit' Last 15 Rhinos in Mozambique Killed by Poachers Helped by Park Rangers  30 rangers charged with involvement in the shootings. 180 out of 249 rhinos in Kruger National Park slaughtered since Jan. BBC News  Airliner 'had narrow miss with UFO' US Boeing 747 crash in Afghanistan  Huge Explosion (VIDEO) Morocco's police is looking for an atheist activist He is wanted for creating the Council of exMuslims of Morocco and stating there is no God but Mickey Mouse. India's total population is 1.21 billion, final census reveals Garbage shortage looms in Northern Europe Mt. Fuji poised to get World Heritage status The number of people killed in the collapse of a factory building on the outskirts of the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, has passed 400, officials say. UK ministers are preparing to spin off 'dozens' of stateowned services into independent companies in what could be one of the largest privatisation programmes since the 1980s Third of children born in UK have foreignborn parent; white Britons will be a minority by 2066 Mexico's Congress has passed a major reform, in an attempt to make the country's telecommunications industry more open and competitive. Obama preparing to send lethal arms to Syrian opposition, officials say The horrific chemical weapons attack that probably wasnt a chemical weapons attack. A recent strike in Aleppo led Syrians to think chemical warfare had broken out. But a closer analysis reveals something different. Measles Epidemic in Wales Has Roots in Antivax Movement Venezuela brawl 22 hurt in parliament fight between lawmakers | World | News World Cup sponsors urged to bail over 'horrific' treatment of workers in Qatar ThePirateBay.se and PirateBay.se have been seized A US appeals court has ruled that YouTube should be allowed to show the uploaded film 'Innocence of Muslims' that sparked outrage in the Arab world in 2012. Child abuser sentence reduced because 6 year old victim had been already abused before A Turkish woman who has been taking part in a talent show on national TV has been shot in the head while rehearsing at her home in Diyarbakir, a conservative region in southeast Turkey. Ms Kaya had reportedly received death threats for singing on the show, Sesi Cok Guzel. 'Homebrewed morphine' made possible  Scientists have figured out how to brew morphine using the same kit used to make beer at home. They have genetically modified yeast to perform the complicated chemistry needed to convert sugar to morphine. Campaigners say 3,000 workers will die before the 2022 World Cup in Qatar Bloody, nightmarish scenes Between 100 and 200 killed in carnage aboard abandoned migrant boat, says survivors who made it to Indonesia China is planning the firstever landing on the far side of the Moon Billionaire Russian businessman found dead outside UK, Surrey home could have been poisoned Retired Fisheries and Oceans Canada biologist says the muzzling of federal government scientists is worse than anyone can imagine Steve Campana, known for his expertise on everything from Great white sharks to porbeagles and Arctic trout, says the atmosphere working for federal government is toxic. Oxford University rules out investing in coal and tar sands. The university, one of the worlds oldest and most prestigious, follows over 200 other organisations who have banned some investments in fossil fuels because of their role in driving climate change. Moscow Admits Two Fighters Captured in Ukraine Are ExRussian Soldiers Kerry Internet 'Needs Rules to Be Able to Flourish and Work Properly', Calls for more international Internet laws Surrogate father who abandoned baby with down syndrome in Thailand (while taking the healthy twin) tries to access charity funds donated to raise the abandoned boy in Thailand. Saudi Arabia Is Hiring 8 New Executioners  Saudi Arabia is advertising for eight new executioners, recruiting extra staff to carry out an increasing number of death sentences, usually done by public beheading. Nigeria Women and girls captured by Boko Haram subjected to mass rape Isis seizes Ramadi Battle now is to defend the road to Baghdad Trident whistleblower William McNeilly claims it is easier to enter sensitive nuclear weapons installations than 'most nightclubs' Cuba says conditions 'favorable' for restoring ties with U.S. The socalled interests sections in Washington and Havana would be upgraded to embassies if diplomatic ties were restored. South Korea's New Law Mandates Installation Of GovernmentApproved Spyware On Teens' Smartphones Australian cattle being killed with sledgehammers in Vietnam. Vision obtained by animal activists allegedly shows cattle being hit repeatedly to the head to stun them before slaughter, or being killed directly by the sledgehammer blow. Computer Program to Trawl Social Networks for Russian Opposition Plans A proKremlin political center has unleashed a computer program that would trawl social networks for chatter about planned unauthorized gatherings and report its findings to Russian authorities Australian Islamic State recruits want to return to Australia; government has so far denied request Two schoolgirls abused by 60 men in Aylesbury child sex ring, court hears Tribes vow to fighttothedeath to save Amazon rainforest Two Chinese kindergarten students die after rival school poisons yogurt No news is good news No successful Somali pirate hijackings in nearly a year. Suicide No. 1 cause of death for younger people in South Korea Rat meat sold as lamb in Shanghai China arrests 900 over 20,000 tonnes of tainted meat products and fox, mink and rat passed off as mutton Killer robots that can attack targets without any human input should not have the power of life and death over human beings, a new draft U.N. report says. A lawmaker from Greece's extremeright Golden Dawn party allegedly tried to punch the mayor of Athens on Thursday, swinging at him but reportedly missing and hitting a 12yearold girl instead. 'The civil war in Iraq has already begun' Politician claims conflict has started and warns it will be worse than Syria How Israel is squeezing the Palestinians out of their own land No one should be jailed in secret, says top judge  Lord chief justice issues urgent guidance to judges following court of protection's imprisonment of Wanda Maddocks US calls for immediate release of Kenneth Bae from North Korean jail SATs cancelled in South Korea due to continued leaking of questions. First Richard III, now Roman cemetery found under Leicester, UK car park. British fighters in Syria UK to withdraw the passports of those suspected of involvement in terrorist activities abroad who might return with enhanced capabilities to launch attacks at home China's People's Daily newspaper mocked over its new, phallic headquarters Hospitals regularly save money by medical repatriation of undocumented workers, whereby an unconscious patient is flown to their home country without their consent. 'Appalling irresponsibility' Senior scientists attack Chinese researchers for creating new strains of influenza virus in veterinary laboratory New evidence from NASA modeling study that global warming may increase the risk for extreme rainfall & drought. Rogue Economists Champion Prosperity without Growth phasing out the 'totalitarian consumerism' that gives people desires that, until recently, they didn't even suspect they would ever have. Footage of a Massacre in Tivoli Gardens, Jamaica Guatemala state of siege declared as Army, police crack down after protests against Canadianowned mine 'Burglar' found stuck in chimney after several weeks Google 'recognizes' Palestine Prosecutor in Bhutto Killing and Mumbai Attacks Assassinated in Pakistan The world's most widely used insecticide is devastating dragonflies, snails and other waterbased species, a groundbreaking Dutch study has revealed. 40 Chinese troops erect 5 tents 19 Km inside Indian territory and have a banner which reads you are in Chinese territory 64 percent of Muslims in Egypt, Pakistan support death penalty for leaving Islam Bankers struggle to live on 1million a year Italys First Black Cabinet Member Bombarded With Racial Slurs, Insults From Far Right Congolese monkey, Zulu and the black antiItalian Brazil Catholic Priest Excommunicated For Defending Gay Rights Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff All oil royalties collected by the state should go into public education funding The FBI's role in 'manufacturing' terrorism Egyptian newspaper claims Jews drink Egyptian blood The Walt Disney Company has ordered an end to the production of its branded merchandise in Bangladesh, and other retailers are considering similar moves, after a factory building collapse left more than 400 dead. Conman James McCormick jailed for 10 years over fake bomb detectors  He sold the models to Iraq, Belgium and the UN Pope Francis Condemns 'Slave Labor' In Bangladesh 'Goes Against God' Guantanamo Attorney Found Dead in Apparent Suicide Police in the Greek capital Athens have stopped the farright Golden Dawn party from handing out free food only to Greeks on the city's main square. Riot police used tear gas to prevent activists distributing food from a lorry on Syntagma Square, where the country's parliament is located. Poll 40% of Palestinians support suicide bombing Why are Buddhist monks attacking Muslims? Bolivian President Evo Morales orders expulsion of USAID We may be a small country, but we deserve respect Turkey is testing blood samples taken from Syrian casualties brought over the border from fighting in recent days to determine whether they were victims of a chemical weapons attack. Many in Muslim world want sharia as law of land survey Israel welcomes Arab League's 'land swap' position Sohel Rana Most Hated Man in Bangladesh  To build Rana Plaza, he bullied landowners & ultimately took their property by force. His political allies gave him a construction permit, despite his dubious claims of title to the land, & a 2nd permit to add upper floors, likely destabilizing the building. Disgruntled Arab states look to strip Canada of UN agency Bombers turn up too late for rally A murderous plot by radical Islamists to launch a gun and bomb attack on hundreds of people attending a rightwing rally in the UK failed after they turned up too late Lawyer who drafted White House drone policy says US would rather kill suspects than send them to Cuban detention centre US Labor Department Website is being Operated by Chinese Hackers and serving Malware Canada Aboriginals Reject $960 Million Petronas Gas Deal. An aboriginal group along Canadas Pacific Coast turned down Petroliam Nasional Bhd.s offer of C$319,000 ($267,000) for each member as compensation for building a natural gas export terminal on ancestral lands. North Korean defense chief NOT executed. South Korea redacts earlier statements about the execution. A Navy nurse who refused to force feed prisoners on hunger strike at the U.S. base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is no longer facing an administrative discharge over his protest, his lawyer said Wednesday House votes to stop NSA's phone data collection Isis Proxy Leader Abu Alaa al Afri, who Stepped in for Injured Baghdadi, 'Killed in Airstrike' Malaysia and Thailand turn away hundreds on migrant boats An estimated 6,000 Rohingya Muslims and Bangladeshis are stranded at sea as southeast Asian nations turn back refugees Researchers estimate over 80% (16 million) of gay men in China marry women due to social pressure Effective from tomorrow, Emirates SkyCargo will not accept any kind of animal Hunting Trophies for carriage on Emirates services Female Indonesian military applicants receive 'twofinger' virginity tests to recruit 'best people' Honeybees dying, situation unheard of A Canadian Conservative Politician Was Actually a Performance Artist Playing a DecadeLong Prank French bar owner charged after man dies drinking at least 56 shots Ancient Palmyra under threat by IS Vietnam Goes Shopping for U.S. Military Hardware to counter China Thousands sign petition calling for north of England to be part of Scotland Saudi Arabia Promises to Match Iran in Nuclear Capability At least 45 killed in factory fire in Philippines  CNN.com Israel 'disappointed' after Vatican officially recognizes Palestinian state Experts demand end to immunity for UN peacekeepers over sex abuse. Ottawa wants Omar Khadr declared adult offender for throwing grenade in Afghan firefight  killing American medic  when 15 years old case in Supreme Court EU plans migrant quotas, Britain opts out  The EU announced a plan on Wednesday to distribute asylumseekers more fairly around its member states and take in 20,000 more refugees, but Britain's newly reelected Conservative leaders rejected any quota system imposed from Brussels. Philippine factory fire Death toll rises to 72 Czechs stopped potential nuclear tech purchase by Iran sources | The Czech Republic blocked an attempted purchase by Iran this year of a large shipment of sensitive technology useable for nuclear enrichment after false documentation raised suspicions, U.N. experts and Western sources said. The three Baltic states, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, will ask NATO leadership to deploy a permanent brigade in an effort to deter Russia Indian government may block apps which violates net neutrality NASA Finds Antarctic Ice Shelf a Few Years From Disintegration ISIS leader, Baghdadi, says Islam was never a religion of peace. Islam is the religion of fighting. It is the war of Muslims against infidels. Banks want assurances from U.S. regulators that they will not be barred from certain businesses before agreeing to plead guilty to criminal charges over the manipulation of foreign exchange rates, causing a delay in multibilliondollar settlements Scientologists are in Nepal trying to 'heal' trauma victims Luxembourgs prime minister on Friday becomes the first serving leader in the European Union to marry someone of the same sex, and only the second worldwide  and all in a tiny, mostly Catholic country often considered rather conservative. AIDS expert flays Kremlin, says Russia's HIV epidemic worsening and at least two million Russians are likely to be infected in about five years. Missing US Huey Helicopter found destroyed in Nepal China reduces emissions equivalent to entire UK output over first four months of 2015. Coal consumption in China fell by almost eight per cent from the start of the year to the end of April, with CO2 emissions dropping five per cent during the same period compared to the same time in 2014. Medicine Hat becomes the first city in Canada to eliminate homelessness. The cartiresize opah is striking enough thanks to its rotund, silver body. But now, researchers have discovered something surprising about this deepsea dweller It's got warm blood. That makes the opah (Lampris guttatus) the first warmblooded fish every discovered. PayPal has blocked an account set up by Russian opposition activists to raise funds for a report alleging Russian military involvement in the Ukraine war, citing the political nature of the donation campaign Peru reopens probe into mass sterilisations  A top law enforcement official in Peru has ordered the reopening and expansion of a criminal investigation into the alleged forced sterilisation of thousands of indigenous people Brazil beef industry pledges cut Amazon deforestation rate in half Facebook tramples on European privacy laws Belgian watchdog Several Young men were put in jail for three months in Mosul; released with a warning that next time they will be beheaded...Isis says for Muslims shaving beard is Haram Google to begin testing purposebuilt selfdriving cars on public roads  Small electric 2seater pods will take to public roads  but must be fitted with a removable steering wheel and pedals, & limited to 25mph Palmyra is in danger. As Islamic State fighters clash with Syrian government forces around the historic site, it is worth considering what the loss of this wonder, dubbed the Venice of the Sands, would mean for the world's cultural heritage. Russia to prosecute 'undesirable' foreign organisations. Indias Military Cannot Fight Wars Lasting Longer than 20 Days A recent report by the Indian government points to an ammunition crisis in the India Army. THE US consulate in Melbourne has warned citizens that a terrorist attack in Australia is highly likely Japan recognises Niue as a country with 1,611 inhabitants Ayatollah Speaks to Teachers, Who Chant Death to America! Death to England!...Death to Israel! Mozambique police seize 1.4 tons of poached rhino horn and ivory US and Cuba to hold talks on opening embassies Poland Makes Payout to Alleged Victims of CIA Renditions Candidate with no votes demands recount because he voted for himself Over 1000 Japanese Citizens Band Together To Sue Their Government Over Participation In TPP Moroccan King Mohammed VI has ordered that laws restricting abortion be loosened, allowing it in the case of rape, incest, danger to the mother's health or fetal malformation Former Egyptian president Mohammed Morsi sentenced to death. Turkey arrests 8 of its own soldiers after they intercepted trucks that were smuggling arms to Jihadists in Syria Mysterious Caribbean Shipwreck Identified  Wreck full of sword blades, scissors & mule shoes turns out to be the 'Nuestra Seora de Encarnacin', a Spanish ship that sank in 1681 during a storm. Very few Spanish merchant naos have ever been found & even fewer found in such amazing condition. Venezuelan currency tanks; inflation seen near 100% Law changed to allow UK surveillance agency GCHQ to hack citizens' computers while GCHQ was hauled into court on those exact charges. New Zealand legally recognizes animals as sentient beings Trade Agreement Could Limit Access to Medicines Leaked Draft Contains Language that Could Delay the Entrance of Generic Competition for MuchNeeded Medicines and Keep Pharmaceutical Prices High [TPP] Nepal's rhino numbers rise steadily thanks to antipoaching measures  Countrys population of endangered onehorned rhinos now stands at 645  up from 375 in 2005 Investigation shows Ukrainian leader Petro Poroshenko may have used his presidential influence to shut down investigations into damage of a protected historic site caused by unauthorized construction on his private property in central Kyiv High Line for Seoul South Korea's capital city will an convert an abandoned elevated highway in the heart of the city into a 55foot high public park Putin statue hanged on a cross in front of former KGB headquarters in Riga Pope Francis calls Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas 'angel of peace.' Canada reneges on emissions targets as tar sands production takes its toll A new pledge to cut greenhouse gases by 30% from 2005 levels by 2030 is less ambitious than previous goal and lags far behind US and EU targets Four teenagers suspected of stealing penguin babies in Norway The Israeli government will pay $3,500 grants to African refugees to encourage them to leave the country, it has said. MIDEAST  Turkish F16 shoots down Syrian regime aircraft Chinas Amazonian railway threatens uncontacted tribes & the rainforest  Environmentalists sound alarm over plans to construct 5,300km route between the Atlantic & Pacific oceans to cut transport costs Nepal Army All 8 Bodies Found at Crashed US Marine Chopper Nearly half the dolphins in Japan's aquariums are caught using a controversial fishing method that sees dozens more slaughtered every year Russia's economy falls in first quarter as woes mount Russian rocket carrying satellite crashes in Siberia Tory MP avoided child sex abuse trial in 1970s Canada's police begin wearing body cameras. If an interaction with the public is not recorded when it should have been, the officer may be subject to a discipline process. UK government quietly passed new legislation that exempts GCHQ, police, and other intelligence officers from prosecution for hacking into computers and mobile phones It Only Took Four Months For China To Achieve A JawDropping Reduction In Carbon Emissions ...a reduction in emissions thats approximately equal to the total CO2 emissions of the U.K. over the same period Chechnyas leader gives approval for 46yearold police chief to wed 17yearold girl in forced marriage Saudi jets target and destroy 1200 year old historic mosque and 13th century castle, among other Yemeni heritage sites Ecuador breaks Guinness reforestation record, plant 6,47,250 trees in a day Trident whistleblower says nuclear subs are insecure, unsafe and 'a disaster waiting to happen' Wikileaks releases BNDNSA inquiry transcripts of 'unclassified sessions' | Wikileaks has published transcripts of unclassified sessions of the Bundestag inquiry into the BNDNSA colloboration. The leaked documents show discrepancies between public and private sessions of the inquiry. Syria army pushes ISIS back from ancient Palmyra, There was no damage to the ruins, says antiquities chief Mamoun Abdulkarim French mayor expelled for claiming Islam will be banned from France by 2027 US Christians bankrolling no campaign in Irelands gay marriage referendum Ancient city of Palmyra is falling to ISIS. Large sections of the city have been seized. 2,000 year old temples, shrines and ruins are likely to be destroyed if ISIS takes the city. NASA 10,000yearold Antarctic ice shelf will disappear by 2020 Six U.S. Marines Killed in Helicopter Crash Over Nepal Identified Birds have fundamental rights, can't be kept in cages Delhi High Court India announces $1 billion credit line to Mongolia Spiders Rain Down On Australia Millions Reportedly Descended The United States slammed Gambian President Yahya Jammeh on Saturday for unconscionable remarks, after the West African leader reportedly threatened to slit the throats of gay men in his country Massive protests in Southwestern China over railway project. Videos and pictures show violent clashes with police Shellfish species shrinking as rising carbon emissions hit marine life Biologists warn that hundreds of species could die or weaken as growing levels of CO2 make oceans more acidic and disrupt shell formation India and China sign $22bnworth of deals as Modi ends visit Emirates Airlines Joins Ban on Hunting Trophies of Lions, Rhinos, and more. Islamic State militants 'smuggled to Europe'  Libyan official tells the BBC News Peru, Brazil, China Roll Ahead With Transcontinental Railway will cut across the Andes and connect port cities in the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of South America. Expected to reduce the cost of exporting agricultural goods from Brazil to China, and bring new business to Peruvian ports. Ruthless $570PerChild Traffickers Exploit Nepal Tragedy Chinese billionaire Li Jinyuan takes 6,400 staff on holiday to France. 92% of Married Women in Egypt Have Undergone Female Genital Mutilation Skynet is real.The NSA named one of its topsecret programs Skynet. New US fighter jet on course to becoming one of historys biggest white elephants  The UK considered buying 150 F35s from the US, but not one plane is combat ready as costs soar. Cuban samesex couples 'wed' in march for LGBT rights led by Castro's daughter The last great regions of pristine wilderness  from Asia to the Amazon  are threatened by an unprecedented roadbuilding programme financed by aggressive development banks with little interest in protecting the natural world, a leading environmental scientist has warned. Raul Castro This Pope's So Impressive, I Might Return to Church. Police Arrest President of SelfDeclared Liberland, Newest Micronation Global CO2 level surpasses 400 mark, poses serious environmental threat NOAA NSA asked its German counterpart BND to spy on Germany's technology giant Siemens Paraguay man arrested in rape of girl, 10, who became pregnant Paraguayan law bans abortions except in cases where mother's life is in jeopardy. Health minister says girl's life isn't at risk, and that government will oversee her prenatal care Protesters clash at Downing St gates during rally against new Tory government 8yearold boy smuggled into Spain inside suitcase found in 'terrible' condition Ecuador Reforestation Day to Break Guinness Record for TreePlanting Slave Escapes After Being Chained At The Neck To A Desk In Mexico For More That Two Years Tinnitus connected to multiple areas of the brain, scientists find EU draws up plans for military attacks on Libya targets to stop migrant boats Deaths in detention centres rise. Despite prosecution reports of inhumane conditions in police stations, detainees continue to die in custody China, Russia agree to jointly build hydropower plant Solomon Islanders kill more than 1,600 dolphins for their teeth  Residents of a village where dolphin teeth are used for currency killed 1,600 of the animals in 2013 alone, & researchers are calling for urgent monitoring Three fresh tremors hit Nepal as death toll crosses 8,000 UN Strikes on Yemen's Saada breach international law | UN envoy says indiscriminate bombing of populated areas violates international law, as coalition continues raids. As U.S. withdraws from Afghanistan, darkness falls on Talibans birthplace A $300 million American military project to bring electricity to the Afghan strategic city is falling apart before it ends An armed group attacked special forces police Saturday in a town in northern Macedonia in a clash that killed five police officers and injured more than 30, officials said, amid a political crisis that has raised concern about the stability of the Balkan nation Indian Prime Minister Modi launches 3 mega social security schemes, says they are meant to empower the poor Internet Traffic from Syria Just Disappeared Peru says no to GMO the first country in the Americas to ban genetically modified foods, putting its food policy closer to that of Europe, than the US or many of its South American neighbors Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel Ecuador to sell 3 million hectares of rainforest to Chinese oil interests France 'rejects' Bob Dylan for Legion of Honor award because he smoked pot and objected to Vietnam war Russia Not to Tolerate Further Israeli Attacks on Damascus North Korea will no longer be rewarded for provocative behaviour, US President Barack Obama has said at a joint news conference with South Korea's leader. Elephant Slaughter Underway at DzangaNdoki National Park in Central African Republic. It turns out that Stephen Hawkings cancelled trip to Israel is not a matter of boycotting the Jewish state, but rather merely a result of his health Dalai Lama condemns Myanmar attacks on Muslims A Final Embrace The Most Haunting Photograph from Bangladesh's Building Collapse. Google reactivates Speak2Tweet for Syrian Internet cutoff Several dead as Italy ship crashes into tower Uk gorvernment set to destroy DNA samples that can be used to solve cold cases A judge on Tuesday ruled that Chevron Corp's chief executive must testify in the U.S. oil company's fraud case against Ecuadoreans seeking to collect on a $19 billion judgment against Chevron related to rainforest pollution. [xpost from /r/LegalNews] Scientists are making plants into light sources Belgium says 31 detained in $50m diamond heist. A fault in optical fibre cables is to blame for Syria's continued internet blackout, local staterun media said. Ray Harryhausen, master of stop motion animation dies. Assad's forces capture strategic town in southern Syria [Xpost /r/NewsCrowd] Generation J(obless) A Quarter Of The Planet's Youth Is Neither Working Nor Studying Chinese Turn to White House Website for Help with Petitions Israel has collected some 1,000 DNA samples from African migrants, but denies creating database  Israel Police commander admits migrants charged with infiltration in order to obtain samples, says authorized to do so in order to identify offenders with no other identification. Syrian militants capture UN peacekeepers in Golan Heights President Assad says he can face Israel as Syria loses access to internet Earthquake strikes again  felt in India and Nepal. 7.1 magnitude on richter scale. Colombia Will Stop Spraying Monsantos RoundUp On Their Cocaine JP Morgan Chase, Barclays, other banks likely to plead guilty over manipulation of foreign exchange rates Pakistani military officials name the exISI officer who gave away Bin Laden's Location to CIA for $25 million [UK] David Cameron appoints antigay marriage MP to be minister for equalities Third secular blogger hacked to death in Bangladesh Ananta Bijoy Das, a Bangladeshi writer known for advocating science and secularism, was hacked to death by masked men wielding machetes while on his way to work Tuesday morning. This is the third fatal attack on secular bloggers this year. Families give their minor daughters to ISIS in exchange for protection in Libya Sri Lanka to become the first nation in the world to protect all its mangroves More than half the worlds mangroves have been lost over the last century but all of those surviving in Sri Lanka, one of their most important havens, are now to be protected in an unprecedented operation. Pakistanis Knew Where Bin Laden Was, Say US Sources  NBC News 'Substantial' El Nino event predicted Utter nonsense' CIA and White House blast Seymour Hershs explosive Osama bin Laden raid story Greece has been invited to become a member of the development bank of the BRICS economies, including Russia and China, which is seeking to become a counterweight to the IMF, a government source said Monday [11 May 2015]. Kim Jong Un ordered his aunt executed, defector says India suggests US set up National Human Rights Commission Gambian President Says He Will Slit Gay Men's Throats in Public Speech Man plotted cyanide attack because he felt 'belittled by society' for having ginger hair Antibioticresistant typhoid is spreading across Africa and Asia and poses a major global health threat, warn experts. Germany's BND intelligence agency sends mammoth amounts of phone and text data to the U.S. NSA each month. Citing confidential documents, Die Zeit Online reported on Tuesday that of about 220 million pieces of meta data gathered per day, some 1.3 billion pieces per month go to the NSA. Swedish neoNazi party dismantles as support drops Nemtsov report 220 Russian soldiers died in Ukraine battles ExC.I.A. officer sentenced for leaking a secret operation to disrupt Irans nuclear program to a Times reporter Swedish Supreme Court rules against WikiLeaks' Assange EU asks U.N. to OK military action on migrant boats Honors for Ukrainian nationalists anger their victims  in Poland  CSMonitor.com Japan struck by 6.7 magnitude earthquake. After shocks expected. President Barack Obama''Palestinians deserve an end to occupation'' Vatican officially recognizes 'state of Palestine' in new treaty Time has come to reexamine cannabis prohibition, Israel's police chief says Developing reports claim that Pakistan's army not only knew where Osama bin Laden was hiding, but complicit in protecting him since 2006 Tory officials threatened BBC during election  senior BBC executives faced repeated threats of farreaching reforms if they didnt change election campaign coverage Pope God will judge you on whether you cared for Earth BBC reporting a coup in Burundi has effectively removed President Nkurunziza. 40 shia muslims gunned down by gunmen in a bus in Pakistan. Chancellor Angela Merkel is set to face further political embarrassment over Berlins spy scandal following new revelations that US intelligence planned to obtain unlimited access to Germanys main internet cable networks in its attempt to achieve saturation surveillance. A district of 5 million people in Chinas restive far west has demanded that residents hand in their passports to the police for indefinite safekeeping, the latest government crackdown in an area where Beijing has declared a peoples war on violent separatists. David Cameron is to set out a string of new powers to tackle radicalisation, saying the UK has been a passively tolerant society for too long | The bill will include new immigration rules, powers to close down premises used by extremists and extremism disruption orders. More than 5,000 people have signed a petition calling for the north of England to secede from the UK and join Scotland Sea Level Rise Is Happening Faster Than Anyone Thought  The study, published Monday in Nature Climate Change, found that sea level rise has been speeding up over the past two decades compared to the rest of the 20th century. This contradicts previous satellite data dating back to 1993 Letting Shell drill in Arctic could lead to catastrophic oil spill, experts warn | Lack of local infrastructure to undertake oil exploration will prove devastating, environmentalists say  there is one road, no rail system and limited air facilities Isis Jihadis using Passports Stolen from Westerners to Travel to Syria. An Illinois resident, claimed that she along with her husband was visiting Paris, when their passports were stolen. Her passport was found from an Isis safehouse in Syria New York Times correspondent backs up Sy Hersh claim about how the US really found bin Laden Former European leaders call for change in EU policy on Israel | Europe must hold Israel to account for the way it maintains the occupation, says letter from former prime ministers and diplomats Dawn Spacecraft Images Reveal Ice Rinks on Ceres  The presence of exposed ice on Ceres would be a surprise, because ice should be unstable on the dwarf planets airless surface, turning from a solid into a gas and drifting into space rather than sticking around. Iran summarily executed 98 people in a month U.N. report Greece taps out its emergency IMF reserves  to pay back IMF Malaysia says it will turn away migrants stranded at sea unless boats are sinking Rights group Human rights under Palestinian rule worsened 10 Chinese Arrested For Killing Giant Panda, Selling Parts Strong 6.8magnitude earthquake hits northeastern Japan