 Nim Chimpsky The tragedy of the chimp who thought he was a boy (and proved that humans were not humane)' Canada Beware slippery slope' to censorship, hearing told  EU VicePresident Luisa Morgantini and the Irish Nobel laureate, Mairead Corrigan, have been tear gased and injured by the IDF while attending the International Conference on Nonviolent Resistance' Israeli minister Israel will attack Iran if it doesn't abandon its nuclear program Albino Killings in Tanzania. At least 19 albinos, including several young children, have been killed in Tanzania in the past year. [video] ' Chiapas army occupies Zapatista communities in antidrug ops' Polar bear swims 200 miles, is shot dead upon arrival' News is a contraband item in Pakistan now, and it is being sold on the black market,' Albinos, Long Shunned, Face Threat in Tanzania where witch doctors are now marketing albino skin, bones and hair as ingredients in potions that are promised to make people rich.' Town in Britain Plans to Start its Own Currency' BBC reporter among 16 dead in Afghanistan' Lebanese women still vulnerable to violence existing legal framework violates international human rights law because it fails to protect women from domestic violence' Police release chilling images of man left for dead by hitandrun driver' Iceland opens Europe's largest national park. The 15.000 square kilometer (5792 square mile) Vatnajkull National Park.  Citizens fighting Blackwater Potrero. Was the location chosen so they can train cheap Mexican soldiers or so they can perform extraordinary rendition from a partner facility in Mexico' S. Korean protesters, police clash in beef ralliesdon't want US beef... Oil reserves 'will last decades'  a BBC Scotland investigation has been told Cameras designed to detect terrorist facial expressions' Israeli peace activists protest 41 years of occupation' A 5.1 earthquake hits China's Southern Qinghai province. Man goes berzerk in Akihabara and stabs everyone nearby 6 dead, 12 injured ' Threat of world AIDS pandemic among heterosexuals is over, report admits' Angst in Ankara Turkey Steers into a Dangerous Identity Crisis' UK Identity cards 'could be used to spy on people' and a new children's database may be used to identify likely future criminals. Has covert surveillance gone too far? Marriage, they said, was reduced to the status of a commercial transaction in which women could be discarded by husbands claiming to have discovered hidden defects in them.' United States quits Human Rights Council' Pentagon blocked Cheney's attack on Iran 'J Street,' a new liberal Jewish organization, hopes to challenge AIPAC's influence over U.S.Israeli affairs Former Ambassador Joseph Wilson [The U.S. Military is] proselytizing not on behalf of the Constitution of the United States . . . but rather on behalf of some sort of fanatical view of end times' EU leaders anxiously await Irish verdict on Lisbon Treaty. Ireland, the only country allowed a referendum will vote on June 12th. '  17 Hit or Stabbed, 7 Confirmed Dead in Tokyo's Akihabara Treaty tensions mount as Iraq tells the US it wants all troops back in barracks' Council paints over street artist Banksy's graffiti murals  worth a fortune! Finders keepers can get complicated when half a billion dollars and lawyers are involved' Chew Qat In Yemen, 72 per cent of men and 32 per cent of women chew qat for two to six hours a day' One of UKs most experienced and decorated special forces soldiers has quit the army after criticising the government for risking soldiers lives by failing to fund troops and equipment.' A bitter struggle between two powerful Beltway terrorism analysts has broken out as to whether Al Qaeda is still alive and well.' Jailers at Guantanamo urged to destroy interrogation notes lawyer' 80% UK Laws Now Made In Brussels and the UK Parliament has no power to reject or amend them. Few voters realize how many powers have been, or are about to be, transferred elsewhere.' Virgin Media UK working with record industry to spy on and threaten downloaders' 35 Ukraine miners trapped underground  threat of rising water' Bilderberg attendee Geithner calls for global bank framework' Jos Manuel Barroso bullies the Irish, saying that there will be a price to pay if Ireland rejects the Lisbon Treaty.' Don't worry everyone, AIDS is officially over! What if Bush Attacks Iran on His Way Out of Office?' Future of the United States of Europe in the Hands of Ireland ' 'Military coup' in Zimbabwe as Mugabe is forced to cede power to generals  Rising Oil Prices Spark Strikes in Spain and a Saudi Call to Meet' Chvez to FARC Asks to end armed strugle, The guerrilla war is history and that time has come to free all of the hostages' Fliers in for pain as airlines pack it in' Oil shortage a myth, says industry insider' Israel launches 'Iran Command' for war Petition Calling for an Investigation into 9/11 was Read Into Record of Canada's Parliament Today Canadian HRC Tribunal forces pastor to publicly renounce his religious beleifs' US and EU threaten to freeze Iranian assets unless uranium enrichment program is halted' Thousands of UK homeowners face negative equity' 31 year old beats 3 year old to death worst case of abuse' White House Saying Senate Doesn't Get to Vote About Permanent Iraq Bases because its a Treaty ... A Treaty with WHO  Iraq's U.S. Installed, Occupied, Puppet Regime?!' Man escapes North Korea after 33 years' The 14yearold Afghan suicide bomber' Zimbabwe 'run by military junta' Former British Prime Minister Falsely Linking Iraq to 9/11 was Misinformation... We do have something to fear  the total loss of privacy to an intrusive state with authoritarian tendencies' College Drinking and Heart Problems' What? Tens of Thousands Protest Sale of US Beef in S. Korea for Fear of Mad Cow Disease?' Bush U.S. and EU must bond to press Iran on nukes' Shanghai Composite tumbles 7.7 percent ' Olmert Hints That U.S. Attack On Iran Is Near' Is Israel planning on using nukes in its next war? ' USS Liberty  New Revelations in Attack on American Spy Ship' World's first church unearthed in Jordan  Corruption in Ukraine allows epidemic to reach crisis point' Bush Discusses Iran Sanctions With EU Leaders' Tibet and the Olympic `tradition' Saddam tribe leader murdered in Iraq' Law creates underclass of child criminals' BBC uncovers lost Iraq billions' War Criminal George W. Bush not Welcome in the U.K.' Offensive Speech US says it's free, others disagree' Bush/Cheney Plan Demands 58 US Bases In Iraq, immunity from prosecution for U.S. troops and private military contractors, and will allow U.S. troops to remain in the country indefinitely.' Grocery refuses to sell Jack Daniels barbecue sauce (2% alcohol) to 25yearold without ID' On farewell tour of Europe Bush steps up threats against Iran' Pakistan Blames U.S. Coalition for Troops' Deaths Senior intelligence officer leaves top secret terrorist files on train If Al Qaeda truly were as dangerous as our lying leaders paint them, we would be so fucked...' Food for schoolchildren was ordered to be given to backers of President Robert Mugabe, the U.S. ambassador said.' Cuba's City Gardens Flourish and 70% Of Vegetables And Herbs Are Organic.  The European Commission has pledged to support open standards and promote interoperability, to avoid vendor lockin of European governments to any one technology' China's list of Olympic don'ts Blogging in Singapore a hazardous business' Iraqis Denounces American Demands for 60 Military Bases' Africa World Leaders Begin Debate On Crop Use for Biofuels, Food' Iran 1st in Middle East stem cell research'  Set a Guinness World Record, Enjoy a Better We France blocks online child porn, terrorism, racism' Race for Life coming to Czech Republic' They're Killing Us Darling. They Really Are. Since the people running the show have been found to be lying, merciless psychopaths then there are no limits to the evil they will do. OPEC Supports SaudiBacked Oil Summit' A major and twelve Pakistani soldiers martyred' Turkish PM court must explain headscarf ruling' crazy fitness tools from 1860  ' 2 US Lawmakers say computers compromised by Chinese ' Did US attack Pakistan last night? Pakistan fury at deadly US strike ' If U.S. or Israel drops a bomb on Iran, it will shut down Gulf oil exports by launching a barrage of missiles on tankers in the Strait of Hormuz and Arab oil facilities' Top Secret documents on AlQaeda left on a train by a 'very senior intelligence official working in the Cabinet Office'.  Documents found by passerby and handed to the BBC Seoul protest that started over allowing possible mad cow (CreutzfeldtJakob Disease) in beef threatens to topple government. (Why dont WE care?)' 'Jewish settler attack' on film  Cult of Scientology has disabled man from Plymouth arrested (Stuart Wyatt)' No one knows the longterm carrying capacity of planet Earth for humans, absent cheap fossil fuels, but its likely a lot fewer than 7 billion. The implication is not just sobering; its paralyzing.' Robert Mugabe is stealing food aid from the hands of children, and giving it to political supporters. Does this guy have any semblance of humanity left?' Huh, the American establishment has a LONG history of being incredible dicks to enemy combatants (dating back to WW2)' Marine Mean Motari gets expelled, another punished over puppy throwing video' American Aid Is Seized in Zimbabwe' US offers pledge of $10.6bn for Afghanistan' What a great country.' United Airlines to Charge for Checked Bags' Zimbabwe's military is actively involved in running Robert Mugabe's reelection campaign. Chinese are naming children Olympic Games' Pentagon released video of a controversial air strike in Pakistan' 4 dead, 40 hurt as tornado hits Boy Scout camp' Islamic Cleric Issues Fatwa Condemning Gambian President's Gay Genocide Footage of deadly US airstrike' British MP to resign, seekrelection in defence of civil liberties!' John McCain believes that it would be a good thing to have a longterm military presence in Iraq as long as casualties are down. Wouldn't that make us conquerors or occupiers? China & Taiwan reopen talks' Estonian parliament approves EU Lisbon Treaty, Still Waiting on Ireland' Ukranian Women Strip in Protest' it only took two planned attacks in Germany to persuade a majority of the population to support a massive dismantling of civil rights' UK MP Resigns to launch a oneman crusade against the Government's plan for suspected terrorists to be detained for 42 days without charge. German Papers Say 'Many Have Lost Faith in America' Because of Bush 'Jewish settler attack' on film. Footage from a video camera handed out by an Israeli human rights group appears to show Jewish settlers beating up Palestinians in the West Bank. US Army fraudulently alters armor test results!' Zimbabwe is going to shit even more  Opposition leaders arrested.' Fallujah Babies Suffer Unprecedented Deformities' A sign of things to come?  Spain's trucker strike cripples the nation. Comparison of how many days you can be held without charge in seven different countries. Way to go UK!' Mexico and Spain Presidents Reject Embargo Against Cuba and say in joint conference it hasn't worked Mugabe stripped of US degree' Insurgent attack frees hundreds from Kandahar prison. 1,710 Taliban now roaming the streets of Kandahar City. ' Hundreds of Taliban militants escape from prison in Afghanistan' While Bush Admin is insisting on Abstinenceonly sex ed, Iran   yep, the one with the so called Mullahs  has been distributing free condoms & needles to fight AIDS for years now!' ..it is Mugabe who is finding it difficult to come to terms with the reality that he is no longer popular  this is why he is now threatening war.' Textbooks at a private Islamic school in northern Virginia teach students that it is permissible for Muslims to kill adulterers and converts from Islam, according to a federal investigation ' 'If you want to help Iran, don't attack'  interview with the Iranian human rights lawyer Shirin Ebadi, who was the country's first female judge U.S. Media Blackout On Bilderberg 2008' Written on the Bodies of Children The Reality of War (Caution  disturbing images)' Drought in Ethiopia has caused food shortages, killed livestock and more than doubled the number of people needing urgent humanitarian aid to 5 million' Lisbon Treaty (European Constituion) rejected in Ireland  Tallies indicate No victory in Lisbon vote' Israeli settlers throw stones at Palestinian boy, then steal his donkey. Compassion Zionist style' Gadhafi Obama fears Israel will assassinate him like it did JFK' the nuclear powers including the United States, France and Britain  should prepare to use nuclear weapons [...] to prevent the acquisition of nuclear weapons by a nonnuclear state' E.U.'s New Rules Forcing Changes By U.S. Firms and require companies to demonstrate that a chemical is safe before it enters commerce  the opposite of policies in the United States McCain Slams Supreme Court's Guantanamo Ruling, Calling It One of the Worst in History' What women find erotic Looking at a naked man walking on the beach is about as exciting as looking at landscapes. Women find naked women more arousing. ' Palestinians barred from Dead Sea beaches to 'appease Israeli settlers' A jury in Quebec has acquitted a man of firstdegree murder in the deadly shooting of a Laval police officer who raided his home last year.' The Times makes 200 years of newspapers online available' Japanese are now required to have their waistlines measured and must be below 35 inches. What if this happened in America?' EU Dictators May Ram Through Lisbon Treaty Despite Irish Rejection' Tiny teenager from India is smallest girl in the world1ft tall only!' We don't have a clue where he is or even may be, the Western analyst said. We have had NO credible intelligence on Osama bin Laden since 2001.' German Papers Say 'Many Have Lost Faith in America' Because of Bush So Much for Improvement in Iraq Militia Leader alSadr Calls For New Offensive Against US Forces' Ukrainian female students stripped off in protest over hot water' EU referendum Czech president says Lisbon Treaty project is over' In Canada, the government will take your children if you hold unpopular beliefs' See for Yourself Eyewitness Testimony from 9/11 [vid]' Mugabe vows the opposition will never lead Zimbabwe and threatens civil war. Meanwhile his rival for the presidency is rearrested. ' Prostitution  Unheard of During the Taliban's Rule  Is Now Common in Afghanistan 340 Taliban militants escape after Kandahar prison is attacked with car bomb and rockets' Popularity of palm oil pushing orangutans towards extinction? Producers resist movement to force food manufacturers to list palm oil on product labels' EU leaders vow to press on with treaty after defeat' 6.9 earthquake rattles Japan ' Bill Presses Iraq to Recognize Israel' President of Jewish National Fund's Florida zone arrested on prostitution charges in connection with a Craigslist sting New Israeli homes are 'unlawful'  Palestinian leaders have criticised Israeli plans to build more than 1,000 new Jewish homes on occupied land in East Jerusalem.  European Lobbying Transparency Cyber Action' How is impeachment a front page story in Le Monde, while barely being covered in the top tier main stream media of the US? A great Gore Vidal article with some excellent comments.' Get Osama Bin Laden before I leave office, orders George W Bush' Bill Moyers Journal The National Intelligence Agency is issuing a contract to spy on players of massive multiplayer online games like World of Warcraft and Second Life.' In May, more US and allied troops were killed by guerrillas in Afghanistan than in Iraq' Ireland Punishes the EU for Constitution Trick (They should add a Bill of Rights. That is what it took to get the US Constitution approved.)' Congressman Nadler Senior American officials ought to go to jail for this' Maliki calls U.S. demands unacceptable' Americas Prison For Terrorists Often Held The Wrong Men' Now they can lock you up indefinitely' Pair of reporters interview 66 former Guantanamo detainees' Britain's military says soldiers can wear their uniforms in London's gay pride march Nuclear Weapons Blueprint shared with the Axis of Evil by Pakistani Scientist. Is this Bush`s smoking gun? ' Saudi Arabia's oil minister on Sunday will address reports that the world's largest oilproducing country is set to raise production by about 500,000 barrels per day. 2 US Professors speak in Israel The proIsrael lobby in the US is leading the charge for attacking Iran and damaging US interests.' World's Most Expensive Real Estate Markets #1 is London and #8 is Manhattan... If Bin Laden is Still Alive and Still a Threat, and if Bush is All About Winning the War on Terror, Why is Bush Only NOW Showing ReFound Interest in Killing Him?' Experts astounded at the high rate of imprisonment in New Zealandalmost twice that of most western European countries' President of Afghanistan threatened Sunday to send troops to Pakistan to fight Talibans for the prison operation that liberated hundreds of fighters' Covering the Beijing Games? Expect to be Censored' The Institute for the Investigation of Communist Crimes in Romania' Afghanistan threatens to invade Pakistan.' Real people 1, Eurocrats 0 (after extra time)' Drugs cartel led by woman turns Mexican town into shooting gallery' Bush urges British PM Brown not to set Iraq pullout timetable' Karzai Threatens to Send Forces Into Pakistan'  Iran withdraws $75 billion from Europe' Lithuania has rejected the idea of sending Germany an invoice for occupying the country during WW II. Instead, Lithuania is demanding cash from Russia for forcing it into the Soviet Union in 1940' Israel pressed to reveal why army killed cameraman' People were understandably annoyed at being smashed over the head in their own country at the request of a foreign security service' Russia Father identifies missing son in neoNazi beheading video' Guantanamo routinely held the wrong men.' What you dont see on CNN IOF Shoot Live Ammunition on Peaceful Protest' Repressive governments are arresting record numbers of bloggers for speaking out online' Weird  Bin Ladens son aspires to be peace activist' RED ALERT Talibans on the offensive have taken control of eight villages and are marching toward Kandahar city.' Blueprint for nuclear warhead found on smugglers' computers 17 Reasons Why Bicycles Are the Most Popular Vehicle in the World Today' We are very happy with the food crisis. Why? Because we produce a lot of food, and our problem has been the market. (WTF?)' RFK Jr. warns Canadians about corporate media' Protesters chant George Bush terrorist and Arrest George Bush as Bush dines with rupert Murdoch' Satellites Document War, Destruction From Outer Space' Who leaked the details of a CIAMossad plot against Iran?'  Iraq takes a turn towards Tehran' Russia's 7 wonders announced Why Americans Are No Longer the Tallest People in the World' Man gunned down as he stomps a toddler to death' Want to understand the conflict in Central Asia?  Cute chibi countries can help!' Out of Panic Grows Muddled Thinking  the US Airlines Industry | from the hip' Refugee forcibly deported from Australia to China is tortured, then commits suicide.' Austrian cellar wife returns to dungeon ' Poll  World trusts Ahmadinejad more than Bush to do the right thing regarding world affairs.' Egypt achieves truce between Israel and Hamas leaders, will go into effect within three days' New Amsterdam smoking ban doesnt apply to marijuana, you will be breaking the law if you smoke a tobaccobased joint ' Swedes take to the street to fight domestic spying' Guantnamo has proved a useful distraction from the secret detention camps run by the US around the world' London Police Attack Bush Protesters with Truncheons' Fifth severed foot found on Canadian coast' Hamas Says It's Reached CeaseFire Truce With Israel Undercover BBC reporter in Zimbabwe encounters feared Mugabe supporter' Report U.S. Gave Green Light For Taliban Prison Attack' West Bank 'attackers' arrested Vibrant London demonstration against George Bush attacked by police' Top 5  Worlds Smallest Cars' So much for not talking to terrorists' Wind Power Blows into Peru and Brightens Future' Israel and Hamas agree to Gaza truce' Shame on US Refugees from Iraq, Afghanistan Make Up Half the World's Total Reports UN Ahmadinejad to OPEC Dump weak dollar' Fifth severed foot found on the British Columbia shoreline!!' A backlash is brewing against Beckham and his fellow band of famous Lakers fans, whose prime seats cost up to $20,000 each' Time travel could be possible in months' Iran Attack More Likely as Bush Pretends to Use Diplomacy?' BREAKING Car bomb kills more than 50 Iraqis in crowded marketplace' Iran Withdraws $75B from European Banks to Prevent Seizure' Serbia rejects Kosovo's constitution Norway passes law approving gay marriage' Saddam Hussein succesor surfaces, gives interview despite the $10 million U.S. bounty on his head and outlines the resistance strategy' Wikileaks Gets Hold of US Counterinsurgency Manual that advocates detainment without charge, suspension of habeas corpus, employing terrorists, and false flag operations ' When Trains are Faster than Airplanes' Zimbabwe's voters told choose Mugabe or you face a bullet Am I a Torturer? a soldier asks himself' Guantanamo detainees were tortured, medical exams show' Way To Go, White House  Gitmo Now a Terrorist Networking Spot' Muslim man insults prophet Muhammed, sentenced to death in Pakistan' MEDICAL examinations of former terrorism suspects held at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and Guantanamo Bay found evidence of torture and other abuse that resulted in serious injuries and mental disorders' Kuwait wants to outlaw Xboxes and ban Christmas, do away with the Arab world's version of American Idol, and keep female drivers off the roads. Then what, U.S. military bases too?' Japan Times Member of Japanese Parliament Takes 9/11 Doubts Global' NYT Exposes Fraud of Bushs Generous Offer to Iran' South Africa has ruled that Chinese South Africans are to be reclassified as black people' Petrol strike UK garages start to run out of fuel' Three doctors resign over keeping 84 year old man alive' Man gets death sentence for blasphemy against Prophet Mohammad' Now Bono is Challenging Sarkozy for failing to live up to commitments' Indian army chief calls for development of Military Space Command to counter China' The son of former UK PM Margaret Thatcher help organize an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea. The plot was approved by the CIA, big oil, South Africa and Spain. ' Bush goes to UK and they release Bin Laden's righthand man. Is this coincidence? Russian Military Tests Weather Manipulation seeding clouds...' Iran in defiance says will never suspend its enrichment of uranium' Indianorigin man jailed for illegal tech export' Wiretapping Bill Passes Swedish Parliament, 143 to 138' Sounds of Silence  Islamic countries have found the ideal forum to muzzle free speech the U.N. ' Chinese people now classified as black' AP shocked Iran sentenced 177 juveniles to death during the past decade...ignores the fact that the US currently has 78 juveniles on death row' European Union agrees to lift sanctions on Cuba' Finally, the U.S. MegaBases in Iraq Make the News' House Resolution Calls for Naval Blockade against Iran' Amnesty More than 1,000 unaccounted for in Tibet after demonstrations against Chinese rule' Fragile ceasefire begins between Israel and Hamas but Islamic Jihad fires 40 rockets and mortars from Gaza' Four oil giants to return to Iraq Exxon Mobil, Shell, Total and BP' Latest Canadian foot was a hoax' Onethird of people shot by Taser need medical attention' Japanese warship on first postwar China visit' Swiss TV in German anthem blunder' World Population to Hit 7 Billion in 2012 But Growth Slowing' Egyptian troops keep murdering African refugees ' ExState Dept. official Hundreds of detainees died in U.S. custody in Afghanistan, Iraq, Gitmo, Etc., at least 25 murdered' Nigerian rebels attack deepwater oil facility, stopping 10% of Nigeria's oil output. They also capture US Capt. Jack Stone of a Tidex oil ship.  UK is the world largest arms dealer. Suck it USA' Mexico freezes prices on 150 food items becouse of rising inflation and civil discontent' Hundreds of Taliban killed in Afghan battle Kandahar governor' The young men were told the winter camping trip was part of a Muslim religious retreat, not a terror training exercise as the Crown has alleged in documents submitted to court' UK and Danish Rules of Engagement for Iraq 2006  Wikileaks' The Chinese have over $1.5 trillion in U.S. dollar reserves, and when China talks, the U.S. better start listening' European Union voted to allow undocumented migrants to be held in detention centers for up to 18 months and banned from territory for five years' Sweden deals a crushing blow to the right to privacy. Where are my secrets safe anymore? ' Defying U.S., EU scraps Cuba sanctions' 7 Terrible Abuses Suffered By Women Around The World' Dad reports son to police when he finds bullets, wanted son to go to prison for 2 years.' Dear Israel, Please don't attack Iran.  Thanks, An American Jew How Iran would retaliate if it comes to war' US Israeli military carried out Iran war practice drill' Martha Stewart denied Visa to Vist Britain' The UN Security Council has voted unanimously in favour of a resolution classifying rape as a weapon of war' Story of pure evil sevenyearold boy eaten by cannibal relatives' EU Lifts Sanctions on Cuba' Harrased Iran Student Arrested A female Iranian student who alleged she was sexually harassed by her university's vicechancellor is herself arrested.' Highland Sword dance ban due to new legislation designed to control the carrying of knives (France was like that before the revolution.)' Anglican Church Splits Over Gays, African Church Leaves Main Body' Pakistan Man sentenced to death for insulting Islam' Fattest nation in the world Australia' Israeli maltreatment of Palestinian captives and political prisoners has reached unprecedented levels of brutality, according to lawyers, human rights groups and newlyreleased prisoners.'  Ahmadinejad says enemies tried to kill him in Iraq' ISRAEL MILITARY EXERCISE DIRECTED AT IRAN...' UN denounces rape as weapon of war' Chavez threatens to stop oil exports to Europe over treatment of immigrants' Japan gripped by 'poison gas' suicide epidemic... China's athletes pushing themselves to limit causing some to risk HEALTH... Park Manager in Peru Claims That Uncontacted Amazon Tribe is Not Threatened By Logging and Is Not Peruvian' IAF's Bombing Rehearsal On Iran, Reported. THAILAND Condom use not catching on among youth' History Channel's documentary on Echelon, the NSA's top secret, worldwide, warrantless spy system that has been around for decades U.K. to Begin Microchipping Prisoners' Pensioner, 81, ordered to remove flat cap as he has a quiet pint  because it's a security risk Mugabe's men bring rape and torture to Harare suburbs Vietnam Lingering effects of Agent Orange' The Lisbon Treaty and the massive contempt of the ruling class for British voters' Venezuela Threatens to Cease Oil Sales to EU' UN warns attack on Iran will spark 'fireball' in Middle East  UNICEF severs ties with Israeli mogul over his funding of settlement building in the Palestinian territories.' UK Freedom Of Information A third of all Freedom of Information requests rejected' The US has lost its throne as the world's fattest nation...  Iran says Israel a dangerous regime' Israeli jet exercise is warning to Iran over nuclear facilities, Pentagon says' Israelis 'rehearse Iran attack' Thai PM to face noconfidence vote' Nigerian rebels ask foreign workers to leave oil installations' Aboriginal leaders have threatened to ban tourists from one of Australia's top landmarks in protest at what they describe as racist government policies Israeli warplanes have conducted what U.S. intelligence analysts say was a dress rehearsal for a strike against Iran's nuclear facilities UK tops world table of weapons sales  Controversial deal with Saudi Arabia catapults Britain to top of last year's world arms export league The 'Surgical ReVirgin' Retrofitting women to make them sexually attractive and marriageable is more than a Hollywood fad. It's life or death for many.' Turkey Thousands demonstrate against bid to ban ruling party which has been accused of trying to install an Islamist regime' 12 dead in stampede in Mexico ' Judge's statement halts Euro treaty ratification in UK This is your captain speaking there will be a threehour delay in our arrival in New Delhi because the runway is invested with meterlong lizards, antelope and hyenas' Militias Rule Nigeria's Oil Output; President Yar'Adua Speculates on Nuclear Energy  Mugabe rival quits election race ' Tiny Shetland island declares independence' War Against Islamic Extremism Is Being Lost in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Central Asia resulting in immense hatred for the US army and America, hatred that penetrates all classes of society ' The Doomsday Code Scary British documentary examines Christian endtimers and their growing political influence.' AP  Everything seemingly is spinning out of control' Why China is trying to colonise Africa' Newsweek The Booze Is Back in Baghdad; men are shaving their beards; women are wearing jeans and taking off their headscarves; couples are holding hands in public' The ugly truth behind the Iraq and Afghanistan wars finally has emerged  These Wars Are About Oil, Not Democracy' Palestinians Angered Over Obama's Opinions on Jerusalem  Palestinian leaders reject his call for Jerusalem to be Israeli capitol Secret of the 'lost' tribe that wasn't Tribal guardian admits the Amazon Indians' existence was already known, but he hoped the publicity would lift the threat of logging Iran says an attack by Israel is Impossible while ElBaradei claims it would turn the region into a fireball' Italian Court Blocks Construction of U.S. Military Base' NATO General We need 6000 more troops to gain trust among the Afghan population or the situation will get worse' Journalist 'reported own murders'  Israel 'committing memorycide' Blackwater Demands  its contractors in Afghanistan be tried under Islamic Sharia lawyou know, the legal code of the Taliban.' Mugabe, in cunning play for worst government of all time medal, assassinating Zimbabwean grassroots leaders.' Israeli troops accused of abuse' The body of the wife of Harare's newly chosen mayor was found Wednesday, her face so badly bashed in that even her own brother only recognized her by her brown corduroy skirt and plaited hair Philippine Titanic Sunk in 15 minutes, hundreds dead, only four survivors' Is Al Qa'ida in pieces?  Zimbabwe opposition to pull out.' Mideast could burn if Iran attacked ' The Long Emergency James Kunstler predicts the current global gas crunch in this insightful and sometimes hilarious 2005 interview.' Attacks in Nigeria force oil companies to suspend production' The Real State of Iraq American television is little interested in the massive disaster inflicted upon Iraq by Washington. If You Are, Read this.' Sunday 46 Iraqis Killed, 79 Wounded' Russia plans railroad link to Japan' Howard Zinn An illustrated people's history of the US empire 'Mugabe has declared war  we will not be part of that war' | Opposition candidate in Zimbawe pulls out of presidential election saying he is not prepared to ask people to die by voting for him. Pirate Bay looks to disrupt new Swedish law' Former UN Ambassador John Bolton Israel will strike Iran after the US election, but before inauguration.  Predicts Arab states will be delighted.' Border Patrol agents are checking the citizenship status of travelers passing through by bus and train every day in New York, deporting immigrants.' The fear instilled in me by the army all but dissipated once I was simply a tourist strolling through the town.. the more weaponry and protective gear I carried, the more terrifying the place became..' New sanctions on Iran' Pele gets robbed, reveals his identity to the robbers. they give back some of his stuff' Federal Air Marshals Face Criminal Charges' Nation's Spies Climate Change Could Spark War Can`t we submit positive news? Roadside bombs decline in Iraq by almost 90% over the last year Helped by 7,000 new heavily armored vehicles and thousands of exinsurgents contracted by Iraq forces' U.N. Year ahead looks bleak for Darfur' Why U.S. foreign policy is hatred in Mideast The Imperial 'Justice' of the Haditha Massacre is like mafia`s organized crime French President Nicolas Sarkozy has called for an end to Jewish settlement construction on Palestinian land, in an address to Israeli MPs. ' Jesus in China Christianity's rapid rise is reshaping the officially atheist nation, its politics and the way many Chinese view the world. Record corn prices mean more expensive meat, dairy' Pele robbed of his jewellery at gunpoint by street gang' Burka wearing weatherwoman stirs huge controversy in Belgium' Kite flying is banned in Pakistan because.of cultural, religious and safety reasons. ' They outdid German Nazi and Italian fascists' Swedish government adopts invasive wiretapping measures' Military abuses rise in Mexican drug war. The US Senate votes this week on a $465 million aid package that includes oversight of Mexico's military and courts. A Gloucester busspotter is forced to abandon his 40yearold hobby of snapping pictures of busses and trams because security kooks keep calling him a terrorist and even a pedophile.' The Best Cure for Anxiety Disorder...... Marijuana!' Palestinians fire mortars, violate truce' Macedonia crime reporter who covered a mysterious series of murders turns to be the killer himself' Police rape of Afghan boys ignored'  China Demolishes Mosque for NOT Supporting the Olympics' The UK has one CCTV camera for every 14 people. Now new intelligent cameras will be able to pick up conversations.' Girl missing since 1983 was kidnapped on Vatican archbishop's orders, police told Israel uproots centuries old olive trees in the Bethlehem region to construct the separation wall.' Gangs out of control' Israeli soldier kills himself during farewell ceremony for Sarkozy' BBC Interview with McCains Vietnamese captor But I can confirm to you that we never tortured him. We never tortured any prisoners.' NASA warming scientist This is the last chance...' Iraq Kidnappings, torture, and arbitrary detentions pervade the daily lives of Iraqis. Violence against women and girls, including rapes and killings in honor crimes, is on the rise.' The Failed States Index 2008  Ranking, Map, The best and the Worst, etc'  Bomb kills 4 Americans at Baghdad council meeting' Malaysian city bans lipstick for Muslim women' A child's words still ring true 16 years later. A 12 year old entreats the UN to change their ways in this moving speech [vid] US Broadcaster Fails To Reach Arab Audiences  Have we failed at winning the Mindshare or we have not tried hard enough?' Grim scene Rescue divers found many decomposing corpses floating inside the capzised ferry in Philippines' Obama's Speech to AIPAC Is Your City Going to Be Bottled WaterFree? A new resolution from leading U.S. mayors shows that more cities may be ditching the bottled stuff in favor of tap. ' Russia may be willing to go to war to stop Georgia NATO bid' Update on the people of the Former Soviet Union Kids are increasingly not learning Russian and choose to learn English instead.' US may open diplomatic outpost in Iran' Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe's militia burn opponent's wife alive 12 Underage partygoers die trampled as cops block only exit in a Mexico City club. Cops appear on video beating up anyone who tried to leave. (YTVideo)' Poll 77% of Israeli Arabs would rather live in Israel than in any other country in the world' Could Britain become a dictatorship?' For centuries, in the closedoff and conservative society of rural northern Albania, swapping genders was considered a practical solution for a family with a shortage of men.' Iranian commander says Shock and Awe awaits attackers' Australias Muslim community demands that polygamous marriages be legalized. For the sake of women. ' More Mad Cow in Canadian Beef. (I wonder how many they miss. They never find any in US beef. Cause they make sure not to test it.)  ' Darfur Activists It's Embarrassing the US Doesn't Outlaw Crimes Against Humanity' Another Canadian man executed by Taser. Because he was a combative male.  ' Here's that Brilliant Documentary about How Monsanto is Screwing Everybody! Man is accused of terrorism and pedophilia  because he took pictures of buses' USA says it will ignore the result of Friday's presidential runoff election in Zimbabwe Sexabuse suit claims that Catholic Church, under instructions from the Pope, had a policy to keep sexabuse allegations against priests secret, with excommunication as the penalty.' Ahmadinejad pledges to prove U.S. planned to assassinate him' Ha'aretz reports that antiChristianity toward messianic Christians in Israel is now so intense they can't worship safely without armed protection.  12 year old boy rescues 2 year old girl from 200 foot deep crevice in Nepal' Tsvangirai Send in the UN peacekeepers now' In an arabic language interview, IAEA chief Mohamed ElBarade publicly stated for the first time that Iran is six months to a year away from the ability to produce an atomic weapon.  ' Global suicide rates have increased by 60% in the past 45 years' You wont see most of this on TV Bombs Iraq, US troops killed, political violence' CBS Video Israel Rehearses Iran Attack ' Pictures of Mugabe Election Violence [warning disturbing]' Iranian General Armed forces is equipped with cuttingedge military warfare enabling it to instantly respond any attack against the countrys nuclear facilities' Zimbabwe socialists `Only united mass action will defeat Mugabe!' Zimbabwe's President Mugabe stripped of knighthood Bush asks congress to lift key North Korea sanctions and remove it from the U.S. terrorism blacklist.' US wars have bred a generation of angry young men fuelling alQu'eda, according to new report' US removes its nuclear arms from Britain' Nelson Mandela ends silence, blasts Zimbabwe's Mugabe Whole Iraqi family of six wiped out by a US air strike.' Muslim countries have won a battle to prevent Islam from being criticised during debates by the UN Human Rights Council' The government plans to test 25% of the adult population for paedophilia Yet another cynical, New Labour ploy to pretend they are dealing with a problem, when they are not' Blackwater affiliate company urges use of Sharia law in American court' The U.S.led war on drugs in Southern Afghanistan is undermining the war on terror. It's absolutely conclusive, McDonald said. In a shocking turn of events, the war on plants is failing.' The Vatican today angrily rejected the accusation that a former official was behind the kidnap and murder of a 15yearold girl who was killed and 'thrown into cement mixer' Military facing $100B in equipment repairs' StateSponsored Terror British and American Black Ops in Iraq. Shining Light on the Black World' Russian Cheerleaders (or maybe hookers on a basketball court) [pictures]' Bloody Day in Iraq Bombs kills 40 and this suggest that Al Qaeda is not a spent force' Tiny Luxembourg community produces 90% of its own energy [video]' Mexican Soldiers in tac gear, armed with assault rifles, were hired by drug cartels to perform assassinations in US and admit they were prepared to kill Phoenix police, but ran out of ammo' After 32 Victory for Germany Turks and Germans Party SidebySide' Women can't stand onenight stands Exxon WINS...a lesson to American Oil Consumers...our demand causes this!' Mandela condemns Mugabe 'failure' Law enforcement flexes its Websnooping muscle as a quartet of teen rapists is brought to justice.' North Korea Hands Over Accounting of Nuclear Work. U.S. to Takes Them Off Terror List' Mexican Government Forced Men to Have Vasectomies ' From Canada Court ruling said that four Canadian officials appear to have violated international humanrights laws regarding the treatment of detainees at Guantanamo Bay ' Lebanon No food, no water, no sleep, no toilet, until we signed a confession. They used electrical torture, water torture and they tied our hands behind our backs and lifted us.' N.Y. millionaire gets 11 years prison for enslaving workers' Italy It has been proposed that all gypsies be fingerprinted. Berlusconis government has targeted them and their camps have been raided by police and attacked and burnt by vigilante mobs. '  North Korea blows up nuclear reactor tower' An Indian man who rescued an abandoned bear cub to help his daughter overcome her mother's death has been jailed for it. The bear, put in a zoo, refuses to eat.  Echoes of Great Depression as Dow takes another dive. OPEC says that oil could hit $170 a barrel over the summer. ' Nearly 7,500 people have died in official custody in India over the past five years, according to a report by a human rights group. Nearly all the deaths, it says, were the result of torture.' The Fruit Police Strike Again  Market trader's kiwi fruits are 1/25th inch too small and must be destroyed. Sarkozy tightens his grip on France declaring he will appoint the head of French state TV. He already has TV baron friends who lean on, censor or even sack journalists who displease him.' Tsvangirai rejects 'shamallot  Zimbabwe election an exercise in mass intimidation. ' Citizenship law makes Israel an apatheid state' MPS say no to genital mutilation, 18 is minimum marriage age, juveniles cannot be punished as adults' Taliban slit throats of U.S. spies in Pakistan' The Queen and the Royal Family have cost the UK taxpayers 40m (~$80m) during the last financial year  up 2m on the previous 12 months.' 10 of the Most Important Economic Events of the Last 10 Years Collapsing the Economy in the Buildup to World War III' Undersea Trafficking Colombia's Cocaine Cartels Learn a New Trick Revolution From Prisoner to the Worlds Moral Authority  Nelson Mandela' One of Mr. Tsvangirais most senior aides, Tendai Biti, was freed Thursday on bail of a trillion Zimbabwean dollars, or about $90.' London Mayor Boris Johnson drops London United Against Racism tagline from Europe's biggest antiracism festival. The man is an idiot.' EU forces market trader to pulp thousands of kiwi fruit because they're ONE MILLIMETRE too small Air India pilots hit snooze button, overfly destination ' MI5 revealing areas at mercy of collapsing dams is a terror threat' Rogers Canada releases the worst plans ever created for the iphone' Oil tops $140 a barrel' Zimbabweans refuse to vote and spoil ballot papers, despite Robert Mugabe's violent threats. 11 year old girl allowed abortion after being raped by uncle, while Christian fundamentalists threaten against it. What kind of sick fucks want an 11 year old to bear a child forced onto her?' Bush is trying to impose a classic colonial status on Iraq. US efforts to force Iraqis to swallow permanent vassal status and give up control of their oil echoes British imperial history' Former Dutch prime minister accuses Israel of terrorism, of brutal treatment of the Palestinians, violating international law and implementing racist policies.' 1,000 people suffer horrific burns from 'toxic' leather sofas  (from China) India ready to nail it's last hallmark of quality, the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT).  The faculty for IIT will be appointed based on caste rather than qualification.' OPEC There is more than enough oil in the market to meet the international demand, devaluation of Dollar is the problem, and prepare to $170 a barrel before the end of the year' Why does democracy take priority over freedom?  Mugabe illustrates the difference' Rioters torched a police building and vehicles in southwest China on Saturday, in unrest triggered by allegations of a coverup over a girl's death 'We Could Do it Today' Israel Prepared to Use Force Against Iran The Ultimate Iranian Weapon Against U.S.' In a world with too many people Italy is paying some of them $15,000 to have babies but in some places the birthrate is so low that the population will be halved in 45 years. ' Info on animal rights arrests in Austria where the state is trying to destroy a very successful animal rights movement by locking up the leaders without evidence and using antiterrorist laws. ' European press leaks US military reports on nuclear weapons safety' Iraqi officials outraged by U.S. raid in prime minister's hometown Class Struggle and Resistance in Zimbabwe' In Yemen girls are married at 8 or younger, influenced by Mohammeds marriage to a 9yearold. Finally there is some movement against forcing little girls into marriage to pedophile husbands. ' As more people grow their own produce in response to the credit crisis the food in their gardens is being stolen.' This US Barbecue Restaurant Owner Serves as Unofficial Liaison to North Korea' Human costs of new India rail link' Envisioning a world of $200abarrel oil LATIMES' Dad of Serb goon's punk pal brags feds will never nab jock for brutal beatdown Russia joins the war in Afghanistan (Why now?)' Israelis Beat & Torture Gellhorn Prize Winning Journalist' World Powers Say OneMan Zimbabwe Vote a Sham ' Jailed and Tortured Fighting for Free Speech' Eightyear old boy doesn't invite 2 classmates to his party.  Is reported by his school to the Swedish parliament for violating their rights. 10,000 people riot in China over alleged police coverup of young girl's death U.S. Escalating Covert Operations Against Iran  Report'  China's OneChild Policy Leads to Nation of Angry Men Seymour Hersh The Bush Administration steps up its secret moves against Iran.' UK Parents banned from ferrying children to sports matches unless they have had criminal records checks' The birthrate in European countries drops well below the replacement rate  that is, an average of 2.1 children born to every woman  the declining population will first be felt in the playgrounds.' US special forces raided a Shite town on Friday killing a relative of Iraqi PM Maliki, the resulting diplomatic crisis is growing.' Rural British gangs move into the oil business. Tankers tailed by petrol thieves.' Public relations gone wrong French soldiers fire real bullets into crowd' Israeli Soldiers Assault, Abuse and Torture Palestinian Journalist. Award Winning Omer Arrives in Gaza Unable to Speak' Mexicans plant 400,000 trees to protest border fence' Robert Mugabe henchmen backed by Barclays' West Bank torturers funded by Britain' U.S. sailor stationed at Sasebo faces arrest for raping fellow serviceman's wife (Sasebo is near Nagasaki, Japan) Gay pride marches in Europe marred by homophobia' As a result of pollution, algae has overtaken the sailing venue for this summer's Olympic Games For Nelson Mandela it takes an act of Congress to remove terror label' President Mugabe wins runoff, sworn in' Iran is digging 320,000 graves to allow for the burial of enemy soldiers in the event of any attack on its territory' Canadian governmental study group Let foriegn companies own domestic ones, and turn Canada into another Mexico' How the global food crisis was created' Occitania  the Languedoc region  the country that never was' Hopeline  1.800.SUICIDE' Schoolboy stabbed to death, England's 32nd teenage murder victim this year. Surge in extreme violence called a health emergency.' President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have rejected findings from U.S. intelligence agencies that Iran has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bom House Resolution Calls for Naval Blockade against Iran. The measures called for in the resolutions amount to an act of war.' Spain wins Euro 2008.' Food Prices 20072008 In one year, beans increase 64%, lentils 147%, wheat 80%, celery 106%, eggs 28%, etc.' Cop Body Slams 44YearOld Woman' Israeli spy caught and sentenced in Iran' EU Constitution author says referendums can be ignored. He also admitted that the Lisbon EU Treaty had been carefully crafted to confuse the public. ' Not a Surprise U.S. Advisors to the Iraqi Oil Minitry played an integratal part in the new oil contracts about to be awarded to Western companies.' Shooting demo in France uses real bullets instead of blanks, injures 16' USNATO Deaths Higher in Afghanistan Than in Iraq During June' Brazil Raids Illegal Ranches, Gives Cattle To Poor' Lloyds gives credit cards to children without telling the parents You dont need chains these days to tell the masters from the slaves (You only need Mastercard)' Is White House Blocking Search for Bin Laden?' Israel swaps Samir Kuntar (and other prisoners) for soldiers' remains Operation Cannonball Details about the hunt for Bin Laden and the debate inside the Bush Administration.' A military shooting demonstration in south east France has left 16 people wounded, after real bullets were used instead of blanks.' Sy Hersh US has been preparing the battlefield in Iran with clandestine operations for months' Oil prices pass $143 a barrel; US gas hits high' Beijing Pressures Taiwan To Restrict Falun Gong Activities' The Army admits to faulty Iraq planning' Study World Gets Happier ' Olympic nightmare A red tide in yellow sea' Someone attempted to kill Irans President Ahmadinejad with highintensity Xray radiation during his recent trip to Italy' A police investigation concluded that if the tiger had been real it would have been only 27 centimetres long.' Iran hands down death sentence to 'Israeli spy'