         ' Think Mugabe is Africa's Worst Dictator? Think Again All the defendants convicted in the attack on the USS Cole, which killed 17 sailors, have escaped from prison or been freed by Yemeni officials.' Nearly every GM food in the U.S. is completely untested for safety. Every other nation besides the U.S. tests all GM/GE food before they are put into the food chain.' Police to ban alcohol sales in entire town as Facebook hordes plan massive beach party' Sciences 'a whole grade harder' than arts subjects at Alevel Americans Lead The World In Drug Use' UFOs spotted by Navy engineer above the M5 motorway. It was unlike anything I've ever seen in my life. It really did look like the alien aircraft in films.' Pentagon Official Warns of Israeli Attack on Iran ' Putin to Ukraine Join NATO and pay the price!' New pact would give EU citizens' data to US  Iraq fails to sign contracts with global oil majors because oil companies refused to offer consultancy based on fees, as they wanted a share of the oil' Iraqis say NO to profit sharing with big oil' Amsterdam Bans Smoking in Public Places, Excluding Pot' World Values Survey Denmark the most happy, Zimbabwe the least happy' Masked Gunmen Attack Amazon Tribe' Israeli reporter wins prize for revealing Israeli involvement in Gitmo rendition' Dutch judiciary will not prosecute Geert Wilders for antiIslamic statements' Mission Accomplished! (cartoon)' Mexico's drug war It is more dangerous to be a policeman in Mexico, than a soldier fighting the war in Iraq. Milelong Gas Lines in Iraq' Polish president throws the EU into new crisis as he declares The Lisbon treaty is pointless' Mugabe hailed as a hero by African leaders' IMF to investigate the US Federal reserve?' Dutch smoking ban No tobacco in your joints, cafes ordered ' Starbucks To Close 600 Stores, Halves 2009 Expansion Plans' German company stops providing paper for Zimbabwe's bank notes Italy's highest court rules that it's okay to discriminate against Roma (Gypsies) because the fact that all the Gypsies are thieves' Innocent dad of three eaten by two police out hunting joyrider' Ingrid Betancourt rescued in Colombia!' Dj vu? U.S. funding terror groups in Iran' Democrats Back Covert US Attacks On Iran' Mahatma Gandhi only ever made 2 public speeches in English. This one was almost lost for the last 60 years' London Mayoral vote can't be verified due to evoting irregularities Soldiers patrol Mongolian capital amid state of emergency' U.S. spies on Iraqi army. Satellites are allegedly being used to track the Americanbacked force after breakdowns in trust and coordination.' Survey Denmark 'happiest' country in the world Israel reassures West No Iran attack in 2008. Israel plans to wait until Sarkozy assumes the presidency of EU and can be expected to lead a European drive to expand sanctions on Teheran.' Google Earth is part of propaganda war, which Israel is losing' Economic downturn brings out Athenian Robin Hoods  Everything is stolen. Everything is ours' Betancourt rescued from FARC kidnappers' Video Show US Advisors Teaching Torture Techniques to Mexican Police' Mexico struggles to eliminate torture in law enforcement. Now US advisers are teaching them to torture. (Is there no end to our shame?)' The figures demonstrating improvement in Iraq may (or may not) be real. This cannot end well. Not for the U.S. military. Not for Americans. And, above all, not for Iraqis.' Want to know if waterboarding is torture? Ask Christopher Hitchens' Iran ready to consider allowing U.S. diplomatic presence' An explosion has ripped through a 12storey apartment block in the Russian olympic resort city of Sochi, killing at least two people and leaving around 30 others injured' 28 Billion Bottles of Water [PIC]' U.S. Agrees to Lift Immunity for Contractors in Iraq' Closer to war with Iran than anyone knows?' 28 Billion Bottles of Water [PIC]' BBC explains how they mistakenly reported WTC7 collapsed before it did' If you haven't read the story of the FARC hostage rescure, read it now.  It's an absolutely incredible story. 10yearold subjected to torture by Israeli soldiers' Mother saves baby, killed seconds later' Iran to introduce death penalty for blogging' Euro May Be Poised for `Explosive Breakout,' Citigroup Says  Scientists find libido increasing ingredient in watermelon rinds' The shame of a Mugabe torturer 'I am being forced to kill someone'  Israeli's Vice Premier wants home of bulldozer attacker demolished and his WHOLE TOWN cut off from Jerusalem. Private Contractors in Iraq to Lose Immunity' U.S. Arms Dealer Tests Legal Bounds in Middle East Arms Bazaar' Breaking Iraq and Blaming Iran  British Black Ops and the Terror Campaign in Basra' Chavez congratulates Uribe, calls upon FARC to surrender The time for rifles is gone, it is a time for the peoples' Hundreds of Aboriginal men from across Australia have issued a historic apology to their women for the pain, hurt and suffering indigenous men have caused them.' Victims were bound, stabbed multiple times in head, neck, torso, and back' Former Colombian Presidental candidate Betancourt, U.S. contractors rescued from FARC.  Six years as a prisoner at an end. ' Experts Say China's Wind Energy Could Grow 1667% by 2020 Barrack gets sold out, G8 meeting was useless, fascism is creeping forward, strategies for protection, DHS surveillance, talk of a coming war with Iran' Risk to U.S. troops seen if Israel strikes Iran' Kidnapped Ingrid Betancourt rescued after 6 years captivity in Colombia' Ingrid Betancourt freed after 6 years of kidnap' Iran weighs new nuclear offer, considers suspending nucler program!' British Judge Says YES To Sharia Law In Britain' Jereusalem Madman goes on insane rampage in frontend loader' Iran says any attack on its nuclear sites means war' Naomi Klein Big Oil's Iraq deals are the greatest stickup in history Report US and Colombians paid $20 million for the hostages freedom, the whole operation afterwards was a setup' A netneutrality activist group has uncovered plans for the demise of the free Internet by 2010 in Canada. By 2012, the group says, the trend will be global.' Iraq is being forced to give foreign firms 75% of the value of their oil leaving just 25% for the Iraqis. How were they forced to do this? By torture, suffering and death. ' Biofuels behind food price hikes leaked World Bank report' Colombian FARC leaders were paid millions to free hostages Swiss radio' Israeli PM Olmert wants the house of the Palestinianr who killed 3 Israelis in a bulldozer rampage destroyed so the 20 people, including children, who live there will be punished ' Official Says Iran Accepts Western Talks Proposal ' Biofuels are prime cause of food crisis  leaked World Bank report' A 16yearold Jordanian boy has been charged with murder for stabbing his his 23yearold sister to death in an apparent honour killing. It is the 7th honour killing this year in Jordan. ' From the No Shit file World must brace for oil beyond $150 ' Israeli Report Iran will halt enrichment if West removes sanctions' Why Is The Philippines Poor?' Top British intelligence official in coma in London hospital amid poisoning fears' More than 200 people have gathered outside the US embassy in Zimbabwe seeking refuge or assistance' Support the NO2ID Nine who were arrested in Edinburgh'  Admiral Mike Mullen warns the West over military strike against Iran' Iran 'responds to nuclear offer' Liberal Democrats  Google ruling very worrying for UK consumers  Foster' Assisted suicide of healthy 79yearold renews German debate on right to die' Poland holds out over US missile missile shield proposal' Uranium enrichment Iran's leadership sends out mixed signals over its nuclear programme Largest UK Trafficking Operation Sees 500 Arrests' Happy Liberation Day, Rwanda' EUROPEANS! You have until MONDAY to contact your MEP and save the EU from a threestrikes copyright rule!' For the first time Poland says NO to U.S. Rejects missile shield offer aimed to counter possible threats from Iran' First footage to show ballotrigging actually taking place in Zimbabwe' 22 civilians killed by U.S. helicopters airstrike, Afghan governor says' U.S. Deserters Could Qualify as Refugees in Canada Rules Federal Court' Eight dead as canoeists sucked into turbines'  Man rips head from Hitler wax figure in Berlin' NYT Iraqi woman becoming suicide bombers becouse they lose a husband, a brother, a son or because they were detained by American Military' Prayer refusal pupils 'disciplined' This is the first time that ordinary Chinese citizens will be allowed to visit Taiwan as tourists' Expose the Mafia and live in fear' Your Laptop's Dirty Little Secret EWaste Dumping on the Poor (Video) Venezuelan fights US asset freeze'  World must brace for oil beyond $150' China has ordered the closure of 40 factories in a city close to Beijing in the runup to the Olympics Games.' AP Exclusive Uranium Stockpile Removed From Iraq in Secret U.S. Mission' Man Tears Head Off Hitler Wax Figure in a Symbolic Protest at New Madame Tussauds in Berlin' Russia rated UK's biggest threat after alQaeda and Iran Iran death penalty for corrupt weblogs' World Bank report Biofuels force food prices rise by 75%' Colombia foils bomb plot after rescue ' Find your MEP (For Brits)' for me, this will be the the image I remember forever from the Iraq war.' South Korea used to be a big market for US beef, but suspended imports in 2003 after a mad cow disease outbreak.' Israelis fire rockets, Israelis blame Palestinians, Israelis punish Palestianians.  What else is new?' A mob of Israelis attacked a Palestinian teacher from a West Bank village, dragged him to a nearby settlement, tied him to an electricity pole and beat him with clubs.' 'I practically told the jury to find him guilty' recalls Judge, but the jurors simply refused, US Colonel Admits He Sanctioned Mass Killings in South Korea' The big firms that prop up Zimbabwe' US Embassy ban on mobile phones brings 1,000 a day windfall to local chemist' US Contractor Leads Torture Training in Mexico'  Saudi man, woman face flogging for research work' 17YearOld Boy is Tied to Tree, Forced to Drink Gas... Then Set Ablaze' Top Secret Memo Leaked The Israeli foreign ministry admits that the Palestinian Occupation Is Illegal' With Rupert Murdock's slanted Fox News, can you trust his 174 other media outlets like the WSJ, which are also 7% owned by a Saudi prince? Where Muslims object, officers will be obliged to use sniffer dogs only in exceptional cases. Where dogs are used, they will have to wear bootees with rubber soles.' Roman Abramovich, the billionaire, has admitted paying billions of dollars for political favours and protection fees to get his hands on the former Soviet Union's mineral wealth. Teenage girls raped at Robert Mugabe's torture camps One of literature's most coveted treasures to be uncovered US Pentagon doubts Israeli intelligence over Iran's nuclear programme  According to South African intelligence sources, convicted GOP lobbyist Jack Abramoff was a longtime intelligence asset for South Africa's apartheid era security services.   U.S. and Czechs to sign radar deal despite opposition' Afghan President Hamid Karzai has ordered an investigation into a U.S.led coalition air strike that local officials say killed 15 civilians' Before the G8 Summit Merkel Warns Food Crisis Could 'Destabilize Nations' MISSION ACCOMPLISHED' South African Thieves Shoot Down Police Helicopter' Palestinian Sources Say Israel Still Preventing Sick From Leaving Gaza' Germ warfare fear over African monkeys taken to Iran Dealers supplying large numbers to labs across world...' Russian oligarch 'tipped off' about assassination  Israel locks down West Bank village' It is obvious they will come door to door. If they see you don't have ink, they will know you are M.D.C.' Censoring Iraq This week US forces censored an award winning photojournalist, Zoriah continuing the efforts to make certain we do not see the real results of our actions in Iraq. ' Spy chief in coma was found slumped unconscious with blood everywhere. Government sources insist there is no evidence of suspicious circumstances. Yard denies assassination claims. ' Dane Who Blew Whistle on Iraq Lies Has Been Imprisoned' Straight pride parade to hit New York City' Anyone caught carrying a knife without a good excuse should be sent to prison  David Cameron, UK Conservative Party Leader' More Mexicans leaving U.S. under duress' British UFO sightings at izarre' levels Computer games experts have devised a way to beat the pirates who cost their industry a fortune.  [I just don't see this one happening] Hell on Earth Welcome to North Korea' US and EU urged to cut biofuels and grow food instead' Shed roof nearly damaged in North England' Husband uses fireman's lift to get disabled wife onto Ryanair flight after staff refuse to help on health and safety grounds Oil price shock means China is at risk of blowing up'  Israel and Hezbollah sign prisoner swap deal' Karachi, Pakistan hit by 5 bombs and no news has reported it yet!' Even TwentyFive Years Later, the Destructive Force of the Bhopal Disaster Remains' Indian Embassy Destroyed in Afghanistan, 41 Dead by Suicide Car Bom Protests and repression in Japan on eve of G8 summit' Don't envy us, Saudis say, as inflation leaves them feeling poorer despite huge oil boom The Worlds 10 Youngest Leaders' Myths of the Cuban Missile Crisis' Children as young as three should be reported for 'racism' One killed, 50 injured in series of blasts in Karachi' Jewish Klansmen tie Palestinian to power pole, beat him savagely' Iraq insists on withdrawal timetable for US troops' Do US Internment Camps Really Exist?' Monsanto has to Accept Full Responsibility for Genetic Contamination' Just two of the 19 dishes on the dinner menu at the G8 food shortages summit' Businessman who grabbed a thug for smashing a window is charged with assault' Suddenly, prayer rooms are essential at work' The 26yearold receptionist had suffered 93 identifiable injuries at the hands of British soldiers and died after being subjected to 36 hours of beatings and abusive treatment' Bush Quietly Declared a National State of Emergency on June 26, 2008'  World stocks at 21month low as banks plunge' Where's All the World's Food? Its the worst crisis of its kind in more than 30 years. Russian Blogger Gets Jail Sentence for Criticizing Police'  Excongressman finds second career as international arms trader' Researchers demonstrate that oil prices are due to speculators and not suppy/demand' Most Obnoxious Tourists? The French' Remember the daring rescue of Ingrid Betancourt? Turns out it wasn't so daring after all. Terrorist mastermind collects $100,000 a day on fundraising tour of US while wife and kid live on welfare in the UK' Bigot weeps after being forced to give women equal rights (is it really 2008?)' EU vote forces ISPs to disconnect pirates' Iran  Tel Aviv and the US fleet in the Persian Gulf would be the targets that would be set on fire'  Iraq insists on U.S. withdrawal timetable official' Australian Cyclists Save Millions in Health Care' Polls rate Dutch health system best, U.S. worst  ' Russia Threat over Missile Shield' Israel has successfully tested a new defence system designed to intercept rockets fired from southern Lebanon and the Hamasruled Gaza Strip' Swedes Massively Protest Wiretap Law' Iranian shelling reported in northern Iraq' Iran test fires long and medium range missiles' Turkey 4 killed in battle outside U.S. consulate ' Toyota's top car engineer worked himself to death. Iran blames West for 'artificially' raising oil prices, says war threat is a 'joke' Grave implications of witness ruling' small bat fits big bra' Yobs threw rocks at his house for years. But the father who fought back is arrested  | Mail Online' Canadas Latest Fail We Charge for incoming texts now' Toyota Camry engineer died from overwork at 45 ... death from overworking is called karoshi. ' Iranian shelling reported in Northern Iraq.' Former Columbian law maker, Yidis Medina, poses naked for a men's magazine Italian man sentenced to 10 days in jail for... get this... staring at a woman... Sometimes, you can't make even make this shit up! Canada to deport Nigerian woman who claims to be bisexual. She had been tortured and fears she will be stoned to death.' A revolution in Quebec. Yellow margarine soon to be legal.' Sunday afternoon at the marriage mart. Chinese oldsters determined to get their kids married. ' Antiterrorism exercises in China (photo gallery).' Nazi SS medical officer 'Dr Deathelieved to be living in Chile Amateur Attack on US Embassy in Istanbul??' UK criminal record checks More often wrong than right' British woman faces jail for sex on Dubai beach' The surfer who kept his cool in the face of a volcano' Attack kills Darfur peacekeepers ' Naked man walks into convenience store...eats, drinks, accost a female, retreats...' Ramseys cleared in murder of JonBenet (breaking, seriously, in July 2008)' How to buy a child in 10 hours' Ahmadinejad rules out war against the U.S. or Israel ' Better bring a book To save fuel, US Airways will remove movie systems from domestic flights' Mexican cops tape torture training' Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Thursday brushed off evidence that U.S. interrogators had abused a Canadian terrorism suspect in Guantanamo Bay, saying the man's trial should go ahead anyway. Nazi hunters may have found their most wanted fugitive in Chile' Mother prevented from taking own son to school because of criminal record checks' Japanese Zero Emissions Home' Mexican comicbook character called racist' Russians say no to 'colanization' US may have sold mass surveillance gear to Chavez' World leaders avoid setting greenhouse target' Earthquake Destroyed China's Largest Military Armory and nuclear facilities including several nuclear warheads.  A nuclear explosion might have occurred at the epicenter.  Goodbye from the world's biggest polluter  George Bush at the latest G8 summit' 45Year Old Man Dies From Working Too Hard' Israeli troops kill Gaza man in first truce fatality' Ecuador government siezes TV stations and nearly 200 other businesses' Hamas Places Rocket Squad Under Arrest' The only sex shop in Martinez has closed' River use banned after French uranium leak' Enough Sabre Rattling in the Middle East, Please' Now we got fucking IRAMs (sorta like FIEDs)' Iran claims it was threatened, tests missiles' Forgiveness hard to find for some after peer's inadvertent 'nigger in the woodpile' remark  Taiwan Declares Peace on China' A US air strike in Afghanistan on Sunday killed 47 civilians, 39 of them women and children' Fascism [PIC]' Swiss pot legalization referendum ' UK voters send a stunning message to the government as Davis is elected with 72% of the vote' Israel denies water to Palestinians in the West Bank' The RussianIsraeli Mafia Offlimits to FBI, US intelligence' Argentina Will Produce Massive Wind Power Turbines' Iran no better than the US, it turns out' In Soviet Russia, Jokes Destroy Communism!'  Weak US dollar hits papal profits [How naive of me, I didn't even realise the Vatican was suppose to make profits] How Russia's babyboosting policies are hurting the population. For the record, I'm Muslim. Trust me, we don't have an issue with puppies.' Abu Dhabi buys 90% of New York City's Chrysler Building  UN sanctions resolution on Zimbabwe fails in security council' Companies that gain from the India  US Nuke Deal' Beijing takes dog off the menu for Olympics' Giuliani Obama's Support Of Bilingualism is AntiAmerican 9 British soliders wounded by friendly fire.  With friends like that...' Russians are house shopping and buying in costly U.S. cities' ICC Seeks to Charge Leader of Sudan With Charges of Genocide' The US has sanctions against Iran. Exports to Iran have almost increased tenfold since Bush came to power. Are they trying to get the best of both worlds?' Andrew Bolt asks Age art critic Robert Nelson seven questions about his decision to let Art Monthly Australia publish photographs of his naked daughter, then aged no more than six. ' 6,700 Tons of Radioactive Debris Shipped From Kuwait to Idaho ' Zimbabwe sanctions vetoed at UN' Dungeon dad hates being cooped up (2 Words Come to Mind Boo + Hoo)' Tony Snow is Dead' Not Only Were Iran Missiles Photoshopped ... They Were OLD ' Israeli warplanes have been flying over Iraq and landing at US bases there  in preparation for an attack on Iran?' International Committee of Red Cross Proposes War Crimes Charges' In England, knife crime claims 60 victims a day.' Afghan Warlords, Formerly Backed By the CIA, Now Turn Their Guns On U.S. Troops' Global Fascism Grows as  MPs pass Berlusconi immunity bill. There is no longer a pretense of a government of laws not of men. ' Iron Plate found in Great Pyramid... back in 1837' Weak dollar sends Vatican into the red (Why didn't God warn them?) ExPentagon worker sentenced in China spy case' France has denied citizenship to a Muslim woman who wears a burkha and lives in total submission to her male relativeson the grounds of insufficient assimilation into France. ' Time Israelis Blocking Medical Care in Gaza' Georgia says will down Russian jets Georgia threatens to shoot down Russian planes amid rising tensions.' Iran to target '32 US bases' if attacked Czechs See Oil Flow Fall and Suspect Russian Ire on Missile System' 1 in 10 British youths do absolutely nothing. Interesting.' No drugs in cookies Watauga man gave Lake Worth police, lab finds' A request to [worldnews] users  (see comment, for I couldn't be more succinct than that...)' Women Left for Dead and the Man Who's Saving Them Pope to Apologise for Sexual Abuse of Children by Priests'  World Bank's Zoellick says food prices high until 2012 4 Israelis arrested for allegedly selling weapons to Palestinians' Bullet Blockers Why sales of bulletproof cars are rocketing in Brazil ' Russia and China don't think that Mugabe is illegitimate enough China and Russia wield Security Council veto. No one's surprised.  The BBC has found the first evidence that China is currently helping Sudan's government militarily in Darfur. France The Enslavement of Women Not Allowed.  Religion is not an excuse and should never have been an excuse for the abuse of women and the denial of basic human rights.' Bush gives Israel tentative 'OK' to strike Iran Google backed out from releasing private YouTube user data to Viacom.' French court denies citizenship to woman from Morocco, ruling that her practice of radical Islam is incompatible with French values' What is happening with Italy? Fingerprinting Roma (gypsies), Rome's mayor bans food, drink and singing on the streets and the story of a man who failed his driving test because he was gay 13,000 Japanese protest against the permanent basing of a nuclearpowered U.S. warship near Tokyo, saying a recent onboard fire made it unsafe.' Canadians don't want to be the 'melting pot' that the US boasts Europe faces Russian nuclear missile threat' Austria allows cannabis for medical purposes' China 'is fuelling war in Darfur' Quelle Surprise! EVoting Fails in France Too!' England's Times President George W Bush backs Israeli plan for strike on Iran' Nouri alMaliki ready to oust US from Iraq green zone' Syria, Lebanon to open embassies at eachother's capitals  Nine U.S. troops killed in Afghan fighting' How is protesting supposed to help fuel prices?' Official says Iran would destroy Israel if attacked' Sudanese President Wanted For Crimes Against Humanity? What About Bush?' UK pubs to be forced to search customers' Deadly street culture Lethal posers of Britain's Bebo generation Loose Change 2nd Edition Broadcast on Norway's Largest Commercial TV Station Fuel theft crime wave sweeps Scotland as petrol prices soar' Japan Workers Sue American Airlines Over Outsourcing' Massive ice shelf collapses in midwinter. ' Dozens of partygoers at an outdoor rave near Moscow last week have lost partial vision after a laser light show burned their retinas' Federal Judge Ruling George W. Bush is a Felon' Iraq handing out cash to people on the streets. They get up to $8000. We got $600. ' Babies born in Fallujah are showing illnesses and deformities on a scale never seen before' 9 women arrested in oral sex competition' Budweiser is now a Belgian Beer' President of Sudan charged with genocide. He is the first sitting head of state to be charged by the International Criminal Court. ' Iran attack would hurt U.S. and Israel Syria's Assad In Japan, Buddhism May Be Dying Out' US investigators probing allegations of torture at an Iraqirun juvenile prison found clear evidence earlier this year that Sunni children had been murdered by their Shiite captors' Warm meals for elderly and disabled cut back because volunteer drivers cannot afford gas. ' Teachers win right to frisk pupils for drink, drugs and cigarettes' British soldiers accused of sickening sex assault on Iraqi boy, 14' Venezuela's Chavez says oil could reach $300 Despite all the sabrerattling, it looks as if Tehran wants to talk.' The people of Iran have chosen the path of reform  Shirin Ebadi' The best thing that could happen to the country is if no oil is found' When Human Rights Extend to Nonhumans' Drug cartels threaten Mexican democracy' Turkish Islamist government cracks down on secularist group' $150 Billion for a Beer in Zimbabwe' Myanmar After Buddhist monks, bloggers are second helpful in Burma'  Defying U.S., Hezbollah stronger than ever' This recession could easily tip into a depression. Remembering the 30s and salaries of 1.50 a week.' Now official Sudanese president is charged by ICC' How the hell can this possibly not be suspicious?' 'First Guantanamo video' released  Russia announced Monday that it is sending warships to patrol Arctic waters for the first time since the breakup of the Soviet Union.' Overpopulation and Oil What the Talking Heads Dont Talk About' Bilderberg group meets to decide fate of world and media doesn't even blink to report it! Belgium government collapses, King holds talks' How Germany Is Dismantling Civil Rights amid Terror Fears' Mugabe has hired foreign mercenaries to do his dirty work'  Sydney overturns Pope protest law' Mugabe running out of Monopoly money' Dutch Defence whistle blower, who disclosed the truth about defective landmines, is still being harrassed by the government after 24 years' In recent months, the army has also closed down an orphanage, a bakery and other institutions in Hebron, which Israel believes are associated with Hamas.' Imagine what the main stream media would have said if these were Palestinian children.' Six MILLION Ethiopian children in danger due to drought.' Robert Fisk 'Europe has a duty to educate the US about Middle East' Sudanese president charged with genocide '  Britain's secretive S&M scene Sibel Edmonds Case The Central Asia Islamization Cocktail Mosques, Madrassas, Heroin & Terrorism' Bomb explodes in Sydney  seems minor' I had sex with my brother but I don't feel guilty Judge lets off teenage hacker despite admission of guilt | Technology | guardian.co.uk' Revealed how UK restaurant chains pocket your tips'  Tree worth 500,000 'discovered' Israelis Gripped By New Photos of Missing Airman ' Belgian PM to offer resignation' Super Rich Tax Cheats Outed by Liechtenstein Bank Clerk' Despite being a mass murderer Russians pick Stalin as their Face of the Nation' John Pilger  How Britain wages war'  'I lost the best years of my life' If You Try To Pull A False Flag Operation, We're Not Going to Believe You Here's a graph that is wrong Saudis offer Moscow billions to break with Tehran.'  Oil prices continue to fall' Former Iranian President BaniSadr 'Tehran Responsible for Lockerbie  not Libya' MI5 officers 'outsourced the torture of British nationals to Pakistani agencies' UK Teachers will be allowed by law to search children for drugs, alcohol and cigarettes. So they are more like cops than teachers now?' Pressure mounting to scrap speed cameras' More than a dozen Italian police officers, prison guards and doctors have been given prison sentences after being found guilty of brutality at a G8 summit in 2001. None will serve any time.' Big Brother database recording all our calls, texts and emails will 'ruin British way of life'   'I'm so glad he died at home' Israel trades a member of a 1979 raid  later convicted of murder  for the corpses of 2 soldiers captured by Hezbollah last year.' If you haven't heard about the first death since the truce took hold, it's because he's Palestinian Saving the slaves  International groups of Good Samaritans travel to the SudanDarfur region to offer help to slaves who now have nowhere else to go.' Hezbollah returns Israeli soldiers bodies.' Saudi Kids Learn the Darndest Things About Killing Jews and Gays'  Hezbollah gives coffins to Israel in prisoner swap' UK  Family food bills rise by 1,100 in 12 months ' The new 'Obama advisor' problem Senator Chuck Hagel  How the Greening of the World Bank Affects the Poor' Swedish theme park ride collapses' Mosques increasingly not welcome. Europeans increasingly lashing out at construction of mosques feeding antiMuslim sentiment across the continent.' Scientology's Crushing DefeatA previously unpublished saga of an $8 million check  The bloody battle of Genoa; Was there something more sinister at play?' British intelligence allegedly outsourced torture of British citizens to Pakistani security agencies'  European recession looms as Spain crumbles. Spain is now spiralling into the worst crisis since the Franco dictatorship. The economy is in dire straits.' Only Little War Criminals Get Punished' Mosques and  Minarets? Not in My Backyard, Say an Increasing Number of Germans'  Bush warned he might send U.S. troops to Darfur' Almost half of Egyptian women are sexually harassed on a daily basis with more than half of Egyptian men admitting lewd behaviour' US judge OKs first Guantanamo Bay detainee trial ' U.S. Finally Talking With Iran' Pakistani Investors Stone Exchange as Stocks Plunge. People complain that despite many losing their life savings in a few days neither the government nor regulators have done anything to help.' Dear redditworldnews subscribers, we need your help please read this self.post and vote in the comments' A Dark Day for Press Freedom' SLIDING INTO RECESSION~Economic Tempest Overtakes Europe' Great Britain on verge of banning knives. Can forks be far behind?' Over 300.000 people rally in Buenos Aires, Argentina over farm export tax.' Hezbollah prisoners freed in exchange for dead Israeli soldiers' Democracy in action Amazing display of courage in Argentina over export tax. People win this one!' muslim barbie ' Pope says young inheriting scarred, squandered earth' New sodomy charge for Malaysian opposition figure' U.S. experts say Russia 'is winning the Arctic race' Report U.S. to station diplomats in Iran for first time since 1979' Pope assails moral relativism; rest of the world says well that's just, like, your opinion, man' Amidst all the squawking being done by the MPAA and the RIAA, I'd like to point out that there's actual piracy taking place every day in this world. Venezuela to Give EnergySaving Light Bulbs to LowIncome U.S. Communities' Dubai Detains Foreigners Accused Of Being Gay' World Court orders U.S. to stop executions of 5 Mexicans' Somalia is in flames, it just topped a list of the worlds most unstable countries by Foreign Policy magazine, and the United Nations has declared the humanitarian situation there worse than Darfur' Hundreds of Super Rich Under Investigation' Russia to 'neutralise' US missile defence threat In a recent interview in Yemen a Gitmo attorney dropped his pants to show how Gitmo prisoners are humiliated several times a day. ' Belgian King Rejects Resignation Offer of the Prime Minister' Are Iran and the US ALREADY Meeting in Turkey?' Zimbabwe 'running out of paper to print money on' Nelson Mandela uses 90th birthday to warn South Africans not to forget the poor'  Pakistani Investors Stone Karachi Exchange as Stocks Plunge' Salafi Jihadists in Gaza 'Compared to Us, Hamas Is Islamism Lite' Al Qaeda Expanding Recruitment Of Children'  U.S. seeks asset freeze on al Qaedalinked Algerians' The missile defense scheme and the sharpening of USRussian geopolitical tensions'  Israel makes arrests in alleged plot against Bush' NATO just bombed Pakistan because of an unconfirmed allegation... where do we draw the line?' Iran's Missiles May Target Canadians Canada deports U.S. war resister' Avoid Public Toilets! An Olympic Visitors Guide to China' Childrens Choir Director Still Wanted By Turkish Authorities For Making Terrorist Propaganda' Bush, Maliki agree 'time horizon' for US drawdown Nearly a quarter of all Americans obese, 600 miles away many Haitians are eating mud ' Pakistan  Muslim judge rules kidnapped Christian girls converted to Islam and cannot return home' The WORST building in the world!' China Is Growing Unfriendly to Foreigners, Visitors Say' Polio resurfaces in region of Pakistan where militants campaigned against vaccination,' History of the modern Canadian flag, eh?' Iraq Beginning to smell like fried chicken' EgyptWomen are targets for harassment whether they are fully covered or not' China arrests human rights campaigner for possession of state secrets after he offered help to parents of children killed in the region's massive earthquake'  China arrests quake critic on secrets charge' Magnitude 7.0 quake hits east coast of Japan' Buying America on the Cheap! A Close Look at Sovereign Wealth Funds' Saudi Arabia's stateproduced textbooks still refer to Jews and Christians as apes and swine, claim Jews conspire to take over the world and on Judgment Day Muslims will be called to kill the Jews Iraqi PM Obama troop withdrawl plan is great' ABC foreign correspondent arrested on ice charges faces 20 years in prison and a brutal arse caning' Asia Stocks Fall for Fifth Week in Six on Global Growth Concern ' Jack Sparrow Yarr Not. The New Face Of Sea Pirates... Satellite Equipment, Powerful Boats, And Motherships' How China's taking over Africa, and why the West should be VERY worried China quake zone govt to sell luxury HQ after outcry'  Phil Gramm steps down after 'whiners' comment A powerful earthquake has struck off the eastern coast of Japan, with officials warning that some regions could be hit by a small tsunami.'  Iran rules out enrichment freeze at nuclear talks' ...rounding up dozens of black men  reportedly including the son of a Caribbean ambassador  and beating many of them in public during a drug raid' Baby Penguins Washing Up Dead in Brazil' Guantanamo Bay Interrogation Video  Complete' Victim told to stay away from mall so child sex fiend can do his shopping' Leopard kills crocodile. This does not happen every day' Twothirds of Egyptian men Yep, we harass women.' Bjrk's protest song forces China's Ministry of Culture to review musicians who 'threaten national unity' or 'violate religious policy or cultural norms'   Saudi Arabia is doing something US never tried to; talking the radicals out of it!...do you really need me to tell you if it worked?' Brazil's foreign minister said rich countries' deception in trade talks reminded him of tactics used by Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels. 10 people reveal why cocaine, skunk and ketamine do it for them ' Gangs have made Dublin 'like Chicago in the 1920s' Nine policemen were killed in Afghanistan Sunday in international military air strikes called in when police and troops clashed after mistaking each other for Taliban' Finally!  White House incompetence is making the world a better place' 61 lbs of plastic explosives  and detonators are missing from a site in southeastern France. ' Somalis kill infidel aid workers' At least eight women, whose ages range from 27 to 43, and one man, a 50yearold music teacher, convicted of illegal sex with a student, have been sentenced to death by stoning in Iran.' One of Turkey's lead gay advocates murdered after returning from international gay gathering UK State school students may be taught Islamic traditions as part of compulsory citizenship lessons' Amsterdam Moves To Cut Prostitution' Colombian military misuses Red Cross symbol in hostage rescue' No progress in Iran talks, so Europe, U.S. renew threats' UK Teenagers attack police officers who asked girl to pick up litter' The world's top Nazihunter says he's closing in on 94yearold 'Dr. Death' Saudis Are Bailing Out On The Bush Regime' More than 15 incuding commander killed as two militant Taliban groups clash in Mohmand Agency' U.S. Troops Kill Son And Cousin Of Iraqi Governor.' NASA eyes buying Japan's cargo spacecraft to replace shuttle After nuclear talk with UN & EU officials, Iran remains 'silent' New Hampshire To Accept Free Oil From Venezuela' Experts Confirm that Iran's President did NOT Call for Israel to be wiped off the map'  US troops kill son of Iraqi governor' Radovan Karadzic arrested!' Nearly one in five UK 16 and 17yearolds is a Neet  neither in employment, education or training' Serbia captures fugitive war crimes suspect Karadzic' It feels like the summer of 1931. The world's two biggest financial institutions have had a heart attack. The global currency system is breaking down. No world leader has a solution. HumantoHuman Transmission of Bird Flu Discovered in China' Aging and ailing people seeking a quick and painless way to die say there is no easier place on earth than Mexico to obtain pentobarbital, a barbiturate commonly known as Nembutal.' Two people were killed Monday in deliberately set explosions aboard two public buses in a major Chinese city, police said, heightening security concerns less than three weeks before the Olympics.' Widespread protests against Swedish wiretapping law' RUSSIA is considering aiming nuclear weapons at western Europe for the first time since the end of the Cold War' Palestinians Israel uses rats to drive out Jerusalem Arabs' Why Saddam and Iraq really had to be destroyed and who was really protected Saudi Arabia, Jordan, UAE, Bahrain, Qatar, etc. They were protected from democracy and progress. ' War Criminal Radovan Karadi Arrested  The man responsible for 7,500 dead in Srebrenica to face justice' Gaza on Brink of Humanitarian Catastrophe' Revolution, flashmobs, and brain chips. A grim vision of the future' Islamic insurgents target foreign aid workers in Somalia' Poland Spring attempts to privatize 500,000 gallons of water per day ... Water activists prevail.' 9 Iranians set to be stoned to death' Despite pressure from White House and an International court order, Texas will execute 5 Mexicans on schedule' Japan Bans in Vitro Fertilization for Couples in Which Both Partners are Infected With HIV' Benny Morris, writing in Friday's New York Times argues for Nuclear Genocide against Iran Israel will eventually have to launch a preemptive nuclear strike.' Atheletes Who Offend China will be thrown out of the Olympics by the International Olympic Committee!' The world is failing to guard against the inevitable spread of a devastating flu pandemic which could kill 50 million people and wreak massive disruption around the globe' The Israeli army invades a charitable institution and a kindergarden in Jericho City' The picture that shames Italy' Karadzic Arrested! How come none of these links are in the top 10 on Reddit?!' European Union says it won't support military action against Iran A 64yearold London man who took photos of teenagers raising a ruckus in front of his apartment could be charged with assault. What is WRONG with the UK these days?' Israel is trying to suppress a forthcoming scathing US report on its policies in the Palestinian territories.' If You Believe Attacking Iran Is A Good Idea, Listen To This!' Chavez says Venezuela needs Russia for protection' Singapore Mulls Legal Kidney Trading ' Bosnian Serb wartime president Radovan Karadzic, one of the world's most wanted men for his part in civilian massacres, has been arrested. The minute I saw him turn over the first car, I knew it was a terror attack.' Mexican Resorts Destroying Mangroves, Dooming Fisheries' Top war crimes suspect Karadzic arrested in Serbia' US general warns Russia on nuclear bombers in Cuba' Canada's spreading cannabis crop Thanks To U.S. And Russia, The End Of The World Inches Closer' Blackwater to Shift Business Plan' Karadzic, one of the most wanted men in the world, finally caught' Inflation 'to hit Asian growth' Interesting British military document; Expects collapse of China, use of neutron bombs for ethnic cleansing, emergence of a smallsuper rich elite who will be able to afford life extention' Letters from Afghanistan  dogs, general, and orphans' Israeli filmed shooting prisoner, causing outragewho is the hypocrite? (Video)' Hamdan Guantanamo's Mystery Man UGANDA Poverty driving child sex abuse in the north' Chinas Olympic security measures reveal a regime under siege' Nigerian Muslims hail meat which spells Allah' That's one small step for a parliament, one giant leap towards dictatorship. Russia to station nuclear bombers in Cuba?' Protester glues himself to British PM' Hugo Chavez, the Venezuelan president, has called for a strategic relationship with Russia to counter aggression from the United States.' Racist cop uses UK Terrorism Act to detain mixedrace family and take away their disabled child' Zimbabweans Battle Money Shortages as Collectors Buy 100,000,000,000 Notes on eBay' WTF Gas In Venezuela Is $0.12 per Gallon?! 97% Less Than USA  Worlds Highest And Lowest Gas Prices' In solitary confinement in China, prisoner tells relatives he's so desperate for sunlight and human contact he'll go anywhere, including a forced labor camp Angry at Bush, Russia considers closer Venezuela, Cuba ties' Cambodia standoff with Thailand continues, an imminent state of war, says Cambodia' Samsung to Invest $1.63 Billion in Indonesian Biodiesel Project . Current rate of deforestation before the project 380 US football fields an hour.' Pakistans intelligence agencies and police have disappeared hundreds of Pakistanis, including children as young as 9.  ' British study links IMF loans to tuberculosis. IMF demands responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths. ' Magnitude 6.8 quake hits Japan' UK Official surveillance requests for details of telephone and internet records have surged to 1,400 a day' Karadzic Backers Riot in Belgrade' UK Water bills set to soar under compulsory meters. Average bills will rise up to 300 per cent.' French President Nicolas Sarkozy wins constitution battle by single vote ' Secret life of fugitive Radovan Karadzic ' Chavez Visit to Russia Intended to Send Message to US ' Myanmar How many of us have to die for your diplomatic game?' British Troops To Pull Out Of Iraq Next Year' Sixteen year old girl told that she doesn't exist by UK [WTF] [BBC] Navy Prosecutor In Gitmo Case says flight 93 shot down' USA arms wartorn Africa under the guise of humanitarian aid' Key Benazir Bhutto assassination witness shot dead' Six of the UK's biggest net providers have agreed a plan with the music industry to tackle piracy online. UK Police extinguish buring knifeman. With their own bodies...' Sarkozy government implements police state measures. These changes are designed to curb mass resistance and political opposition to him and his programs. ' The International Olympic Committee has banned Iraq from competing in the Beijing Olympic Games' Iranian military convoy rocked by mystery explosion' WTF! The IOC bans Iraq from competing in the Beijing Games  a major blow to seven Iraqi athletes' Navy official 9/11 Flight 93 was shot down' Emo and goth to be made illegal in Russia' How is it not gay to rape someone and do them up the butt?' Turkish Man Believes His Ant Farms Can Predict Earthquakes' Parents lose custody of girl for naming her Talula Does the Hula From Hawaii' Iraq banned from Beijing Olympics because of government interference' Iran ends cooperation with UN nuclear arms probe '  British study links IMF loans to tuberculosis' US soldiers charged with conspiracy to murder Iraqis' China's mobile phone users top 600 million Canada Enraged After European Union Announces a Potential Ban on Imports of Seal Products' US War on Drugs FAIL  in Afghanistan' Long Term US Presence in Northern Iraq is Moving Forward' FOIA request yeilds photos of U.S. prisoner boxes used in Iraq ' Joke of the day  Iran introduces Islamic human rights day  oh wait, it's not a joke after all' Two Italians rescued from Pakistani mountain' oil market investigation, regulators bring lawsuit against dutch firm for 19 separate attempts at market manipulation in March 2007' Myanmar Religion cannot be separated from politics; what did the Buddha say about Political Involvement?' More UK insanity. An 82 year old woman was told she could not take pictures of an empty pool because she might be a pedophile. ' Iraqi sprinter after news of Olympic ban In this horrible situation, who can say I'll even be alive in 2012?' Lev Leviev, Israels richest man, buying blood diamonds, funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank, undermining the prospects for Middle East peace' Iran ends all cooperation with IAEA' Vladimir Putin's comments drive a company's stock down $6 billion Hole forces Qantas plane to land' As soon as Chinese officials noticed, they ordered the removal of the paper from the newsstands and part of its website was blocked.' Oil Prices Bring Sailing Back The first commercial cargo of French wine to be transported by sailboat in the modern era is due to arrive in Dublin this week' Try the Kalashnikovs. they're delicious and come with a serving of grenade At least seven lowintensity blasts tore through India's hightech hub of Bangalore Bangalore hit by serial blasts, at least 1 dead' UK Limit families to two children 'to combat climate change'. Exactly who in the UK is having a lot of kids? China now has more websurfers than U.S.' European nations planning to harvest the Sahara desert sun in Africa to provide clean electricity for the whole of Europe. There is no mention of how this will benefit Africa. ' Fugitive spammer dies in murdersuicide' Beijing's Air Pollution Index Rises Despite City's Efforts Russia considers banning Czech beer. The reason? Objections over Czech plans to host a United States radar station.' Russian Navy prioritizes construction of nuclear submarines' Kids in Congo were being sent down mines to die so that kids in Europe and America could kill imaginary aliens in their living rooms' The people of Berlin experienced the full range of Barack Obama's charisma on Thursday evening. Painter fined for smoking in van ' 7 Bomb Blasts serially in Bangalore (Bengaluru), IT capital of India ' A 73yearold Dutch man was astonished to learn from police that the begonias he had lovingly tended on his doorstep concealed a secret marijuana plantation.' Afghan government accused of shielding opium trade' Russia 'may use Cuba to refuel nuclear bombers' Sex slave 'Every day we were raped' Israeli writer calls B'Tselem human rights group, who brought recent IDF shooting of bound and blindfolded Palestinian man to light, despicable...enemy collaborators' After all those years of success as dictator of Zimbabwe, Mugabe may finally see his regime collapse because of the loss of a few software licenses and a paper contract.  ' Uranium leaks into French river, tarnishing nuke power image' Iran announces nuclear expansion  Ahmadinejad has said Iran now possesses 6,000 centrifuges for enriching uranium' Denmark  Nationalist party threatens to withdraw support from government if government cedes to EU demands on immigration' Mexicos leaders to allow its oil to be stolen. Go Neocons. Calderon insists that his reforms are necessary for the very survival of the country. So it doesnt end up like Iraq?' More bomb blasts in India  3 explosions reported from Ahmedabad' Indian City of Ahmedabad rocked by 17 Bomb Blasts within 70 minutes. 15 Dead, 100 Wounded.' Saudi schoolbooks teach piety, hate' A plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Germany after two British women tried to open a cabin door midflight' Iran Moves to Expand Uranium Enrichment Program Against Western Pleading' Russian expert  80% of Islamic literature in Russian offers wahabi ideas' Britain told by UN, treat Muslims better' Iran to hang 30 for murder, other crimes' Egypt Muslim Brotherhood goes online on Facebook' Obama's Private Prayer 'Leaked' Iraq banned from Olympics' Shape up in two months or go, Gordon Brown warned ' Islam to become Russias predominant religion by 2050?' Olympics Protesters will be kept in pens during games' Iraqi's banned from the olympics because of the government, while China with its human rights record is occupying multiple countries AP Analysis U.S. Winning Iraq War. Iraq and its American partners are now winning the war that seemed lost two years ago, says AP Chief'  Fire causes mass evacuations from Greek resorts'  Bosnian Serbs pray for Karadzic, say charges unjust' [BREAKING] India on terror high alert 14 blasts rock western city of Ahmedabad, while the country stills reels under yesterday's blasts in Bangalore This is Your Brain. This is Your Brain on Cell Phones Dr. R Heberman  director of Univ of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute  sent memo warning staff on cell phone use.' BBC NEWS Thirteen die in Istanbul blasts' Iran hangs 29 drug traffickers, murderers, rapists' A leading member of one of the most notorious clans of the Naples mafia has been arrested while shopping in Rome.' South Africa tells Robert Mugabe to surrender'  Turkey's military said its fighter jets hit 12 Kurdish separatist targets in northern Iraq EU court overturns Irish ban on nonEU spouses' A modest proposal for the ADL We won't deny your holocaust if you won't deny this ongoing one. Painter fined for smoking a cigarette in his own van' 'MiniKatrina' needs attention  Cedar Rapids Iowa 7 weeks after the Flood Hearing on Limits of Executive Power Robert Wexler' A third of British Muslim students think religious killings are justified Don't we have any more of those rusty Boeings, to take them where they would feel more at home? Feel the terror of Death, email threatens minutes before a series of bombings kill at least 45 ' 62% of Egyptian men regularly harass women' Hizbullah fans in Lebannon (SFW) [Pic] [Warning Complicated & NotBlack&White polictiacl Understanding  Ahead]' Istanbul bombs kill 13, at least 100 wounded' Inmates sleep in toilets at overcrowded prison' Palestinian 'Che' Blindfolded and Shot  Global Forces Converge To Drive Up Oil Prices' Hamas and Fatah clash in Gaza' Myanmar  DVB website attacked by promilitary hacker' Let Them Eat Free Markets    How deregulation fuels the global food crisis.' India Arrests Dozens In Bombings That Killed 45' India's president and prime minister have appealed for calm after a series of explosions killed at least 45 people in the western city of Ahmedabad New Swedish telecommunications law is turning the famously liberal country into a big brother state. Most Swedes hate it.' Life outside of civilization...' Villagers in western India burned a Dow Chemical building site. Dow is synonymous with deaths of 3,800 people in the catastrophic industrial accident in Bhopal. It is still hated. ' All passengers flying from British airports with departure lounges used by both domestic and international travellers face being fingerprinted from next year.' From January 2004 to March 2007, the death toll from terrorist attacks in India was 3,674, second only to that in Iraq during the same period.' Brain Can Change Itself' Muslims attack Christian school in Indonesia' Suspected US missiles kill six in Pakistan' Hacker Obtains NASA UFO Photos, Faces Prison' Britain's Fuel Costs Who's Really to Blame? AlQaeda chemical expert 'killed' 'Womenombers kill 25 Shiite pilgrims in Baghdad Scientists may study sinister fault by drilling hole into it' Deadly blasts rock Istanbul  At least 16 people killed and more than 150 hurt as two bombs explode on busy shopping street.' 48 killed, 249 wounded in Iraq bombings' BBC banned but pornography for sale in Olympic village' British Police Confirm Unusual Aircraft' The Taliban's dazzlingly modern insurrection Rebels claim sabotage on Shell pipeline in Nigeria' Iraq profiles Social worker' Fatah and Hamas conflict ready to burst open Roadblock to reconciliation and negotiations with Israel.' The Government Did It' A yearn to kern Fonts are the clothes that words wear' The email's subject line said Await 5 minutes for the revenge of Gujarat, ' US Warns Israel Against Staging A FalseFlag Attack To Draw US Into War With Iran' Acid attacks are on the rise in India. Acid attacks are a form of gender violence; they are intended to silence women who stand up for themselves.' Farmers in thirdworld countries are being hauled into court  for breeding their own seeds.' Crocodile Cage of Death ' Monday 87 Iraqis Killed, 288 Wounded ' The world's biggest arms exporters  JUST five countries supplied 80% of global arms exports between 2003 and 2007, Asian Bug Killing Ash Trees are now in Ottawa, Canada'  Iran tells developing states to fight worldpower bias' UK A Report Commissioned By Gordon Brown  Says Military Cadet Forces Should Be Set Up In Schools To Restore Discipline And Control Unruly Pupils ' 10 Ways to prevent Cyber Bullying' Iraqi athletes will head to Beijing after all' The War Between the United States and Iran is on by Scott Ritter' ExMossad chief says strike on Iran could 'affect us for 100 years' Hijackers made off with boxes of blank British passports worth a fortune on the black market in a raid on a delivery van, police said, in the latest blow to the government's record on security. How the illegal cigarette trade fed the Yugoslav wars' China continues to persecute those who speak out for human rights' Peace Movement Thwarts Iran Blockade' New report shows Palestinians being tortured in jail.' WTO talks collapse amid farm standoff ' Grim News From IMF No End In Sights On Credit Crisis.' Report China human rights have not improved' Thus I was astonished to read, in a Reuters report on the bombing, reproduced yesterday in the Washington Post without comment or challenge, that The PKK usually does not target civilians.' Peruvian model faces a criminal investigation after posing nude on a horse, using Perus national flag as a saddle' Malaysia  Four transvestites arrested in raid on beauty pageant appeal oneweek jail sentence' Pakistan  Death threat for editor Najam Sethi over Islamic cartoon' Abu Khabab alMasri, Al Qaeda Master of Terror, Killed... Maybe' Palestinians capture violence of Israeli occupation on video ' One million innocent Britons criminalized, ' UK  To beat extremism we must dissolve religious groups' Palestinian boy, 10, dies as Israeli troops fire on demonstrators  victim was shot through the forehead' Baikal  The gun of choice for Britain's gangland  Israeli troops kill young child in West Bank barrier demonstration' Innocents' DNA 'should be erased' Saudi Arabia Academic gets 600 lashes for 'phone relationship' with female pupil Iran Her heroin addict husband beat her and forced her into prostitution. The man who murdered her husband served 8 years in prison and is now free. But she is about to be stoned to death. ' Microsoft Prepares for End of Windows With Midori ' UK 3,000 Blank Passports and Visas Stolen from Security Van' Knoxville Tragedy Redeemed By Heroism' Israel as a Strategic Threat to Russia and the U.S. Israel is thought to have more nukes than Britain, China, India and Pakistan, and probably more than France. ' Starting August 9th George Orwells diaries will be posted online daily in blog form. What will we see in the Orwell diaries?' Karadzic Turned Over to UN War Crimes Tribunal' Mohawk community looks for answers weekend of violence in Quebec, Canada' The Internet Is Shit.' Emirates Airlines received the first Airbus A380  ' Zimbabwe to introduce new currency in order to combat hyperinflation' Protestors put on mouth gags in a demonstration against censorship during Olympic Games [pic]' IDF kills young Palestinian boy. Potentially NSFW.' Poles (heh) upset about bordering German nude beach' Malaysia  Call to teach journalism students proper reporting of Islam' China Using Olympics As Pretext For Crackdown Amnesty' Iran Sixteen Christian converts arrested' The International Olympic Committee agreed to website censorship. Critics decry Olympic committee's 'spineless' move of caving into the Olympic Games' authoritarian hosts. How Saudi Arabia's Prince Bandar muscled Tony Blair into silence. Son of Hamas leader converts to Christianity, denounces Islam'  Reuters seeks evidence on why cameraman held in Iraq' Pentagon Attempted To CoverUp KBRs Negligence In Electrocution Of U.S. Soldier' Mexico, like Switzerland, is fast becoming one of the recommended destinations for socalled death tourists' Body of ballooning priest found at sea' Bush Administration Demands Japan Shoulder War Costs' China accuses US of trying to sabotage Olympics' UK CCTV Cameras installed in cinemas.. watching you watching' Korean TV Leaks the Olympics opening ceremony to YouTube (VIDEO)' Radovan Karadzic tells UN court 'US tried to kill me'  Beer Tourism' One year of labor for posting photos. No charge. No trial. No appeals.' Unidentified disease with Ebola like symptoms kills 3, Chinese officials say there was some influenza' British girl's remains found in suitcase in Brazil Israel's Olmert to Step Aside Amid Corruption Probes Man Decapitated on Greyhound bus' China lashes out at U.S. for 'politicizing Beijing Olympics' World leaders trade blame as WTO talks fail' Love, blackmail and rape  how alQaeda grooms women as perfect weapons' An online hoax becomes a source about Karadzic' Robert Jensen Universal Patterns within Cultural Diversity  Patriarchy Makes Men Crazy and Stupid' China to Limit Web Access During Olympic Games' 5 Most Famous Cases of Gender Issues at the Olympics'