 BBC New Bolivian President Suspends Indefinitely USLed Drug Enforcement Operations' The thirteenyear old girl was stoned to death on October 27 by dozens of men in a stadium packed with 1,000 spectators ' Shipping industry in crisis due to global downturn The daily rental rates for Capesize big ships have dropped $234,000 to $7,340 in weeks' Syria's foreign minister says his country may resort to more painful measures if the United States doesn't give an official explanation for a deadly crossborder raid.' Gordon Brown says your data will never be completely safe with the Government' Third in a series of of pipline explosions hits BC, Canada' Tax website shut down as memory stick with secret personal data of 12million is found in a pub car park' Turkey has banned 850 websites this year, including YouTube and Blogger.' Recordhigh interest internationally in U.S. election' U.N. says Colombian military executing civilians' DEA barred from Bolivia for supporting antigovernment groups' Murdoch China, India will reshape the world' More than 1,000 Icelanders took to the streets of the capital Reykjavik to demonstrate against their government's handling of the banking crisis. Japan struggles with WWII legacy ' Saddam Hussein's yacht up for sale China's contaminated food scandal widens Radical muslims in Germany advocating the killing of Jews' Pakistani quake surviors beg for shelter from cold' Warning about the current financial crisis, from more than a year ago' Dalai Lama says his faith in China is shrinking' Maliki to Show US/Iraq Troops Pact to Neighbors  Comic' Israel spy chief fears Jewish extremist plot' the lambocopalmost reason enough to become a police officer in italy!' North Korea releases photo of 'ill' Kim Did Georgia commit crimes in South Ossetia?' The Israeli government has announced it will cut off all funding for illegal Jewish settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank' Israeli troops destroy West Bank settler outposts' Thousands of Indian farmers are committing suicide after using genetically modified crops' Wedding Party Turned Into Tragedy [vid]' Pakistan warns Petraeus against missile strikes' Some owners deserting factories in China' Japanese official fired for essay stating Japan's wartime agression was a positive thing I would learn that religion was actually being used as a weapon against these prisoners to break them ... that was something that went against the fundamental American value of religious freedom '  UK To Hire Foreign Soldiers As Police?' Serbia failed to protect minorities after Kosovo declared independence, and to prosecute Serbians who targeted them, says Human Rights Watch report.' UK Secretary of State for Work and Pensions James Purnell loses Cabinet ministerial red box correspondence on a train' Pakistan Warns Petraeus About the Downside of Raining Missiles on Its Citizens' Gary McKinnon, who has Asperger's, admitted to hacking into numerous military and NASA mainframes.  Now British politicians struggle to ensure that he is repatriated if convincted by US courts. Chinese in Taiwan for first talks since 1949'  Vatican reintroduces clocking in' Space junk falls harmlessly in South Pacific' Aid Group Says Zimbabwe Government Misused $7.3 Million' Moscow Denies Pentagon Claims of Stolen Russian Nuclear Weapons' BBC France To Cut Off Internet Access For Software Pirates' Sixty corpses of refugees from Somalia and Ethiopia washed up on beach' What Countries Does the New York Times Cover?' Protesters close India's Assam after deadly blasts French software pirates soon to be cutoff from the internets' Increasing kidnapping cases worsen Afghanistan's already chaotic situation British Airways staff slam smelly and annoying passengers on Facebook' Every MP to receive a copy of Orwell's Nineteen EightyFour' Scientists conclude a mud volcano that displaced 36,000 Indonesians was caused by exploratory drilling for natural gas.' A bill proposed in Dutch parliament would force women deemed unfit mothers to take contraception for two years.  Fail to comply and the state takes the newborn into custody.' Those New Photos of a Healthy Kim JongIl suppplied by North Korea..they have no shadows' Thousands of Indian farmers are committing suicide after using genetically modified crops ' Man dies in hospital after Calgary police use Taser during arrest on weekend' Conflict in Congo, refugees on the move [ Pictures ] ' Government to Chinese kids run at least 1km a day to fight obesity, celebrate Communist party' Modern day little red riding hood UN reports that Somali woman executed for adultery was instead a raped teen.' German doc moves to Australia to help during doctor shortage; two years later, he's told he can't stay b/c his son has Down's Syndrome Greenpeace calls off annual harrassment of Japanese whaling ships to concentrate on clearing the reputations of two activists accused of stealing whale meat.' At least two bomb blasts have injured more than 60 people in Thailand' Dominican migrant We ate flesh to survive being stranded in the ocean ' Israeli troops destroy West Bank settler structures' UN finds three internal displacement camps emptied and destroyed in Congo; tens of thousands missing; cholera outbreak possible.' Singapore brings contempt of court case against Wall Street Journal, Dow Jones Publishing.' Guantanamo Jury Sentences Bin Laden Aide to Life' South Korea facing 'kimchi deficit' Dalai Lama says talks a failure, Tibet 'now dying' Pakistanis give Gen. Petraeus an earful on his first visit' For sale Saddam Hussein's luxury yacht Crisis Creates a New German Politics' Talk or I restart war, Congo rebel tells government' Rebel leader says he will continue fighting towards the Congo capital unless the government agrees to public talks.' Two top state police officers slain in Mexico, where 12 officers have been killed in five days' Kenya declares holiday for Obama' The Western media has recently outdone itself in censoring important stories  stories which contradict the policies and interests the media seeks to uphold...' Does it seem like every other US bomb dropped in Afghanistan hits a wedding party?' Plane crashes in centre of Mexico City' Half of the Zimbabwe population faces starvation' Woman drives sleeping rapist to police station' At least 38 civilians dead in another strike on a wedding party in Afghanistan...' Newspaper frontpages around the world this morning. Thanks, USA!' Kidnappers Kill Five Year Old Boy By Injecting Acid Into his Heart' Russian Pres Dmitry Medvedev 'Presidential term should be extended' Russian President in State of the Nation address says that when Barack Obama becomes U.S. President, the relaions between the two countries will get a second wind.' McCain loses with class' Poll reveals Germans would like return to nationalisation' Israel Launches Deadly Airstrike in Gaza. ah shit!' Riot/celebration at White House  crowd shouting Bush out  anyone nearby have any updates? (saw this breaking on CBC TV)' Mexican Interior Minister dies in plane crash.  CIA not suspected.' Hamas militants pounded southern Israel with a barrage of rockets Wednesday, hours after Israeli forces killed six gunmen in a fresh bout of violence' Russia will deploy shortrange missiles in the Baltic Sea region near the border with Poland in response to plans by the United States to build an antimissile system in Europe.' Artificial hair on submarines may help them overcome turbulence' Human Rights Watch says more cluster munitions than previously reported were used by both sides in S. Ossetia war.' If you're ever accused of war crimes, hiding out near the Hague may not be the best idea.  Bosnian war crimes supect arrested in Netherlands. Mexico's interior secretary killed in plane crash Kim Jong Il Said to Visit Military Units, Despite Health Rumors' Russian President to Increase Presidential Term to 6 Years' Jamie Oliver says the British don't know how to cook London Smokers to be banned from fostering children' Suddenly, It May Be Cool To Be American Again'  Pirate pride in Sweden as Pirate Bay hits 22 million peers ' Want to help third world countries improve in the long term but kind of a tight ass? Try Kiva' Supermarkets to be asked to take people's fingerprints for ID Card scheme. Internet freedom under threat from governments' Morales says US antidrug DEA killed Bolivian farmers' Jacqui ID Cards' Smith has had her fingerprints borrowed  no need to pop to the supermarket for her now!' Rice Mideast peace pact unlikely by end of year  I hate to be cynical, but we really expected this to happen?' Son of Osama bin Laden loses asylum bid in Spain ' Up here in Canada, we love the USA today. We were NEVER antiAmerican ... only antineocon!' Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez's government says it is taking over one of the world's largest gold deposits. A Nepali teacher has finally turned his dream into reality by connecting his remote mountain community to the internet.' 28yearold Oxford grad becomes Bhutan's new king and world's youngest monarch Russia Warns of Missile Deployment ' Ireland's headshops raided for selling herbal ecstacy Italy's internet usage is one of the lowest in Europe.  Does that make it backwards? Suicide bomber hits Pakistan tribal elders' Mexican Hitmen Finish off Victim During Surgery ' UK passport fees to jump by a third to more than 100 to pay for fingerprinting' UN High Commissioner for Human Rights told the BBC she was taken aback by the terrible conditions in Gaza on a recent visit' French magazine banned over Islam cover' ZIMBABWE Hunting for good garbage to eat' UK interest rates slashed by 1.5% to 3%  lowest since 1955!' NYTimes Georgia Fired Inaccurate Cluster Bombs, Often Bombing Their Own Cities And Killing Their Own Civilians' People 'can't wait for ID cards'  WTF?  Why would anyone  (even if indifferent to the scheme) actually WANT an ID card?' Kim Jong Il Photoshop Error Betrays Leader's Health Problems? (PHOTOS) NYTimes Newly available accounts raise questions about the accuracy and honesty of Georgias insistence that it acted defensively against Russian aggression.' Iran Response to Obama Victory' Israel seems to have little time for the irony that a modern Jewish shrine to coexistence and tolerance is being built on the graves of the city's Muslim forefathers.' Woman Guilty of Unlawful Sex With 14yo Student' Read the blogs of students quarantined in a Chinese University as a cholera epidemic unfolds' Oil strikes 21month low under $US58' Huge Protests in Georgia, the people demand an explanation from the government for the mistakes of the war, which Saakashvili launched an offense to reclaim separatist South Ossetia' UK Loses Billions in Renewables Installation Because of US Tax Rebates  BP expects to have one gigawatt of US wind power installed by 2008 and to have trebled that amount by 2010.' Georgia Claims on Russia War Called Into Question ' U.S. Missile Kills 10 in Pakistan.  Has anyone else noticed that since the U.S. accelerated the air war, civilian deaths are far outweighing Taliban deaths?' US Imposes Banking Sanctions on Iran' Stu Rasmussen becomes the first openly transgender mayor in the United States. First are happening! Keep the firsts going people!' Kashmir city has now become a prison, every second day they impose a curfew without announcing it' Scott Pelley '60 Minutes' Crew Attacked in China While Reporting Putin er...Medvedev orders missiles deployed in Europe' South Asian nations agree to build 243,000tonne grain reserve' 60 Minutes crew attacked by angry Chinese' Father Sold Drugs in Nightclubs to Find Daughter's Rapists Aussie milk contaminated, says China'  IMF bails out Ukraine  Business News, Business  The Independent' GM Opens $300 Million Russian Plant to Boost Sales' Jigme Khesar Namgyel Wangchuck, the youngest king crowned' Oil's stunning retreat How long can it last? UK Judge asks media whether to release Guantanamo Bay 'torture' evidence Conservatives take New Zealand John Key says NZ election win a 'vote for change' Blueprints for Auschwitz camp found in Germany' One million Cubans evacuate as Hurricane Paloma,  now Cat 4, aims for Cuba' Israeli Supreme Court rules it's fine to build a build a Museum of Tolerance on top of a centuriesold Muslim cemetery' Iran slams Obama's tough language on nukes  'A step in the wrong direction' New Zealand votes. The world holds its breath.' Report in US undercuts Georgian claim of how war started' Russia's Putin may return as president in 2009  US State Department admits Georgia erred in August attack on South Ossetia' Pakistani militants kill 2 alleged U.S. spies.  Warnings are found pinned to bodies dumped in volatile border region.' Israel Developing NukeHunting Drone' Stonewall Bigots of the Year or Government Stooges?' PM faces tough battle as NZ votes ' Arizona boy, 8, accused of killing 2, including dad' After five years of appeals, 3 are finally executed for Bali Bombings.' China aims at higher nuclear power capacity  70 million kilowatts by 2020' A light unto nations  Israel army studies 'abuse video' Multimillionaire takes control of New Zealand' Druglord's house raided. hundreds of high powered weapons, grenades and rocket launchers secured in Mexico Bali bombers executed by firing squad' Third deadly Hurricane in this year over Cuba  Fidel Castro' Dozens Dead in Hatian School Collapse (AP Footage)' Megan Megan suicide letter found. Her bragging that her daddy would be president, allegedly made all her friends sick she said it ad nauseum.' Russias new nuclear attack submarine starts sea trials' 6,000 Muslim clerics from around India approved a fatwa against terrorism.' Report Georgia May Have Sparked War With Russia  Washington Post Investigations' Georgia fired first shot, say UK monitors' Stunned Icelanders Struggle After Economys Fall' China to bailout own citizens rather than banks' Student detained after refusing to shake hands with Israeli President' Blasphemy law ditched by the Dutch' Michael Woodward was a priest who was brutally tortured by Pinochet's regime before being shot in the chest and buried in an unmarked grave  now his kidnappers face justice  Bush Adm Tries To Block Release Of Prisoner Abuse Photos ' U.S. military admits killing 37 Afghan civilians in battling militants' A man who police believe was shot and killed by his 8yearold son had consulted a Roman Catholic priest about whether the boy should handle guns and had taught him how to use a rifle' Cyprus Elects Communist President. The 61yearold Sovieteducated history professor won 53%. He now describes himself as a progressive socialist who supports some free market policies.' Christian Monks Brawl at Jerusalem Shrine' While US bails out banks and failed auto makers, China is spending $568 billion on infrastructure and social welfare' How Merrill Lynch failed even after insurers stopped insuring their crazy mortgage deals, ML kept making them' The page that says  Palin blamed by the US Secret service is missing' Artifacts believed to be from Kristallnacht An Israeli writer believes objects in a dump near Berlin are related to the 1938 pogrom considered by many to be the start of the Holocaust.' Israeli authorities reject the claims that the black Hebrews are authentic Jews' The 6million squatters Artist gang flies the black flag of  anarchy over Mayfair mansion (Daily Mail)' 'Childwitches' of Nigeria seek refuge Voting for Reproductive Freedom' Egypt kicks out bin Laden's son Russian navy sub accident kills more than 20' Mexico Under Seige For Tijuana children, drug war gore is part of their school day ' Russia to Deploy Missiles Only If U.S. Builds Shield ' Digital forensics expert determines recent Kim JongIl photo was NOT manipulated.'  Inspired by Barack Obama, the French say 'Yes, we can!' too, to ending racism Secret order lets U.S. attack what it considered to be Al Qaeda anywhere in the world.' Maldives' government will start saving to buy a new homeland in case global warming causes the country to disappear into the sea. UK judge bans youth from wearing hoodie.  Upheld by high court.' New rules might force British universities to spy on and police the activities of foreign students.' What's wrong in Britain today  Daily Mail, anyone?  Paul Dacre should be shot. Fist Fight!  Rival monks slug it out in Jerusalem.' Ushahidi, a crowdsourcing tool to map incidents of violence in a region, just launched in the Democratic Republic of the Congo' MPs seek to censor the media ' the United States and Europe are key to forging a new world order. UK prime Minister' Secret Order Lets U.S. Raid Al Qaeda in Many Countries  NYTimes.com' Dozens of Italian footballers fall prey to fatal disease' China's human flesh search engine allows citizens to track down wanted criminals, but is justice or witchhunting?' After solving all their problems Pakistan Declares Death Penalty for 'Cyber Terror' Report AlQaida planning Britain strikes. Scare tactics or real threat?' Maldives plans to buy new homeland as insurance policy against global warming' Marine census leads to discovery of more than 200 new species' Gordon Brown calls for new world order to beat recession ' German rape victims mother withdraws complaint' Cambodian police chief dies in helicopter crash' Italy next to bail out banks' China Unveils $586 Billion Stimulus Package' German state legislator under fire for Obama slurs' Gobekli Tepe The Worlds First Temple? | Smithsonian Magazine' IAEA Documents linking Iran to nuclear weapons push may have been fabricated' The United States abandoned a nuclear weapon beneath the ice in northern Greenland following a crash in 1968, a BBC investigation has found.' Holocaust survivors to Mormons Stop baptisms of dead Jews' How good is your Northern African/Middle East Geography?' Obama has reportedly told Poland that there is no guarantee the proposed antimissile shield for Eastern Europe will be built.' Largest Australian ISP agrees to a live test of the Great Firewall they called ridiculous' Blogger Jailed for 20 Years Over Poem that Mocked Burmese Dictator' A court in Burma has sentenced at least 14 members of a wellknown prodemocracy group to 65 years in prison.'  World recalls end of World War I' Lest we forget, hell on earth... in memory of those who perished in the Great War.' FalseFlag anyone? Osama bin Laden is planning an attack against the United States that will outdo by far September 11' Baby 'used as punchbag' died despite 60 visits from social services A look around WWI battle sites' In occupied Hebron, the abnormal has become normal.' Protests urged as Myanamr jails blogger for 20 years' Israel allows some fuel into Gaza ' Burma prison court sentences blogger to 20 years, poet to two years' Killing in Edmonton stuns Dexter producer' Kim JongIller? Reports Kim JongIl had second stroke' Masked gunmen in Pakistan hijak a convoy delivering military vehicles and other supplies to US troops in Afghanistan.' Meet the single motheroffive who lives like a Queen in a $2,000,000 home...courtesy of the taxpayer' Pakistan aims to recapture trucks stolen in Khyber' BBC host replaced in 'racism' row How cells take out biological trash to prevent diseases' UN warns over Gaza food blockade' Sudan's President has announced an immediate ceasefire in Darfur. Former boxer who killed pedophile wins prosecutors hearts' Israel blocks the flow of food into gaza.  The mormons should baptize those palestenians before they starve to death.' Afghan schoolgirls burned by acid in attack by men on motorcycle' The United Nations Is Worthless, Exhibit A' Japan was not the aggressor?!?' Italian Minister of Employment 'My whole country is full of lazy fuckers' In Depth Interview of Gareth Porter  Broke the Story About Fabricated 'Iran Working on Nukes' Evidence Second Class Citizens  Israel's 'deliberate and insufferable' discrimination of Arabs Israelis. Tony Blair bodyguard fires gun in Israeli airport' Iran Claims to Test Missile Within Israel's Reach  5,000 of taxpayers' money spent on training caviar inspectors as Britain nears recession Reports of looting, rapes as Congo peace fades ' When religion goes horribly wrong' Acid Attack on Afghan Schoolgirls' Schoolgirls sprayed with acid in Afghanistan (Islamic Burqa protects some victims on their way to school)' British people banned from using the word 'British' in case it upsets ethnic minorities  Can you spare $500? Nigerian scammers turn to Facebook'  Iran testfires new missile, Israel within reach' India gives life sentences to the two men, one a Communist leader, who raped and killed the 18 year old girl who led protests that ultimately forced Tata Motors to relocate its Nano factory.' For the first time India announces the arrest of 9 Hindu terrorists accused of antiMuslim violence.' Afghan Insurgency Stronger Than Ever, Taliban Training Extremely Young Soldiers (VIDEO)' Greenpeace Activists Detain Palm Oil Tanker Where Do Readers Stand on Direct Action?' UK recession bites. Jobless numbers at 11year high.' Angered over the French indictment of a presidential aide, Rwanda threatens to arrest French nationals in retaliation.' Now for being stupid and believing in witchcraft you will have to work much harder to recoup the money you gave us. Note left by Pyramid scheme operators to taunt angry victims.' Slapped Iraqi soldier shoots dead two US troops' Over a Million Liters of Alcohol for Thirsty German Soldiers in Afghanistan' More human rights abuses by Israel Gaza shut to fuel and journalists' Gaza Again Plunged into Darkness, Hunger as Israel Blocks Fuel, Food to Suffering Population' Russian girl learns she's an African princess Man with HIV gets bone marrow transplant for his leukemia, is free of HIV infections two years on.' Mitch Mitchell, Hendrix Drummer, Found Dead' Two girls blinded in Afghan acid attack' Hamas willing to accept a Palestinian state within 1967 borders and offer Israel ceasefire; meanwhile, UN running out of Gaza food aid as a result of Israel's blockade Dick waving in full swing US Rejects Russian Offer to Scrap European Missiles' UK falsely brands 12,000 as criminals' Does anyone have any decent pictures or footage of the fighting in DR Congo? All I can find is pics of refugees and a few interviews' Output from the world's oilfields is declining faster than previously thought, the first authoritative public study of the biggest fields shows.' Germany in recession' The failed suicide bomber who changed the war on terror in Afghanistan' Maldives President wants to relocate his entire sinking country!' Every Major Terrorist Threat Has Ties to Pakistan' Commandos operating from a warship of the Indian navy have prevented an attempt by pirates to hijack a ship in the Gulf of Aden' Gunmen kidnapped an Iranian diplomat in Pakistan after killing his guard  ' Baron Rothschild There is a New World Order.Banks will Deleverage and there will be a new form of global governance. ' Interpol raids net illegal internet drug peddlers in nine countries, including England, Canada and the US.' Turkey may send six youths between the ages of 13 and 14 to prison for up to 23 years for participating in proPKK demonstrations.' Somali pirate standoff Tanks, but No Tanks' It was only a matter of time before this happened.' Russia Ready to buy Iceland for good money.' RUSSIA'S parliament will rush through a constitutional amendment that could see Vladimir Putin return to the presidency within weeks. Dubai What goes up, up, up...must come down. Only 5% of GDP comes from oil, leaving them poised for a big fall.' Taliban sprays Afghan girls with acid for not wearing burqas' Paulson in 2007 I have no interest in bailing out lenders or property speculators.' Indian probe touches down on Moon ' What's really happening in the Middle East Iran and Saudi Arabia are engaged in a Cold War that is playing out in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Sarkozy urges US, Russia to shelve missile plans' Taliban kill mullah critical of suicide attacks.  Religious leader slain days after preaching against oftused tactic.' India suffering disease of affluence' Australia is preparing to block public access to 10,000 websites deemed to carry unwanted content.' US drone strike kills 12 in Pakistan' Israeli troops face abuse trial' British troops out of Iraq by end of 2009 Iraqi official' Sarkozy to Putin Do you want to end up like Bush? ' U.N. says thick brown clouds of soot, particles and chemicals stretching from the Persian Gulf to Asia threaten health and food supplies in the world' Obama aide in 'antiAra row  Are we just going to let this shit happen? These fuckers are robbing us in plain sight !' Local council spends $150,000 of taxpayers' cash....in bid to save taxpayers' cash  Vetting blunders label 12,000 innocent Britons as paedophiles, violent thugs and thieves' Russian leader Medvedev heading to Cuba & Venezuela ' Junk mail levels drop by 70% all because of the closure of one web hosting company' Egypt halts doctor visas to Saudi'  Martin Kettle Tabloid irresponsibility means readers get most of their political information from newspapers no one trusts | Comment is free | The Guardian ' EU unveils plan to weaken Russian grip on gas supply' Putin I am going to hang Saakashvili by the balls. Why not? The Americans hanged Saddam Hussein. Sarkozy Yes, but do you want to end up like Bush? Putin You have a point' Jewish Settlers throw rocks at palestinians, IDF tries to force human rights worker recording the events to turn his camera off' Surprise surprise, now clueless UK politicians think they can regulate the internet through 'league tables' and 'age identity cards' Woman reaches US army's top rank Child protection register failed to communicate more than 80% of the abuse cases!' Russia Set To Change Constitution To Allow Vladimir Putin To Become President Again' Israel for blocking entry of journalists into Gaza' Did Michelangelo Have a Hidden Agenda?' Must Read If You Haven't Already 'The Israel Lobby' By Professors Mearsheimer and Walt Vandals blew up a statue of Lenin in Ryazan' Taliban urge world to block Afghan executions' British Couple Divorce Over Second Life I looked at the computer screen and could see his character having sex with a female character. It's cheating as far as I'm concerned' Must Watch Documentary The Israel Lobby and US Foreign Policy' Egyptian doctor sentenced to fifteen years jail, 1,500 lashes in Saudi Arabia' U.N Reports Accuse Israel of Human Rights Abuses Against Palestinians' Ron Paul on the up and coming G20 Summit' Curly Cukes to be Decriminalised' Canada Alert Rumour has it that a massive computer fraud has hit the PC Bank' Britain passes out pedometers to battle obesity and create nine healthy towns.' Hong Kong finds melamine in fish feed from mainland China' Sri Lanka Seizes Tamil Stronghold ' Croat government bans Christmas' Up to 50 nuclear warheads are believed to have gone missing during the Cold War, and not all of them are in unpopulated areas.' UN closes Gaza aid centers, citing lack of food' Car Bombing in Iraq Kills at Least 7 ' Israel prevents 15 truckloads of medicine from entering Gaza' Wikipedia blocked in Germany by leftwinged gay politician Lutz Heilmann. ' Policeman Beats and Kills Unarmed Man in Custody, is Convicted of Manslaughter and Given One Year Prison' Chronic malnutrition in Gaza blamed on Israel' Where tax goes up to 60 per cent, and everybody's happy paying it! In Sweden high rates underpin a very successful society Isolated Paraguayan Tribe Wins Wins Lawsuit They Didn't File Hiroshima The Lost Photographs' Gordon Brown wants to turn all British citizens into organ donors, willy nilly, unless they individually opt out. WTF!' World Leaders Agree to Act Together on Financial Crisis' Powerful 7.5 quake recorded in Indonesia' Less than 20% of Brits trust newspapers' Russian spy in Nato could have passed on missile defence and cyberwar secrets' Albino Africans Live In Fear Of Cannibal Witch Doctors' The Earth's 6th Great Mass Extinction is Occurring as You Read This Japanese ship seized by Somali pirates' Somali pirates hijacked Japanese cargo ship' It's five minutes to midnight. UK awash in donated Aussie sperm Come again, Aussie backpackers told' U.N. Agency in Gaza Runs Out of Food' Seventh foot, shod in a New Balance trainer, washes up as mystery deepen' Limerick rival clans show no sign of ending conflict' A bitter harvest  The West Bank's olive harvest is in full swing, and so are the settlers' clubs and the soldiersatons EURussia Summit Brussels and Moscow Rediscover Friendship' How Hindu extremists in India killed two birds with one stone' Tony Blair's Iraq adviser wins 50,000 U.S. defence jo Pirates hijack Saudi 'super tanker' German intelligence scrubs European records after Wikileaks exposure' Zoo cleaner commits suicide by feeding himself to three white tigers... Wow, what a way to go...' AntiScientology book pulled in UK' UK Officials Plan To Grow GeneticallyModified Crops In Top Secret Military Locations In Order To Thwart Angry AntiGM Extremists.' UK society 'condemning' children How Bush's grandfather helped Hitler's rise to power It Looks As If Putin is Carrying Out a Constitutional Junta.' McClellan George W. Bush Outed CIA Agent Valerie Plame watch! ' Former senior law lord, Lord Bingham, says Britain broke international law by invading Iraq' Ethnic riot erupts in Czech town' Japan, the world's secondlargest economy, tumbles into recession No Wonder They Want To Bomb Iran The government is now reportedly holding gold as its reserves, as versus one fiat currency or another.' Chavez Spies on Rivals In Election  plays tapped conversation in TV comercial' Russia may use 'overkill' missiles to counter U.S. shield Japan firm recalls US water  Smelled like medicine or pesticide' Suspected ETA commando leader arrested in France' Donor 'optout' proposal rejected India's Richest Lost $200 BILLION Iran navy tightens grip on Persian Gulf' Archaeoastronomy dynamically counts down the days, hours and minutes until equinoxes, solstices and cross quarters' [Australia] Alleged burglar critical after citizen's arrest (resident reportedly sat on him) Japan firm recalls 8 million bottles of U.S. mineral water ' Suspected ETA military chief arrested in France' The current economic rescue plan, in a comic [PIC]' Haitians are so desperate for food that many mothers wait to name their newborns because so many infants die of malnourishment' Israeli Tanks Storm Into Gaza Strip' Hillary Clinton will be the next Secretary of State. In Westchester/NYC, Bill is saying Sweet! Yeah! Off to foreign lands! Have fun! In Albany, Paterson is saying This is my ticket out!' China says no to sending troops to Afghanistan' Australian navy given two months off for Christmas' Afghan article says US BinLadin hunt phoney ' 60 Journos Arrested at Sudan censorship rally' Congo  a picture that changed a life' ETA chief arrested in southern France ' Tibetan Exiles Meet to Ponder Strategy' Child refugees make up 60% of the 250,000 fleeing in Congo  Pictures' Iraq invasion 'serious violation of international law' CNNs Michael Ware on Iraq withdrawal agreement Tehran was in the room.' Russia to build nuclear reactor for Venezuela' Somali Pirates Holding 14 Ships With 250+ Men Hostage' Hijacked oil tanker nears Somalia ' British airline pilots threaten strike over ID card plan' Former MIT Student now a Terrorism Suspect is Not Mentally Competent and Unfit for Trial.' Iranian grain ship seized as Somali pirates hold world to ransom' Single Sex Schools to Make a Comeback...How Realistic Is the Thought?' BBC Seized tanker anchors off Somalia' Stage set for IndoRussia nuke pact ' Israel supports direct talks with Iran.  Says global financial crisis should delay war with Iran.' Obama Meets With McCain in Chicago ' The Japanese comic version of Das Kapital joins a collection of increasingly fierce literary critiques of the global capitalist system.' India sinks Somali pirate ship' New prostitution laws in the UK mean men who pay to have sex with trafficked women may face rape charges, and ignorance is no defense.' Finally someone steps up to Somali pirates INDIA sinks pirate mother ship' Israel boycotts UN racism conference, claims bias' Egypt and Israel were at war. Anwar Sadat, Egypt's President, flew to Jerusalem to make peace. His plane door opened. Israel stood still. Israeli buglers sounded the salute. An unforgettable moment. After a mere four years, Ireland plans to reinstate a ban on handguns.' With no money, Pakistan moms abandon kids' Somali pirates transform villages into boomtowns  building sprawling stone McMansions' British and American military secrets may have been passed to the Russians by a double agent  biggest spy scandal since CIA traitor Aldrich Ames' Israel slams UN call to end blockade' Forget Red vs. Blue  It's the Educated vs. People Easily Fooled by Propaganda The Government of Israel continues to act recklessly, and with utter disregard for the human rights of the Palestinian people, including their right to life and safety.' A 26yearold flight student is dead after a propeller accident' The British National Party (BNP) membership list which has been published online by an exmember can be found here' IRAQ WAR ENDS' UN Calls For End To Israeli Blockade Of Gaza Strip' IAEA Bombed Syrian site had features like a nuclear reactor' Today we have around 1.8 million (reported) cases of Police Torture Each Year in India. Those Tortured are generally the (LowCaste) Dalits, the Tribals and the Muslims.' Well, well.  Blackwater wants to fight pirates now.  How unexpected.' early thaw in the coming cold war?  Moscow reaches out to Obama on missiles' Pirates strike again, seize Hong Kong grain ship bound for Iran' More challenges to secret copyright treaty' WTF? Barack Obama Faces Charges in Memphis ' spy called 'The Spaniard' may have betrayed British and U.S. secrets to Russia for more than a decade UK government unveils plan for sex trade crackdown' Bush ignored by the other world leaders at the G20 meeting' Israel Bans International Media from Gaza, Arrests Human Rights Activists' Somali Pirates We dont consider ourselves sea bandits, he said. We consider sea bandits those who illegally fish in our seas and dump waste in our seas and carry weapons in our seas.' Teenage Indian boy was thrashed, paraded through the streets with his head shaved and then thrown under a train for daring to write a love letter to a girl from a different caste. ' Russia to build nuclear reactor for Chvez' The $23 Million Ceiling at UN European headquarters in Geneva' Man, the Dutch have it good [PIC]' IMF finally approves $2.1B loan to Iceland' Afghanistan drug production up 150% since 2001' Hebrew papers told of Arab plan' India praised for sinking pirates' Under Iraq Troop Pact , US Can't Leave Any Forces (Military or Civilian Contractors) Behind Crisis in paradise Meltdown leaves ghost resorts.' U.S. Missile Strikes beyond Pakistan's Tribal Belt Experts say the Smithsonian's Hope Diamond once belonged to Louis XIV and was looted during the French Revolution. S Africa to cut aid to Zimbabwe' Easyjet puts chokehold on windpipe op' Syria Claims Israel Planted Uranium (UN Listens)' Tokyo War Crimes indictment against George W. Bush' International Space Station celebrates decade in space' Hungry in Zimbabwe 'If you rest, you starve' The World's Most Powerful Eating Strategies UN agrees DR Congo troop increase' Oil price drops below $50 a barrel' Man banned from all churches in England and Wales' Denmark considers outlawing male circumcision on minors.' Russian scholar Our people are much more nationalistic, much more chauvanistic, and antidemocratic than Putin himself, so the current regime is by no means the worst that we could have. (AUDIO)' Family makes 200K a year and gives most of it away' Week End Picnic Families Slaughtered by Israel on Gaza Beach' Children are dying in Haiti, victims of food crisis' Radio host shocked as woman admits eating 'little black girls' The U.S. Department of Energys National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) and Petrleo Brasileiro S.A. (Petrobras) to Commercialize Biofuels' More Than 1/3 of China's Land is Being Scoured by Erosion! Food Supplies at Risk! What's the most generous nation in humanitarian donations in relation to GNP?  Surprise! It's Saudi Arabia.  US and England don't even hit the top 5.  Russian parliament approves extension of presidential term' AlJazeera editorial wonders why Western diplomats are such slow learners' Russian Duma passes reform to extend presidency to 6 years. Welcome back, Comrade Putin?' Germany Drops Attempt to Ban Scientology'  French Socialists in runoff vote' Poland Picketing hospital workers call for turning hospitals into cooperatives instead of traditional privatization' Russia set to extend presidential term' US global dominance 'set to wane' UN should suspend Israel membership Nobel Laureate Maguire' World struggles to take on plague of Somali piracy' Slump in stockmarkets wipes out twothirds of China's billionaires Cholera outbreak strikes Zimbabwe' What is the value of 500 Rs for different people in India or rather the World' billionaires body stolen' How the Allied multinationals supplied Nazi Germany throughout World War II' ATTN RIAA/MPAA This is piracy.' Swiss Army bans vegetarians from fighting ' Kofi Annan and Jimmy Carter barred from visiting Zimbabwe to assess the humanitarian crisis' Former police chief in Argentina, wanted for alleged crimes against human rights, has shot himself dead on live TV.' Progressive, tolerant Malaysia issues a fatwa...on yoga' 1,000 penalties for outofdate ID details' Icelanders demand PM resignation, clash with police' In this year so far 24 missile attacks have taken place killing 344 civilians. The number of socalled militants does not exceed ten.' Daryl Hannah Helps Stop Japanese Whaling By Joining The Sea Shepherd, The Ship Stopped $70M In Whaling By Japanese Last Year' Situation in Pakistan more dire than Afghanistan expert' Mugabe tries to hide cholera death toll' Perth Mint (AU) is overloaded with demand for gold, suspends taking orders until JAN 09' Refusal to declare Lisbon dead 'treason', It is a simple question will you respect the Irish vote?' Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan to get antisniper device that can pinpoint the position of the shooter within a fraction of a second'  Iran executes man in Israeli spy case' Michael Jackson Converted To Islam' China stole files related to NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter that detailed the space vehicle's propulsion system, solar panels, and fuel tanks Australia's Sex Party takes on 'nanny state' Paraguay reports 2nd crossborder raid by Brazilian troops' Is Mexico Finally Cleaning Up Corruption? Mexico Arrests ExChief of Antidrug Agency ' Britain colder than Moscow as blizzards sweep in from the Arctic' Afghanistan's struggle to tap wind energy  Iran hangs Iranian convicted of spying for Israel' HIV/AIDS spreading fast in Russia despite more funding to fight it, AIDS coordinator says' The God Delusion = Judas Priest = D&D' A former police chief in Argentina, wanted for alleged crimes against human rights, has shot himself dead in front of television cameras. (video)  ' Government Protests Turn Nasty in Iceland' Swiss to UBS bosses give us our money back, or we'll feed you to the crocodiles. ' TED Debunking thirdworld myths with the best stats you've ever seen Warships from all Russian Navy fleets to fight piracy off Somalia' Presidents of Georgia and Poland fired upon in Georgia  facts very unclear...' Smoking ban final nail in the coffin to French cafes ... the French are starting to eat like Americans.  How sad.' Dozens injured as army open fire at Children's Day rally 52 whales die in mass stranding in Australia.' Germans held in Kosovo over blast' Islamist fighters warn pirates to free Saudi tanker' Plitvice Lakes in Croatia | amazing pics' Argentine man kills himself on live TV' Spain's fascists hold rally Beheadings in Guatemala jail riot' Avast Ye Privateers' Jaguar in secret plea for 1bn gov't loan just months after being bought by Tata, the Indian conglomerate 'This may be the most thoughtprovoking film I've seen all year,' Israeli animated documentary about the Sabra and Shatila massacre of 1982 Ministers to hold summit on church closure crisis' ProAmerican Iraqi Defense Minister Threatens Parliament Defense minister tells country Keep U.S. Forces or Face Martial Law' Migration (hijra) in Islam  the plan of conquering the west through immigration' U.S. Army Investing $50 Million in Video Games' Jabotinsky's grandson joins Likud Chavez tested in Venezuelan polls' Obama's Mideast peace platform is coming into focus   Olmert in U.S. to bid farewell to Bush ' Jacques Vergs, 83, is probably the world's most notorious criminal attorney China fails at irony, bans Chinese Democracy' Japan turns to the left, especially the young, and the communist party grows as more people realize todays injustices mirror those of Imperial/Capitalist Japan.  ' Russian analyst predicts decline and breakup of U.S.' We are not the moral people we pretend to be, not as long as we allow the Israelis to commit these war crimes.' Don't mess with these chicks or you'll be sari British police to be issued 10,000 Taser guns  What happened to these being a weapon of last resort used by specalist officers?' Pink Sari Gang India's Bad Ass Vigilante Group Despite being declared the largest labour rights offender in the world, Colombia has signed a free trade deal with Canada.' Bullying is not a joke, no seriously..' Taser plan suffers blow after UK Met Police Authority's rejection Just killed an old man and put his wife in a critical condition? Time for McDonalds! ' A list of 25 pretty good date ideas that don't even cost a Quarter ...  Tony Blair's private life spied on by US intelligence agency The last feudal state in the Western world is soon to become a democracy' Who was behind the theft of South Africa's weaponsgrade nuclear material? Photo Essay Gazas (Literal) Underground Economy' They didn't accept HIVpositive people ... they shot them and burned the bodies' Police to get 10,000 Taser guns  Because More Tasers for Authority equals More Freedom and Safety for Us, i guess.' Georgian officials shots fired at president's motorcade Recession has hit UK middle classes so hard that many are forced to pull their children out of private schools' Dubai bowed to international pressure and for the first time revealed the level of debt it has racked up during one of the biggest building sprees the world has ever seen' Crisis forces Russians to cut back vodka drinking' Wicked flood has thousands homeless in Brazil' Police examine culpability of those who encouaged internet suicide' London Police boycott tasers because of their potential to cause fear and damage public confidence' Reddit upvoted the original story, why not this one? Muslims arrest those involved in acid attack against schoolgirls in afghanistan' Greenlanders go to the polls in referendum on selfrule' Sunken 'pirate ship' was actually Thai trawler, owner says  Seventytwo percent of the Israeli public rated the general level of corruption in the Israeli government as high to very high' The freedom of historical debate is under attack by the memory police' US intelligence kept a file of personal nature on Tony Blair while he was Prime Minister, in violation of an agreement between Britain and the US not to spy on each others leaders' Food Bank in Seattle, Washington. C'mon RedditLet's Donate In Brenden Foster's name. Hey, Arab lady, you don't like it that we destroyed your homes?  Here's a headbut for you, and one for your Arab friend, too!  Now you're all under arrest. 10 Taliban arrested in acid attack on schoolgirls' UN General Assembly President Accuses Israel of Apartheid and Calls for a Campaign of Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Against Israel' First pics of Indian navy sinking pirate ship' The end of the cafe/bar culture?' Somali Pirate 'Mothership' sinking a mistake?  Russia sues Ukraine over gas debt' Between September and October property prices have plummeted by as much as 49% in some parts of Dubai' The Czech Republic's Vaclav Klaus is next in the rotation as president of the European Union, a fact that makes some in the Union very nervous. Blast kills 3 outside Russia subway station' Oops, Sunken 'pirate ship' was actually Thai trawler, owner says  Russian warships cruise into US back yard to make power point' WalMart to Give 90 Million lbs Food to Help Combat Hunger ' Zimbabwe Health Crisis A Disaster of Unimaginable Proportions' Nobody every seems to give a shit about the Congo' Kim JongIl Apparently Healthy.' Zimbabwe on brink of collapse as outbreak of cholera spreads' RIP Brenden Foster, the 11yearold whose last wish was to feed the homeless.' Georgian ambassador admits that they started it.' How Canada honours our war dead sends shivers down my spine... seeing it in person is beyond breathtaking' Turns out Indian Navy actually sank Thai fishing boat, not pirate mothership. Embarassing...' Mumbai under attack. Bomb blast and firefights in South Mumbai. Blasts and gun flights in Oberoi, Taj and Trident Hotels. A lot of Chaos, nothing is clear at the moment. ' South Africa President Mbekis denial of the wellestablished scientific consensus about the viral cause of AIDS and the essential role of antiretroviral drugs led to the death of 365,000 people' Pirate Boat Indian Navy Sank Was Thai Trawler.' Mumbai rocked by deadly shootings ' Evidence Suggests British Liquid Bomb Plot was Directed by UK/Pakistan/US Intelligence ' Greenland votes for selfrule' Divers Find Ammunition on Lusitania,  so much for 'innocent passanger ship'. Quixtar and Amway are scams  Spread the word.' Following in China's footsteps, US baby formula manufacturers add melamine! Mumbai attacked by terrorists'  3,000 dead from cholera in Zimbabwe, Local Government takes action to conceal the scale of this deadly epidemic' Onethird of China's Yellow River is Heavily Polluted with Industrial Discharge Everest and Himalayan Glaciers Could Vanish By 2035, Imperiling a Billion People' Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Wednesday he would bring down U.S. planes bombing villages if he could' Chinese villege may have Roman Ancestry  unusual numbers of western faces among chinese brethren...' Muslim clerics cancel fatwa against... yoga' Man Who Killed 6 Cops with a Knife is Executed ' Thai crisis exposes class struggle ' Palestinian Children Teargassed Protesting 'Annexation Wall' Official Russians want to search for oil off Cuba.' Intimidation and murder in CocaColas Colombian factories' Live updates on Mumbai Blasts' Johan Franzen scores the Goal of the Year [VID]' Israeli forces destroy Palestinian greenhouses and farms in Gaza ' Experts doubt Al Qaeda link in Mumbai attacks' Israeli Occupation Firces troops fire at children, Israeli Occupation Army demolish two homes in Old Jerusalem' The US has requested that Israel refrain from embarking on any largescale operations during the last weeks of the George W. Bush administration' Finally!  A Lego illustrated bible' Full Text PM Manmohan Singh Address to Indian People Regarding Terrorist Attacks in Mumbai' Google Map of Mumbai Attacks'  'Hostages freed' at Mumbai hotel  BBC News I know that in 1954 Israeli agents pretending to be Muslims blew up American targets in Cairo in the hopes of prompting the US to attack Egypt. ' Airbus A320 Crashes Into Mediterranean Sea' Both airports in Bangkok, Thailand closed due to antigovernment riots' Official Siege ends at Mumbai's Taj hotel Mumbai Exporting Pakistans Resources [Warnerd]' Huge explosion at Taj again, 9 rescued from Trident' Gunmen in Mumbai Leave 101 Dead, Hostages Taken' France finally agrees to pay damages to nuclear test victims' Activists dump 5 tons of coal outside a meeting organized to block action to reduce CO2 emissions at the upcoming climate talks in Poland next week.' Mumbai Is Attacked By Terrorists in a scene of coordinated attacks that eerily resembles 9/11' Charities can't keep up with deepening poverty Toxic waste causes Somali piracy' Regarding the events in India The only question we should be asking ourselves, by Arundhati Roy ' Indian Commandos Free Mumbai Hostages. ' Airbus A320 crashes during test flight off the French coast' It has begun Italian judge rules the internet is illegal' Is it going to rain?' Washington state teen turns in $10,000 he found at store' UK opposition MP arrested in stalinesque op after exposing Govt. coverup' Who's Behind the Mumbai Massacre? Dutch turn their backs on 'shrooms 'Honor' killing comes to the US  The Boston Globe All the technology in the world yet Somali pirates seize another tanker ' China executes researcher for spying. U.S. 'deeply disturbed,' says trial fell 'far short' of international standards. Japanese government  expected to pass a bill forcing married people to work less so that they can procreate.' Then, the foreign looking, fair skinned men, as Mr Mishra remembers them, simply carried on killing. ' Will the UK follow Iceland's path? If your Army base is next door to two schools, make very sure you know which way the wind is blowing before you start the gas attack drills' A motorway in the UK is shut down due to marshmallows and beer spilling across the road' Indian troops retake Jewish Center' President Chvez is enhancing democracy, not undermining it' Half of prostitutes in Bejing unaware of condomsenefits Indiana woman dies at 115 as world's oldest person Mapping an occupation  the West Bank barrier' New York Times article, almost exactly three years to the day before 9/11, about Osama bin Laden and the future of terrorism. Chillingly prescient.' Drug Firms Block Cheap Medicine' Ethiopia to withdraw from Somalia by end of year' Hostages said dead in Mumbai Jewish center' Opium overdose seems the only escape for some Afghan women' What's with These Stupid War Pundits Telling U.S. Allies to Commit National Suicide? Mumbai photographer I wish I'd had a gun, not a camera. Armed police would not fire back Let's try not to panic... (Pic) Hemp Swiss citizens vote tomorrow to legalize it' What Happens To You After You Get Caught Spying For Israel Against The US  You Get Hired By A Washington 'Thinktank' Mumbai terrorists recruited with promise of escape' Japanese Told to Work Less, Have More Sex ' India uncovers Hindu terror group that carried out bombings blamed on Islamists' Deepak Chopra agrees Washington, not AlQaeda, is responsible for the Mumbai attacks' Iceland A portent of the future. When the global debt bubble bursts, will the people rise up' in anger as they did in France in the 1780's? As they are in Iceland today.  Police declare Mumbai siege over' Switzerland Likely To Approve Prescription Heroin' Pictures of the Iranian man who threw acid on the woman's face during the reading of his punishment. His punishment, to have acid dripped onto his eyes until he goes blind Thanks reddit, for making the reddit icon with Indian flag. I appreciate your support. The incident however made me feel ashamed and wretched as an Indian...' Pirates on speedial  They are under P for pirates.' The U.S. general commanding NATO forces in Afghanistan has ordered a merger of the office that releases news with Psy Ops, which deals with propaganda' Conservative Canadian Government May Fall' President Zardari Theres a little bit of India in every Pakistani and a little bit of Pakistan in every Indian. I do not know whether it is the Indian or the Pakistani in me that is talking today' Inadequate Sex Blamed for Increased Crime Among China's Workers What They Hate About Mumbai  a Mumbaikar's view'  Patrick Cockburn Pakistan is the root of the problem' Indian force kill last gunman in Mumbai' Chinese internet giant sacks staff over paid for search listings' Dutch ban on magic mushrooms to take effect' How to Deal with Pirates We shall offer them liberal and enlightened terms, dictated at the mouths of our cannons.' The Ministry of Defence turned large parts of the country into a giant laboratory to conduct a series of secret germ warfare tests on the public.' Soldier returns from Afghanistan to be beaten up by police  caught on CCTV' Seven of the terrorists who brought carnage to Mumbai are British, Indian government sources claimed yesterday.' Taj Mahal hotel owner We had warning' At 5am I found a bottle of vintage Cristal champagne. 'No, no!' cried the head waiter, 'Those are the wrong glasses'  Just ten trained terrorists created Mumbai carnage' Girl raised by American family ordered to be returned to birth parents. They move back to China, divorce, now girl is in a boarding school.' Basra hitmen charge $100 for killing women and fathers and husbands openly hire assassins on the streets. All go unpunished as women are driven into the ground. Saddam was better than this. ' Indian Home Minister Shivraj Patil resigns over Mumbai attacks ' Swiss Approve Legal Heroin Program' Mumbai attacks surviving terrorist says he belonged to Pakistan militant group' Swiss voters decide on heroin, canabis, pensions, paedophile crimes and plans to curb powers of green groups' Indians claim to have proof that terrorists took orders from Pakistan' The two villages where mothers killed EVERY baby born a boy for ten years' Pirates 'to release Ukraine ship' that is carrying 33 tanks, grenade launchers and ammunition. Shock as top Indian Army officer arrested over bomb attack' Mumbai siege 300 feared dead as full horror of the terrorist attacks emerges   Telegraph' Indian sources said some of the gang were from Leeds and Bradford, where Londons 7/7 bombers lived' British soldiers attacked by furious mob in Kabul after American troops 'ram minibus off road killing one' Culture Change  Overextension our American way of life is not sustainable' Beginning of end for Guantanamo?' Switzerland set to approve prescription heroin as 'safe alternative' for addicts  Bugging scandal in British parliament' Five Former Slaves Who Are Changing the World' Crisis May Shift Indias Political Landscape.' Mumbai Behind the attacks lies a story of youth twisted by hate' Muslims refuse to bury militants' The figure on the left is a human woman, still alive.  Kristof is right; womens' rights should be a central focus of international social justice and development efforts. The Brit that rescued 150 Mumbai hostages' How free is the French press? Last Friday the former publisher of Libration was arrested before dawn, told that he was worse than scum and subjected to an unnecessary body cavity search.' Mumbai Hostages Were Tortured' Israeli Navy turns away a Libyan ship carrying 3,000 tons of humanitarian aide to Gaza.' Mumbai cop, left for dead, rides with gunmen' Protesters in Iceland storm the Central bank. Video in Icelandic.' No place for dead terrorists in sacred Mother India Muslim group' The Indian government raised the country's security to a war level yesterday saying it had certain proof of a Pakistani link to the Mumbai attacks.' Venice under five feet of water as the city suffers its worst floods in 22 years' Pakistans president, made an urgent appeal to India not to punish his country for the terror unleashed on Mumbai last week, warning that militants had the power to precipitate a war in the region.' If the word terrorist doesn't show up, Reddit won't care. Ask yourself why this hasn't hit front page yet  it's worse than Mumbai.' Missing Egyptian Blogger Mohamed Adel has disappeared and it is feared that he is being tortured in state security hadquarters' Kafka has a rival. Today, the Foreign Office lectures us on human rights.' Chavez renews reelection ambition' Iran claims arrest of Israeli Mossad spies' AlQaeda's Mumbai boon They are saying that if Pakistan has to choose between fighting India and fighting the militants, then it will fight India.' How China's taking over Africa, and why the West should be very worried  India moves to war level as concern gows at border buildup' Israel at it again, blocks another aid ship from reaching Gaza' Muslim cemetery denies burial to Mumbai killers' Pirates attack cruise ship off Somali coast  ' India demands Pakistan act decisively on Mumbai attack' Swiss drug vote any narcotic for the medecine/research  YES, prescription heroin  YES, marijuana for everyone  NO. Go fugure...'