 New UK law comes into effect on 16th Feb Arrest  and imprisonment  of anyone who takes pictures of police officers 'likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism'  Canadian woman held against her will in Saudi Arabia by her husband  under Saudi law, she is his property' The Aral Sea  is it too late to change a manmade disaster?' Japanese whaling fleet now armed with antiboarding nets, acoustic weapons, and steel spikes.' The me first society and aggressive pursuit of personal success by adults is now the greatest threat to the wellbeing and happiness of children' Volcano erupts in Japan! Tokyo covered in ash!' Chinese earthquake may have been manmade, say scientists ' Sweden set to legalise samesex marriage' Everyone was outraged when the IDF bombed a Gazan hospital, how come noone seems to care when the Sri Lankan govt does the same?' Muammar alQaddafi, who became leader of Libya in a military coup nearly 40 years ago, has been elected chairman of the African Union and promises to pursue the formation of a United States of Africa.' Iraq's Shocking Human Toll About 1 Million Killed, 4.5 Million Displaced, 12 Million Widows, 5 Million Orphans Shoe throwing now firmly established as a new form of political expression' The Jewish internet defence forces.  Divisions split into the Cheetos Cavalry, and 101 Keyboard Commandos, with a few special squads of Internet Tough Guys. ' Israeli Officers Could Be Prosecuted For Gaza 'War Crimes' Iranian woman activist jailed for taking part in a protest demanding more women's rights Meanwhile in India, sperm thefts rise 100%.' BT wants to monitor all your online activities' Hamas Accepts Oneyear Truce With Israel' Director of Wiesenthal Center Calls for the Starving of Palestinians Children' Petraeus and Gates Seek to Reverse Obama Withdrawal Decision' Pope promotes to Bishop man who said Hurricane Katrina was God's revenge on New Orleans for being too gayfriendly Student Withdraws From School Over CCTV Cameras In Toilets' Redlight Camera Operator Arrested For Scam Involving Shortening Yellow Light Timing' U.S. partner, not Hamas, firing rockets into Israel. While terrorists promise ceasefire, American 'allies' provoke violence International court prosecutor looks to put Israeli officers on trial for Gaza war crimes' A protester has thrown a shoe at Wen Jiabao during a speech at Cambridge University and called the Chinese prime minister a dictator.' My case proves that holding an American citizenship does not mean that I am treated as one. I am only a citizen when my rights are protected and this cannot happen in an environment of fear and tyranny under the name of national security,' B.C. Supreme Court rules in favour of medical marijuana' Jailed  the judge who refused to say sorry' Iran has successfully sent its first domestically made satellite into orbit [NPR]' Icelands PM to Sack Central Bank Governors' Woman saves life of boss ... then fired' German politicians sharply criticize Pope Benedict XVI' Iran makes first satellite launch' 'Father of Playmobil' Hans Beck dies aged 79 LongRange Rocket From Gaza Hits Israel' Global recession is hitting Chinas workers hard' Israeli government to impose sanctions on Al Jazeera's Israel operations Blair flipflops, risking the anger of Israel by suggesting its time to talk to the Palestinian militant group Hamas' Frustrated with some of his Western allies, in particular the United States, Afghan President Hamid Karzai has begun to reach out to Afghanistan's giant northern neighbour Russia Chavez The United States needs petroleum like air, like oxygen to live, to survive' Israel calls for Palestinian tunnel linking Gaza with West Bank' Netanyahu promises to topple Hamas regime in Gaza if elected' Did shock therapy in Russia cause millions of early deaths?' The International Criminal Court (ICC) prosecutor in The Hague has launched a preliminary analysis to establish whether Israel committed war crimes in its offensive in the Gaza Strip' A court in India has dismissed criminal proceedings against a married couple charged with obscenity for allegedly kissing in public in the capital.' Big Blue offers to help laidoff U.S. employees relocate to India, China or Brazil, according to an internal document.' From Gaza to Jerusalem the impact of war on the Israeli election.' NKorea preparing longrange missile test' US spending in Iraq, Afghanistan full of waste and fraud' Israel admits to killing peace activist Doctor's daughters with tank fire but claims their actions were 'reasonable'  6foot4, schooled in the martial arts, able to speak 6 Arabic dialects, and a convert to Islam, Andrew Warren seemed the perfect spy for the war on terror. Then they discovered he's a serial rapist. Controversial Bestseller Shakes the Foundation of the Israeli State' UN says Hamas seized Gaza food aid and blankets' Israel to build a new settlement on West bank' Israeli Jews' consciousness is characterized by a sense of victimization, a siege mentality, blind patriotism, belligerence, selfrighteousness, dehumanization of the Palestinians and insensitivity to their suffering.' The state of Israel is not Jews; Jews are not the state of Israel.  Don't attack synagogues for what Israel does; don't fail to critisize Israel out of guild for Holocaust. BREAKING Shoeattack on Israeli ambassador during lecture at Stockholm University' Why is the BBC obsessed with making workingclass people seem racist?' Tehran enters the space age, ' EU envoy Israel must ease aid restrictions on 'helllike' Gaza  Haaretz UN Hamas police seized food aid and blankets from needy Gazans' Today, Kyrgyzstan began moves to close a U.S. military air base which is vital for supplying U.S.led troops fighting in Afghanistan.' Sri Lankan hospital shelled for ninth time' Megaphone Israel's other sicko war weapon Judge allows medicinal pot plots' Benjamin Netanyahu no territory concession to Palestinians' Extremist rabbis and their followers, bent on waging holy war against the Palestinians, are taking over the Israeli army by stealth' Passengers Revolt Against Drunk Aeroflot Pilot on Flight to NYC  Panic Ensues ' Art in Africa that only Google Earth can see' Could the United States Be Kicked Out of Kyrgyz Air Base?' In Afghanistan, as in Vietnam, we may win every battle but still not win the war. The nation is a deeplydivided, semifailed state, with an incompetent, corrupt gov't held to be illegitimate by a large portion of its population.  Documentary on the Most Dangerous Area in Afghanistan  The War is Not Over' Military court Egyptian Islamist politician faces trial for crossing Gaza tunnel' IDF strikes Hamas targets after Grad hits Ashkelon ' India shocked as moral police beat girls out of pu A woman suspected of recruiting more than 80 female suicide bombers has confessed to organising their rapes so she could later convince them that martyrdom was the only way to escape the shame.' Israel seizes Gazabound aid ship' AP The US Sold The White Phosphorous Israel Used In Gaza' Journal axes gene research on Jews and Palestinians ( for inconvenient factual info )' US has far lower acceptance of Evolution than other 'developed' nations  Bill Gates Unleashes Swarm of Mosquitoes on Crowd There is no reason only poor people should be infected.' Hamas steals UN aid, distributes it only to people who support them' Claiming Sovereignty AZ, HI, MI, MO, MT, NH, OK, & WA' Israel  Clamps Down On Only News Network That Was Reporting From Gaza During Operation Cast Lead' I had already been chilled by the docility of the peopleunlike other countries in the Third World, no one approached me as I walked the streets. (The only place where I had felt a similar pattern of fear was North Korea)' The Hasbara Handbook A manual for proIsraeli propaganda. ' Despite 1,300 dead, majority of Palestinians still back Hamas rocket attacks' Israel censors names of soldiers who participated in the Gaza war to protect them against war crime lawsuits.' Israeli army says shelling of house where girls died was 'reasonable' Nobody PANICcccccc, but the USAF just failed a Nuclear Inspection tests.' India china submarine stand off in somalia' International Criminal Court to Consider Gaza Investigation' Well here's 1 reason I would not want to be the top antidrug official in Mexico...wow Ireland Soldiers do not want to be used to break strikes' Since 2004, U.S. taxpayers have paid to supply over 500 million gallons of refined oil products  worth about $1.1 billion  to the Israeli militaryS' Take Action DIRECTV Censors Our Gaza Strip TV Ad!' When Will The Vatican Recant Their Lies And Misdeeds' Israel hands over $43 million to help rebuild Gaza' Europe Police Cooperation With Israel Challenged' UK House of Lords  British Surveillance Greatest Threat to Democracy since Hitler' Irish longdistance runner makes history as the world's first athlete to run seven consecutive marathons on seven continents in less than seven days. School bully picks on kid one too many times. Receives multiple stab wounds for his trouble.' UK's huge rise in surveillance and data collection by the state and other organisations risks undermining the longstanding traditions of privacy and individual freedom which are vital for democracy, ' Electronic surveillance and collection of personal data are pervasive in British society and threaten to undermine democracy, peers have warned.' Letters Prove US Warning to Cut Off Intel to England If the UK Discloses Torture Info' Vladimir Putin wants world banks to wipe out $500b in Russian company debt. Garry Kasparav says they shouldn't By rejecting Putin's agenda, the world can send a clear signal to Russia's elites not to bet on the old regime. That would improve the chances for a peaceful transition. ' Detailed accounts of Israelis using Gazan civilians as human shields ' In Paris, an antiadvertising insurgency grows' Neoconservatism, in large part, is simply about enabling the most irredentist elements in Israel and sustaining a permanent war against anyone or any country who disagrees with the Israeli right' Texas U.S. Congressman says the Republican party will have to be come an insurgency and added that the Taliban can serve as a model' George Mitchell and the end of the twostate solution Israel's settlement growth means we have to find a different plan Jewish settlers terrorising arabs at their door' High Tech Misery in China The Dehumanization of Young Workers Producing Our Computer Keyboards' Professor at French Defense Intelligence College fired for 9/11 opinions' Sweden lifts 30yr ban on nuclear power  ' UN halts Gaza aid over 'thefts' No kissing please, we are Indians' Kyrgyzstan says its decision to close a US base that serves as a vital supply route for US and Nato operations in Afghanistan is final. ' As US combat deaths fall, record numbers of soldiers take their own lives' Afghanistan threatening to align with Russia?' Days Before Israel's Election Uber Nationalistic, Far Right Party Joining Frontrunners. Islamic Countries use UN Human Rights Council to Attack Canada.....' Influx of Big Content lawyers at DoJ cause for concern?' Recordings show pilot stayed cool before Hudson landing' Why Canada may be the financial capital of the world here shortly. ' Yahya says he used to go to university and wanted to be a teacher one day. Now I will have a life of hospitals. I know I will just need medical care forever.As we left the room, we found Yahya's elder brother outside, wiping away tears.  ' Israel trying to make Obama its bitch. Will he stand up to them?' Police Seize UK Indymedia Server' Ecuador's President Rafael Correa on Saturday ordered the expulsion of a US official from the country, accusing him of treating the country like a colony. The American military helped plan and pay for a recent attack on a notorious Ugandan rebel group, but the offensive went awry, scattering fighters who carried out a wave of massacres as they fled, killing as many as 900 civilians.' Johann Hari The nightmare of Netanyahu returns' I want a man like Putin' Man avoids execution because court can't tell which twin is which The medieval price an author pays for insulting Thailand's monarchy Putin denies dancing to Abba hits' Taliban fighters beheaded a Polish hostage in Pakistan Saturday, according to a spokesman for the militants who said the body wouldn't be handed over until some captured Taliban were released. Arrests over Israel boycott in Tesco's (video) The two filled their trollies with dates, fresh herbs, fruit and salads. The trollies, full of produce were upturned at the supermarket entrance and covered in fake blood to represent the lives lost in Gaza.' BBC World Poll results As was the case last year, Iran, Israel and Pakistan are the three countries rated most negatively. [pdf]' US Helped Plan And Finance Failed Rout Of Ugandan Rebels That Led To Massacre of 900+ Civilians' Police 'kill many' in Madagascar As Sri Lanka Fighting Seems Near an End, Fears Rise Over What Comes Next' Is Japan actually in worse financial shape than everyone except Iceland and Eastern European countries?' Never forget Obama is doubling troop levels in Afghanistan to fight the Taliban, a regime the United States helped create and take over Afghanistan in the first place.' Startled Iraqis welcome,sort of, their first tourist' Italian tourist visits Falluja' Flashmob of ATM crooks scores $9 million in 49 cities ' Media 14 killed in Australian wildfires ' Hidden Truth for Every One!!Burning of the Unarmed Civilians in Gaza' Kissinger held secret talks in Russia' CIA warns Barack Obama that British terrorists are the biggest threat to the US' Bankers at RBS, a bank saved from bankruptcy by 20bn of tax money, looking at 1bn of bonuses' Halliburton Unit to Plead Guilty to Massive CheneyEra Bribery Scheme' It is illegal for a company in the US to boycott Israel and the punishment for this 'crime' is a $50,000 fine or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater Iran's former president Mohammad Khatami has ended months of speculation by announcing that he will run in June's presidential election.  Whalers pelt activists with bleeding chunks of blubber' Blood flows in Madagascar streets (WARNING GRAPHIC PHOTOS)' At least 84 dead in Victorian bushfires'  'Unknown sources' helped post exBART cop's $3 million bail Israeli Arabs fear a Gaza backlash as far right prepares for power role' 35+ die in bushfire carnage in Australia as countrytowns are wiped off the map' Australia's worst bushfire disaster Death toll still climbing. NATO to participate in escalation in Afghanistan under the pretense of fighting the 'war on drugs' and the assumption that the Taliban doesn't have popular support Blaze in Australia most deadly since 1983' Notice a trend here?' Hamas negotiators caught leaving Egypt with million stuffed into suitcases' No more taking pictures of people in public in Europe anymore' Toxic French aircraft carrier to be dismantled in UK' India wants Pakistan declared a terrorist state' Area size of Rhode Island burnt in Australia's largest bush fires ever. Iran's Khatami to run for office  Bathing 13 Centuries Ago' NZ spy agency spied on MP' US diplomat expelled from Ecuador' Antisemitism (not antiIsraelism) rises in the UK' Jews tell Vatican Holocaust denial is a crime' Mexico 'to fingerprint all mobile phone users' Who knew that financial stimulus package actually means sodomise the poor, and pay the rich more money' Hamas returns stolen aid.' Eluana Englaro, the Italian woman at the centre of a righttodie debate, has died.' Support the Iranian people, oppose Tehrans clerical fascism' Extreme right wing poised to win Israeli elections' National Lawyers Guild says one Israel soldier shot three sisters, executing the 2 and 7yearold, and paralyzing the 4yearold' David Oddsson refuses to quit as Icelandic bank chief' UK Government Plans to Keep 10Year Travel Database of Citizens' Mexican criminals use police radio frequencies to taunt the police and to play narcocorrido music.' Suicide challenged. A British multiple sclerosis sufferer is attempting to clarify the law on assisted suicide' In the swimming pool of Prince Bandar bin Sultan, with George Tenet, the former director of central intelligence' Shepard Fairey, the street artist who designed the red, white and blue 'Hope' poster of Barack Obama, has been arrested on suspicion of defacing property with graffiti.  Families destroyed by Gaza conflict' Official IsraelTurkey trade severely damaged' Israeli warplanes strike Gaza' Woman in Italy euthanasia debate dies ' Wow, Bishop Who Denied Holocaust Ousted' Female suicide bomber kills 24 in Sri Lanka' Class struggle at the Morning Star (a socialist UK newspaper)  You are putting your interests ahead of those of your class as a whole' Israel defeats the terrorists, one tree at a time (VIDEO)' British diplomat arrested for yelling at a television' Australian firestorms prompt call to return to Aboriginal bush control' 'The Jewish majority should be afraid' Fires in Australia from The Big Picture' Amnesty international Hamas kills two dozen of its opponents' Biggest darned fire I've seen in my life. Unfinished highrise hotel currently burning in Bejing. (video) Remember that crazy looking building being build in Bejing? Well, it just burnt to the ground from fireworks.' BREAKING NEWS Oil tanker with 30,000 tons of oil on board exploded and burning after collision with cargo ship' Texas officials are working on a plan to respond to a potential collapse of the Mexican government and the specter of thousands fleeing north in fear for their lives after recent reports indicated the country could be on the verge of chaos.' The Financial Crisis Is Driving Hordes of Americans to Suicide' Governments under Pressure Popular Rage Grows as Global Crisis Worsens' Israeli elections Be afraid. Be very afraid' Tale of Horror  500 bottles Johnny W Blue, 8,000 lobsters, 4,000 portions caviar, 3,000 cakes ...   ' Pratchett Becomes A Real Knight' BullHunter Donates $10,000 To Victorian Bushfire Appeal' Putin's worst nightmare Inside the Gaza tunnels' Evan Harris What's the future for scientific independence if she [Jacqui Smith] asks that scientists apologise for their views? ' Christian loon blames Australian bushfires on abortion' Ahead of 2010, South Africa's water supply a ticking time bom British jobs for British workers was whipped up by the capitalist media. As Phil Willis said I have more in common with workers in Latvia, Poland and Italy than any employer.' This is serious Reddit They argue that women drivers will be free to leave home alone, will unduly expose their eyes while driving and will interact with male strangers, such as traffic police and mechanics.' New Hampshire Fires First Shot Of Civil War' Australian PM Wildfire arson is mass murder' Hundreds of dolphins beached in Philippines!' If I have to suffer, it's better to suffer in Guatemala with my family   illegal immigrants reconsider US because of economy' Families want answers from man who says he dissolved 300 people' South Africa TV station announces that George W. Bush is dead (he's not) Saudi judge sentences pregnant gangrape victim to 100 lashes for committing adultery' Ukraine Give the workers wages, and control of the factory, We no longer expect miracles, well take over the factory ourselves [with Pics]' Drug Found to Block HIV In Monkeys 83% effective in preventing HIV when taken 24 hours prior to infection.' Fascist candidate number 1 edges out Fascist candidate number 2 in Israeli elections' Israel's Enemy Within (PBS Frontline Video) Jennifer Figge did NOT swim across the Atlantic! Figge swam only a fraction of the 2,100mile journey. The rest of the time, she rested on her crew's westwardsailing catamaran. US marine convicted of raping Filipina should be detained in a Philippinerun facility, not the US Embassy.' 'Toxic' EU bank assets total 16.3 trillion WHAT?!?  Jordanian gets only 6 months in prison for double murder honor killing' Israeli Arab reporters banned from campaign meet of Lieberman's farright party (Jewish and foreign journalists who had not been invited were allowed to enter and cover the event) UK Students are revolting The spirit of 68 is reawakening' Azerbaijan air force head killed' Stunning & Depressing Israeli Election' Iranian mob attacks moderate expresident Mohammed Khatami on anniversary' Clinton Suggests US Could Abandon Europe Missile Defense System' Chilli, turmeric, ginger branded 'hazardous' ? India to Launch Cow Urine as Soft Drink ' Japan Pledges To Halt Production Of Weirdo Porn' Australian films his home burning' Pedophile upset that victim's family would likely not think kind thoughts about him anymore. Awwww, shucks.' Nearly half of those polled said that Jews were more loyal to Israel than to their home country. 23% said that their opinion of Jews was influenced by Israel's military and political activities. Wilders denied entrance to UK' Dutch MP banned from entering UK' 'Bush is deadroadcast in South Africa AP goofs and says woman swam across the Atlantic...she only swam about 250 miles' Christians in Jerusalem want Jews to stop spitting on them ' Israeli high court rules that village in the supposedly Palestinian controlled West Bank be demolished, 'settlements' are to be developed in the area Israeli forces are carrying out a policy of shooting at the legs of peaceful demonstrators. Defense minister Yitzak Rabin ordered his soldiers to break the bones of young protesters.' Tens of thousands of U.S. guns missing in Afghanistan' Luo Ping, a directorgeneral at the China Banking Regulatory Commission, We hate you guys. Once you start issuing $1 trillion$2 trillion. . .we know the dollar is going to depreciate, so we hate you guys but there is nothing much we can do.' Aussie films house burning down, says I lost everything, but I saved me dog and that's all I was worried about and sets off to help his neighbours' Dutch MP and antiIslam filmmaker banned from entering UK' 3 women kidnap, gangrape man for 4 days in Karachi, Pakistan' Amazon selling rape game' Belief in evolution In 2008 14% of people agreed that 'man evolved over millions of years', up from 9% in 1982. Only Turkey is less accepting of the theory than USA.  $550 Billion Dollar Bank Run  Collapse Of The Entire World Economy In 24 hours' Venezuela's Chavez reports attempted Coup against his palace  he says  by the U.S Putin warns US about socialism Excessive intervention in economic activity and blind faith in the state's omnipotence is another possible mistake.' A Dutch MP who called the Koran a fascist book is to be sent back to the Netherlands after attempting to defy a ban on entering the UK. ' Pakistan has admitted for the first time that the November attacks on India's financial hub Mumbai, in which 179 people died, were partly planned in Pakistan. Key ingredients of Thai food declared Hazardous' Spirit of Sixties revived as student protests at links with Israel spread  The Scotsman' Pakistan acknowledged for the first time that the Mumbai terrorist attacks were launched from its shores' Hampshire College Becomes First College In The United States To Divest from the Israeli Occupation!' Israeli Election U.S. Declares Support For Any Israeli Government Formed' Out of control Russian satellite collides with US communications satellite; debris pose possible threat to ISS and other satellites' Sexual violence during the Armenian genocide The Turks cut off their victims' genitals, made them march naked, or circumcised Armenian men they had forcibly converted to Islam Pakistan admits India attack link' Scientists studying the DNA of Neanderthals say they can find no evidence that this ancient species ever interbred with modern humans' US military faulted on weapons tracking. One third of all US arms to Afghanistan are at serious risk of theft or loss.' A teenage thief picked on the wrong victim when she tried to run off with a bag belonging to pensioner Jean Hirst  a former championship sprinter. ' US intel confirms Iran not developing nukes' Revolt is in the air' U.S. judges accused of jailing kids for cash' Zimbabwe's PM world needs to get over Robert Mugabe Ted Rall In America, a French clich goes, people are afraid of the government. In France, the government is afraid of the people...It Couldn't Happen Here. Could It?' UK Government's Former Chief Scientific Adviser Says Iraq War Was About Oil, Not Weapons Of Mass Destruction Plane Crashes in Buffalo' Authorities charged a man Friday with lighting one of the wildfires that killed a total of more than 180 people in Australia, and whisked him into protective custody to guard him from public fury.' Pregnant Brazilian woman attacked and cut by Swiss Neo Nazis, miscarriages' 18 YearOld Having Sex with 14 Year Old Girl gets 10 days in jail...No Sex Offender Regsitry.. Why, He's Connected! Jean Charles de Menezes was executed by UK police. No cops will face prosecution. Menezesfamily enraged.' Great, Even South America thinks our war on drugs is worthless' Peanut Executives REFUSE to EAT THEIR OWN PRODUCT! Are you kidding me??' The 'Asia Produces / US Consumes' Model has Crashed Widow of 911 victim dies in Buffalo Flight 3407' Officials from the Palestinian group Hamas have said that an 18month ceasefire with Israel will be announced within three days.' Yemen takes a tentative step towards social justice, outlaws child brides' Intel wants to save the economy, why isn't the media taking notice? Latin American Leaders Say 'No' to U.S. Drug War Beverly Eckert, widow of 9/11 victim, was aboard Flight 3407' Beating ploughshares into swords Hamas makes grenades out of medicine bottles from Israeli aid'  Australian man charged with arson' Plane crashes in New York state ' Russia to help U.S. in Afghanistan for a price' Are you a bad enough dude to have the Russian government send afghan war veterans to hunt you down, and almost win if it wasn't for a godly sniper who shot you in the head while you were running through trees and smoke? It was decided and carried out they washed her, cut her hair, raped her and killed her,' Drug giant pledges cheap medicine for world's poor, shocks industry with challenge to other ig pharma' companies US using British atomic weapons factory for its nuclear program' Israel & US said Iranian ship was carrying weapons... Cyprus searches it and finds none.' Naked British Idiocy' Can anyone recall what we put in our nuclear dump?' Calif., N.J. Utilities Unveil Solar Power Plans' In a  landmark move, first US campus divests from Israel!' Israel rules out Gaza truce unless soldier freed' In Romania, bribery is a health problem.' US Congress passes stimulus plan ' Doubts grow over skinhead 'knife attack' on Brazilian woman Venezuela expels Spanish deputy ' My Letter to Middle East Envoy George Mitchell, Asking Him to Speak with Gaza Women As an American Jew, I'm deeply ashamed of Israel. I hold no allegiance to a nation that engages in ethnic cleansing. BBC distortion We can't work with foreigners because we're segregated =&gt; (edit) =&gt; We can't work with foreigners. [+ page 3 girls] Female FBI officer 'tortured Mumbai terror attacks suspect with sex'  President McKinley decided we ought to keep the Philippines in order to Christianize the natives. When reminded that the Filipinos were already Roman Catholics, the President responded, 'Exactly.'' The Japanese government  orders parents of a 13 year old Filipina to leave the country within two weeks' Rise in jobless poses threat to stability worldwide ' We are the knights who say XE!' Europe sinks even deeper into recession than the United States' Israel lurches into fascism. We we must escalate the international civil society campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions to force Israelis to choose a saner path ' Rose Trade and the Environment  Please be aware of what you encourage' Charlotte in same predicament as Wall Street' Houston we have a problem... The crash of two satellites has generated an estimated tens of thousands of pieces of space junk that could circle Earth and threaten other satellites for the next 10,000 years' Yes, I know that the Jews of Europe had no Hamas to provide the Nazis with an excuse for their deaths. But a Palestinian woman and her child are as worthy of life as a Jewish woman and her child on the back of a lorry in Auschwitz.' Toronto Middleaged man randomly shove teens into oncoming subway train' 'PostWar Myths' The Logic Behind the Destruction of Dresden Insane Hindu zealots attack innocent couples enjoying their Valentines Day in India.' The maverick MP George Galloway knows how to get attention. This time, however, he is doing it by leading a milelong convoy of aid trucks all the way from London to Gaza.' Dubai crash is real  stock exchange down 75%' People are now more afraid of their financial adviser than of alQaida.' Iran is unknown and misunderstood' UK Police sell 60p criminal records for 70 each!  18Million/year RACKET.' Saudi king appoints first woman to a ministerial post' Dissident blogger Xu Lai, aka ProState in Flames, is stabbed in Beijing' Swiss Hate Crime on Brazilian A Hoax Police' Hamburg Man Convicted of 'Honor' Killing of Sister Said he objected to the schoolgirl's way of life, clothes, attempts to escape her family. Israel puts terms on Gaza truce' Three decades after the fall of Pol Pot, the first trial of the leaders of his genocidal Khmer Rouge regime is to begin Tuesday before a U.N.backed tribunal' They were stuffing cash in pizza boxes and making payoffs by filling paper sacks scattered in dead drops in the Green Zone' Anne Frank guardian Miep Gies turns 100' Found Robert Mugabes secret bolthole in the Far East' Mystery cop saved 200 lives from Victoria fires'   t  Shahar Peer denied entry to Dubai ' Drug firm GSK vows to do less evil and to help the developing world.' Pakistan embassy in Washington says no foreign bases in country' 74yearold Army doc deployed to Afghanistan' South Korea to complete missile defence by 2012' Chavez wins reform to the constitution of Venezuela  No more term limits for presidents' Octopus escapes, survives 5 days on the run. ' In a direct challenge to Obama's wishes, Israel confiscates land of a Palestinian plumber to expand Israeli Settlements. Borat Would be Proud!  Scientology Banned in Kazakhstan' Crude oil is getting cheaper  so why isn't gas? Pakistan government agrees to implement Taliban law across a large swath of northwest Pakistan.' Theft of our freedom to grow our own food  infuriating' Japanese economy crashes worst contraction since 1974' Who's your daddy? 13yearold 'dad' might not be the dad  as it turns out the mother is the village bike  everyone's had a ride South Africa's best and brightest are leaving in growing numbers Nuclear submarines collide in ocean' Pirate Bay copyright test case begins in Sweden' Former Gitmo Guard Talks  (Please share your thoughts on there, I think there is censoring in the comments section) ' Nuclear submarines collide in the Atlantic' Gaza population 'rising rapidly'. Again. Still. Honeybees under attack on all fronts' UK New fight to stop mass fluoridation. Should an entire nation be medicated to help a few?' North Korea has celebrated the 67th birthday of its 'heavenmade commander' Kim Jongil.  Saudi Arabia appoints its first female minister, moves away from ultraconservatism' Airstrike Kills 31 in Pakistan' Palestinian Authority Chairman Abbas rejects renewal of peace talks until Israel halts illegal settlement activities' Iranian bioweapon researcher dies suspiciously' Mexico police buy Israeli air surveillance systems' Satellite debris possibly falling over Texas sonic booms, fireballs' Israel takes control of more West Bank land' Former presidents of Mexico, Colombia and Brazil called Wednesday for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in tactics on the war on drugs' Woman politician quits over nude photos' A former head of MI5 has accused the government of exploiting the fear of terrorism and trying to bring in laws that restrict civil liberties. ' Israel seizes West Bank land ' Israel engaged in covert war inside Iran report' Against Guilt by Association  NZ's new copyright law would allow the copyright mafia to kick you off the net without any proof of wrongdoing Not your favourite employer You're on a business trip, end up in a plane crash, in freezing water, survive, and then your employer asks you to pay for the flight because you didn't make your business meeting... France admits it sent Jews to the gas chambers during Second World War' Another Ponzi Scheme The Securities and Exchange Commission today charged Robert Allen Stanford and three of his companies for orchestrating a fraudulent, multibillion dollar investment scheme centering on an $8 billion CD program' Russian Gen. Makhmut Gareyev Nothing can be done in Afghanistan using military means, he says. If the Americans go on with the policy they have now, it will be useless.' Anger and pain of survivors at trial of Pol Pot's Killing Fields chief torturer' If you get a ton of explosives fired at you, and they don't explode, it doesn't belong to you A large stockpile of unexploded Israeli ordnance has disappeared in Gaza  Hamas accused of theft! Wikileaks releases NATO report on civilian deaths' Monsanto and EU Foiled' Britain Police will not be prosecuted for Jean Charles de Menezes killing' Entire South African Airways Crew Arrested For Drug Smuggling Twice In One Month' Afghan civilian casualty rate at highest since Taliban rule' Man dedicates his life to stopping the killing of albinos in Tanzania' Israel engaged in covert war inside Iran report'  U.N. Tamil Tiger rebels are recruiting child soldiers in Sri Lanka' High Price of Illegal Ivory in Viet Nam Threatens the Few Surviving Elephants in Indochina' Antiterror tactics 'weaken law' UN Afghan civilian deaths a record high in 2008' Another U.S. Sponsored Catastrophe The Nightmare in Somalia' Mexican Drug Gangs Terrorize Town, Police Force' Mexico just discovered oil 3.8 times its present known reserves, and half that of the Saudis There goes your Electric vehicle progress.' UK It is now illegal to photograph the police, despite the fact that they use increasingly aggressive techniques to record citizens' Israel launches air strikes on Gaza' China closes Tibet to foreigners' Two US missile strikes in Pakistan in three days kill more than 60' Maddow graphic warning, Gitmo Guard, I feel Ashamed of What I Did' Former UK politician convicted to jail over accepting bribes from Berlusconi  Berlusconi in no trouble because he enacted a law to give himself immunity' Pakistan Gives Up Swat Valley to Taliban' Tonnes of toxic waste from municipal dumps in the West are being dumped illegally in countries like Nigeria and Ghana, an investigation has found.' Italy unmoved by Berlusconi bribe case ' Dubai Real Estate Crash. Lindsey Williams was Right !!' What is Israel up to?  Sudanese rebel leader meets with Israeli spies' AIDS was the leading cause of death in the People's Republic of China last year amongst infectious disease Stop religious persecution in Iran' Israel is covertly at war with Iran!' Hundreds of Mexicans blocked roads and bridges into US in protest of army operations against drug gangs' Medea Benjamin  The Photo from Gaza that Haunts Me' Bush's Billion dollar aid to Pakistan to fight Taliban and al qaeda goes down in drain. They are now more powerful. Bristol Palin abstinenceonly teaching doesn't work Bleak outlook for bombed Gaza Zoo' Clerics urge new jihad over Gaza' Hezbollah Murdering Rivals in Lebanon CheckMate, Lebanon has no future. ' Border crossings to Mexico closed by protests' Guatemala has apologised to Cuba for his country's role in the failed USbacked invasion at the Bay of Pigs in 1961 Louisiana passes a bill that may allow creationism to be taught in public schools.  Result a major bio conference boycotts New Orleans.' We are all extremists now  The government is criminalising legitimate dissent under the guise of fighting 'extremism', a word for which it has no definition.' Oh, Canada. When statements are said that God probably does not exist, this is an implied statement of hatred towards all those who do believe that God exists.' Giant rat caught in China ' Cousin of 9/11 Hijacker Arrested as Israeli Spy' Liberty's death by a thousand cuts. LaidOff Foreigners Flee as Dubai Spirals Down' Dolphins ask for human help.' Grade 4 assignment Imagine you have three spaces in a rocket ship and you have to decide which person to save an Acadian francophone, a Chinese person, a black African, an English person and an aboriginal person.' Cousin of 9/11 hijacker arrested spying for Israel' The mystery of Ireland's worst driver US congressmen express shock at Gaza devastation' Iraqi shoe thrower's trial begins with cheers A woman who had steel plates inserted into her back managed to smuggle a gun and explosives into a maximum security prison to help two inmates escape.' Poll Swedes say no bailout for Saa Israel Says It Will Unseal Gaza Only if Soldier Is Freed ' Sweden Warns Israeli Taekwondo Team to Stay Home Because 10,000 Muslims Have Threatened to Attack Them.....' European cocaine prices dropping like a stone ' Zimbabwe starts paying soldiers and other government workers in US dollars' The people who stayed here did not immigrate here. This is our country. This state came here and was enforced on the ruins of my nation. Azmi Bishara, an Arab Israeli and former member of the Knesset' Israel  Police want to question Israeli extremist and future government minister Lieberman over alleged massive fraud.' Sweden accepts exGuantanamo inmate' GM Says It's the End for Saturn Saudi Arabia cabinet reshuffle. Norah alFaiz becomes first female minister. She still can't drive to work, though. AIDS becomes China's deadliest infectious disease China concerned after Russia fires on ship' Israel at it again They just seized 425 acres of Palestinian land to build a settlement for 2500 homes. They seriously are not interested in peace.' By NOT purchasing Israeli products and services, we can each help NOT keep the Israeli economy vibrant and growing.' Is it a crime to take pictures?' Binyamin Netanyahu targets Iran after he is appointed Prime Minister' Paranoid Britain Tops US To Become #1 Police State' Obama Reverses U.S. Position on LGBT Issues at the UN' What a freaking outrage  child stars of $100 million Slumdog movie still live in slums' Massive revolt brewing 67361 responses, 91% support  to fight the Obama $275 B mortgage bailout' Road to riches ends for 20 million Chinese ' Argentina expels British bishop who denies the Holocaust' Camembert Clash The French Cheese Wars' Iran has enough fuel for a nuclear bomb, report says | LA Times (VERY misleading headline)' Miss Atom 2009 Russia's Nuclear Bombshells US ready to up pay for Kyrgyz base' Iran Has a Third More Enriched Uranium Than Thought, Inspectors Say' Iran and Israel Case of Nuclear Mirage and Nuclear Blindness' North Korea  Still Crazy After All These Years' Filmmakers 'using Holocaust as Oscars bait' Two Tamil Tiger planes raid on Sri Lanka's capital Colombo Britain's government apologized Thursday for endorsing a lesson plan which asked students to think like suicide bombers. Iranian Authorities Destroy Sufi Holy Site In Isfahan'  tUS Congressmen in the Gaza Strip The amount of physical destruction and the depth of human suffering here is staggering' UK  Muslim preacher Anjem Choudary calls for people who get drunk to be flogged ' French, German Visits Could Herald New Era Of EU Engagement With Iraq' New Yorkers to Boycott NY Post Over racist Cartoon.....' Graph of historic financial collapses puts current crisis into perspective' Swiss law strictly prohibits UBS from disclosing to the IRS the account information of 52,000 American customers ' Exnun writes explosive book alleging sexual abuse of nuns, illicit affairs in an year of suicides in the Catholic Church in India' Latvias Government Collapses' Zogby Poll US Weed Legalization Support Grows' 100,000 protest over Irish economy' Mexican Gangs Kill Cops to Force Ouster of Chief' Ecuador says expelled U.S. official was CIA operative' North Korean propaganda artist flees to the West, makes satirical propaganda' With Help From Sympathetic Judge, Chicago Law Firm Bullies Internet Startup' Chinese government has closed Tibet to outside observers, poured security forces into the region and vowed to crush supporters of the Dalai Lama' International justice is a farce while those in the west who sided with Pol Pot's murders escape trial  Jon Pilger' TYT Israel is never asked to be nonviolent, only Gaza is.' Dumped in Africa Britains toxic waste' Four Israeli rockets have landed in south Lebanon after a rocket fired from the country hit northern Israel, Israeli and Lebanese army says. ' Rights?  You have no rights.  I'm The Decider    Barack Obama Twenty million Chinese workers have lost their jobs in one province alone!' That other Guantanamo Inmates at Bagram in Afghanistan are still denied rights' Czech president compares EU to Soviet Union' Vatican protests Israeli TV show' Dumped in Africa Britains toxic waste' Change we can believe in Obama administration keeps Bush view on Afghanistan detainees' US torture prison Abu Ghraib, reopens with cleaner image' Emiratis should be protected through legislation during such hard times. I find it strange that we should lose jobs in our own country.' US asks for meeting with Syrian ambassador' Iran the friendliest people in the world' Prison Break Greek Style Second helicopter escape in three years, police once again ridiculed' Don't let Slumdog Millionaire fool you there are no fairytale endings for most of India's street kids. I was one of them myself. International Atomic Energy Agency Iran NOT producing weapongrade uranium!' A Series of Suicides Unnerves West Point' Bankers Laugh In the Face Of Recession...by spending 43,000 pounds on champagne.  And another 5 grand on the tip.' 120,000 protesters in recessionhit Ireland brought Dublin city centre to a standstill' Iran to begin operation of 1st nuclear power plant' Revealed full horror of Gitmo inmate's beatings The United Arab Emirates is considering legislation that would criminalize publication of anything that would harm the economy.' According to CIA Study, Israels survival in its present form beyond the next  20 years is doubtful' National Day of Mourning in Australia.  Church bells across Australia tolled at 1100am Sunday as a show of solidarity, support and mourning for victims of the nations recent bushfires.' IDF War crime charges over Gaza offensive are 'legal terror' China's artificially induced snow closes 12 highways  With his approval ratings at a low, President Sarkozy now faces a general strike and, potentially, a wave of social panic. ' You can't sweep unlawful activities under the table' Free Silva' Storm brews between US and Israel ' Just like in old times during the Cod War.  Iceland Says' Zambian economist Deborah Solomon Stop sending aid to Africa There are a billion Chinese who are living in substandard conditions. Do you know anybody who feels sorry for China? Nobody.' UK agents 'colluded with torture in Pakistan' Kidnap on Britain's streets  I've heard of innocent girlfriends and sisters being abducted off the streets and sexually assaulted' George W  Bush turns down job in a hardware store !' Who can probe Gaza war crimes claims? ' Beijing's Olympic building boom becomes a bust. Justice UK politician who advocated neighborsnitching ratted out by neighbors' Confirmed The white phosphorus used on Gaza was supplied by the US of A' Mugabe low quadrillions of Zimbabwe dollars' on his 85th birthday with a sumptuous banquet; demands cattle and money from his starving people to pay for the surreal party. Meanwhile thousands die from cholera, students are not attending schools and teachers are not paid.  It is still difficult for me to believe that I was abducted, hauled from one country to the next, and tortured in medieval ways  all orchestrated by the United States government.' China prepares to buy up foreign oil and gas companies with its huge currency reserves' Scores of whiteowned farms 'confiscated' in Zimbabwe Cairo Is Hit By Deadly Bomb Blast' Once You See What Truly Happened in Gaza, It Will Change You Forever' Turks are xenophobic, socially conservative people who rarely read books, relegate women to secondclass status and harbour ambivalent views about democracy, contentious new research has revealed.' World's First TrashPowered Electric Garbage Truck Now In The UK Police Bracing Themselves for 'Summer of Rage' Against Economic Crisis Captain Kirk wants to command Canada to go where no country has gone before!' Should AIPAC Decide What's Classified? America may witness the final stage in AIPAC's longterm drive to essentially declassify or classify U.S. government secrets at will' Surveillance Video of The Attack at McDonalds.' Something U.S. Media wont show The Palestinian Perspective' 'What we have in Lieberman is the final proof that we are, indeed, living in Bizarro World, and reality has been turned on its head. Because what we are seeing in Israel today is the rise to power of a Jewish Hitler'. To the citizens of the UK, you are about to go into lockdown Birth of fascism in real time ' War Criminals, Including Their Lawyers, Must Be Prosecuted When the US ratified the Convention Against Torture, we promised to extradite or prosecute those who commit, or are complicit in the commission, of torture. ' Goodbye Dubai  'a place for the shallow and fickle.' Egypt opens Gaza border' Police warn that Britain faces summer of rage due to recession |' IsraelHamas arms embargo urged' Former head of Greenpeace MORE nuclear power, please!' Iran NukesWeapons of Mass Deception Again' DEATHWATCH The End of Second Life' Legalize It Ammiano to Introduce Legislation Monday to Allow Pot  and Tax It' Who's Buying What? (World Map Infographic)  Obnoxious Rich person refuses to pay lawful reward, offers to give to charity instead' Mexico Indigenous Rights leaders found dead' US does it again  'Secret U.S. unit trains commandos in Pakistan' Niall Ferguson we may be looking at a Lost Decade.' (still very bloody)diamonds' Israel & Hamas 'guilty of war crimes' Uk's Justice Secretary Jack Straw has vetoed the publication of minutes of key Cabinet meetings held in the runup to the Iraq war in 2003. WTF!!? British taxpayers may become liable for 500 billion worth of bad loans and investments made by RBS and Lloyds Banking Group' Iceland Defense Agency to Be Shut Down?' Israel was tracking  Hizbollah vehicles for four years through GPS devices installed on those vehicles.' UK blocks publications of Iraq war discussions' Official US aid to Gaza to top $900 million' War hero defeated by NHS after hospital stay left him with three infections and fractured pelvis' Turkish lawmaker gives speech in Kurdish, Turks lose it. The last time this happened, a woman went to jail for 10 years.' Most Of World's Spam Email Comes From Nation Of Koy4goff US to give $900m in Gaza aid ' Canada is now on some Afghans' shit list, and here's why Sex, Drugs and Islam  The Islamic Revolution in Iran has been disastrous for everyone except the Mullahs in charge.' Just when you thought there was an end to the Iraqi quagmire...' FBI arrests 44 in Chicago on child prostitution charges ' According to refugees, Tamil Tigers are forcibly conscripting civilians & keeping tens of thousands of others as human shields.' Iran Set for Initial Test of First Nuclear Plant' a decade of planting with GM cotton, or any GM crop with Bt genes in it, could lead to total destruction of soil organisms, leaving dead soil unable to produce food.' The AntiBono Please No More African Aid' Israeli terror victims want to sell ancient persian relics and take the money as 'compensation' for Irans complicity in suicide bombing attacks  they've 'won' a 412 million dollar settlement in US courts Turkish plane crashes at Amsterdam airport' Australian government trying to bankrupt woman found innocent of all charges  woman has won all multiple cases against the government  please help her plight get attention' How long did it take for the stock market to recover after 1929?  Oh only 25 long years!!! [Chart]' Hollywood to make 30 antiIranian movies  Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman, Hassan Qashqavi, has said that Hollywood film makers have thirty antiIranian movies in the offing ...' criminalization it does nothing! Despite being illegal in Mexico, abortion rates higher than US' Japan's exports plunged more than 45% in January compared to a year ago to hit the lowest figure ever recorded. Saudi lingerie trade in a twist' Palestinian olive oil bucks UK recession  Sales expected to double this year after Gaza conflict' Army is fighting British jihadists in Afghanistan' Three Ring Legal Circus Goes On The Pirate Bay Trial, Day 7' A major global drugs kingpin has agreed a plea bargain in the United States after admitting conspiracy to distribute millions of dollars worth of ecstasy. But who is this man of mystery who faces spending 10 years in jail?' Iran tests its first nuclear power plant' The world's newspapers, put your mouse on a city and the newspaper headlines pop up, COOL! The controversial conservationst who braved the US bombing to rescue the starving lions of Baghdad zoo' Amnesty International Calls For Arms Embargo Against Israel, Cites U.S.Made White Phosphorus' IDF still preventing human rights groups from investigating war crime allegations' Border guards pissed off about pay storm their headquarters and kill their superiors.. Prime minister pardons all of them  WTF?' Tracking Down Gaza War's Deadly, Mysterious Cubes Mother sets fire to her daughter's gloating rapist Gaddafi Israel, not Sudan, to blame for crisis in Darfur ' West urged to give Pakistan $5bn. If we fail, we face a truly frightening prospect terrorist sanctuary, economic meltdown, and spiralling radicalism, all in a nation with 170 million inhabitants and a full arsenal of nuclear weapons,' Pakistan turns into a greater tinderbox The Supreme Court rules that opposition leader Nawaz Sharif cannot hold office' Rights Group Calls for Israel/Hamas Arms Embargo' Man survives 10 days in ski mountain, spouse dies. Neither police nor search and rescue teams began ground searches until Tuesday, despite helicopter pilots twice reporting they saw an SOS symbol carved into the snow.' India names Pakistani colonel in connection with Mumbai terror attacks ' Toga party turns into rampage in New Zealand' The Chinese navy saves Italian merchant ship from Somalian pirates' Dutch to Muslims Do you really want to settle here?' Diamonds may be forever but diamond stores are not  Zales closing 115 stores' Binyam Mohamed, recently released from Guantanamo, issues a statement.' Mexico is in Freefall  With cartels taking over cities and killing all antidrug officials, the country is crying out for help  but is unlikely to get it from the US' French President uses music without permission  band threaten to sue  offered 1 euro as a 'symbolic gesture' Mr. Mohan, a Hindu, Became a Muslim to Marry His Mistress; Then Things Got Messy' Las Vegas running out of water!?' Why Do You Kill Zaid?.. A look into why young Iraqis are joining the resistance movement in Iraq. A must watch.' 50 people are reported to have been killed in Bangladesh after border guards stage armed mutiny' Government admits Britain handed suspects to US for rendition ' In the state of Zacatecas, residents of Villanueva demanded that the military take over. The soldiers came, but drug war violence got worse.' Troubled Swiss bank UBS placed $31 billion wrong order  the biggest in monetary terms in the history of the Tokyo Stock Exchange' Mexico sending 5,000 troops to besieged border city' John Hutton admits terror suspects were handed over for rendition' We're on the brink of disaster Economic instability may lead to civil unrest, ethnic strife and even war Opinion Pakistan  Failed state in the making, or the new war zone?' The Israelis said macaroni is banned because they don't consider it an essential food item. Oscars' mentions of gays & lesbians censored in Asia ... CONMISSION Wonderful retort by a detainee during his hearing at Guantanamo' Japan's trade figures signal depression UK admits handing over two terror suspects to US authorities in Afghanistan, sparking claims of collusion in extraordinary rendition' Israel blocks pasta shipment to Gaza Is someone going to kill you with a piece of macaroni? ' Russian man dies of Viagra overdose after two women challenge him to 24 hour sex orgy.' Congrats Israel expected to be labelled an Apartheid Country for the second time on a row, but still getting U.S. support.' Israel okays plans for thousands of West Bank settlement homes, despite formal commitments not to do so.' Reconstruction of Hudson River plane crash done with CG and actual flight audio' Breaking news NATO documents about Afghanistan have been cracked, Jordan is secretly still involved in the war, Russian troops in Afghanistan is out of the question' Stay Classy Chinese police 'shot burning monk before putting him out' 90,000 Seeds Added to Doomsday Vault on its first Birthday' Coordinated assault against one of Obama's intelligence picks inspired by his critical stance to Israel. If you think that Slumdog Millionaire movie did not show india as a developed country  you may have to step outside your opulent bungalow and have a look at how most people in india live  they live in villages and slums ignored by the government, celebrities and ollywood' filmmakers' French professor sacked over 9/11 conspiracy theory' Monk prays in same place every day, leaves footprints in solid timber.' Wikileaks Cracks Password on NATO Afghanistan Document' DNA details of over 1 million UK children are now on the national database  half of them have no criminal convictions' 50,000 combat troops to remain in Iraq after withdrawal' US tax dollars are used to train Latin American soldiers how to oppress their own people' World turns into 'gangsta paradise' as crisis continues to aggravate Radioactive' paedophile on the run  The UK government is planning to get around a European court ruling that condemned Britain's retention of the DNA profiles of more than 800,000 innocent people by keeping the original samples used to create the database. Argentina calls CIA comment irresponsible Argentina on Thursday blasted the head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency for saying the country, along with Ecuador and Venezuela, could be pushed into instability by the global economic crisis ...' Airline considers charging passengers to use toilet' Britain Senior police officer warns of summer of rage' The US economy shrank by 6.2% in the last three months of 2008' Former Rwandan priest convicted of genocide' Pelosi Tosses Cold Water On Reviving Assualt Weapons Ban' The United States has decided to boycott an upcoming UN conference on racism unless its final document is changed to drop all references to Israel' Bullied teen gives up waiting for the school system to do something, and involves the media. It's about time. American Jewish Leaders blast Hillary Clinton over her request that Israel allow humanitarian aid into Gaza.' Wikileaks has cracked the encryption to a key document relating to the war in Afghanistan.'  As President Obama was visiting Canada last week, a Russian bomber approached America's polite neighbor to the north. But Canadian fighters intercepted the bomber and told it to go on home, eh TMZ Story Forces Bank to Return $1.6 Billion!!!!' Mugabe wants Zimbabwe's white farmers out, land seizures continue The few remaining white farmers should quickly vacate their farms as they have no place there.' British Government 'using fear as a weapon to erode civil liberties'.  Britain on brink of becoming database police state, speakers tell Convention on Modern Liberty Taliban murders schoolchildren on bus, their crime being Shia' French professor sacked over 9/11 conspiracy theory' The Untouchables of Asia  amazing photo essay' Protesters witness Tibetan monk being 'shot' while on fire Tibetan monk sets himself on fire and then gets shot by police. Can anyone explain that last half to me?' Surveillance powers employed to fight terrorism have been misused by UK civil servants in undercover spying operations' Appeal for Afghan Convicted of Saying Men & Women are Equal...' A former Nun's memoirs rock India's Catholic Church 100 Churches In Burma Ordered To Close' Harper 'We will defend our airspace'  Canada will not tolerate Russian intrusions Canada has become the No. 1 source of ecstasy south of the border' Inside the world of trafficked indentured servants and the visa violators who care for our old.' Why did the Washington Post censor todays Doonesbury comic strip?' Pic of Romanian plane just as it makes crash landing' Mugabe says he'll seize more white farms 90 year old guy takes drive of death on mobility scooter and survives. Police won't prosecute 'Oldfashioned' Scottish bank shrugs off economic crisis In Denmark, the word God is one of the most embarrassing words you can say. You would rather go naked through the city than talk about God.' Liberty groups unite to defend UK rights 'The govt and courts are collaborating in slicing away freedoms and pushing Britain to the brink of becoming a database police state'' National Geographic slams Alberta's oil sands  Canadian politicians pissed! Israel has plans to demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem to make way for a tourist site. Activists say it's a demographic play that amounts to ethnic cleansing He wants to harass ordinary people with tough copyright laws. But now he's being sued for copyright infringement. French President Sarkozy revealed as total hypocrite Mexico's On The Brink Of Chaos Guilty Britain admits collusion, new torture claims emerge' Chinese lunar satellite has crashed into the moon. Beijing called it a controlled collision.' REVEALED 'There was no Cabinet debate in runup to war,' says Short as UK Government refuses to release minutes Father sues Turkish Education Ministry for forcing his 11yrold daughter to watch racist and disturbing film countering claims that Ottoman Turks committed genocide against Armenians in 1915' Movie about lebanese gang violence canned after outbreak of gang violence at screening' Israel's death squads Former member of an Israeli assassination squad breaks his silence for the first time; tells of his role in botched ambush that killed two Palestinian bystanders and the two militants targeted Dubai Property Miracle  Now 13 Aussies arrested in Dubai collapse, can be held indefinitely' Olmert vows 'severe' response to Gaza rockets So long, farewell, auf wiedersehen is it game over for Swiss banks?' Video of alleged US teen assault' Chechen leader imposes strict brand of Islam, honor killings ensue'  Iran Stands by Amputations 'Better Punishment than Prison'...  Drug Trafficker How I Escaped a Bankok Jail' Iraqi police get motivational speech from US serviceman  winning hearts and minds' Ahmadinejad Adviser Tells Visiting Hollywood Delegation to Apologize for Insults and Slanders Directed at Iranians..... ' Ugandas epidemic of child sacrifice' Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip have reportedly fired five rockets over the border into Israeli territory but there is no indication of casualties.' Bangladesh mutineers could face gallows  They started unjustified killing, one angry colonel said. Now they will see what justified killing is. ' The United States believes Iran has stockpiled enough nuclear fuel to make a bomb, U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen said on Sunday.'