 The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind  true story of a Malawian teenager who transformed his village by building electric windmills out of junk' Romania government collapses' EU's food agency threw out every one of the 180 claims that probiotic ingredients improve health. Now 220mayear 'dairy shots' industry in disarray following EU scientists' ruling  Australian town ban commerciallybottled water  Drinking fountains replace shopbought mineral water in environmental initiative' No English please, We are in Germany here' Man who accidentally cut off his arm with a chainsaw has had it reattached and is now working normally' Police in bras and stockings? With 10 others, I have been charged with impersonating a police officer, punishable by six months' jail, for a G20 protest. Why? Tomorrow, 4,000,000 people will vote (again) on behalf of 496,000,000    Ireland and the EU's Lisbon Treaty. BBC admits al qaeda never existed' A quarter of Iceland's population may refuse to pay mortgages People are very angry because we feel the banks were gambling with the economy, with the currency, stealing, stealing our properties.' Video shows Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit well; Palestinian prisoners freed.' Tony Blair Set To Become Europe's First President IPCC sticks to Menezes decision The police who shot and killed a Brazilian plumber in London will face no disciplinary action.' Stung by a damning U.N. report alleging war  crimes in Gaza, Israel is trying to dodge overseas  prosecution.' Farm of fear Between 1922 and 1967 up to 10,000 children migrated from Britain to Australia under officiallyapproved schemes, thinking they were heading for a better life. While some remember the experience fondly, others became victims of beatings and sexual abuse' Police have shut down an enormous cocaine  smuggling network involving senior Israeli  criminals and Panamanian mobsters.' Three days of bloodsoaked butchery in the unfamiliar forests of Germany culminated in one of the Roman Empire's darkest moments, and may have helped shape the Europe of today ExPeruvian President Alberto Fujimori has been sentenced to six years in jail for corruption by a court in Lima' Colombia's spy scandal  The intelligence agency has been spying on Colombians, but most don't care if it means they're safer from guerrillas California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger waded into the Roman Polanski case Thursday, saying that while he admires the Oscarwinning director's work, he would not treat his situation any differently than everyone else.' Peru's Northern Amazon  Blighted By The Toxic Legacy of Oil 35 years of oil production in Block 1AB in the northern Amazon has left indigenous peoples, who have lived in the area since time immemorial, suffering malnutrition, sickness and social disruption Indicted War Criminal Ratko Mladic protected by Americans.' Does anyone else think something radical happened when they see Government 'collapses' or 'dissolves', and then realize it is simply parliamentary machinations?  56% of American Jews think U.S. should strike Iran.  66% think Israel should. ' Ecuador Police battled Amazon Indians protesting against laws they believe will threaten their lands.' Rio de Janeiro WON!!! Rio Olympics 2016' Palestinians pressured by America not to endorse the UN resolution to charge Israel with war crimes' Tens of thousands rally on the streets of Rome against Berlusconi for his attacks on press freedom' Does anyone else find it strange that the Fox News was so horrified about the Olympics taking place in Chicago due to fears of gang violence? In 2008, Chicago had 510 murders. Rio had 5,700.' Up to 4,000 buried in Indonesian quake rubble' Think terrorists only grow on one side of the fence? An event pivotal to the beginning of the mass exodus of Palestinians was that of an incident of terrorism by Zionist groups the massacre of the village of Deir Yassin in 1948' Sumatra quake 'levelled villages'  Thousands of people may have died Report Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was born a Jew' Mahmoud Ahmadinejad revealed to have Jewish past' Venezuela Peasants training to protect one another after shootings. It's like one's life is worth nothing, like the life of the person with money is the one with value.' When all his upper teeth were bashed out, he was 61. The guards refused to let him get dentures for eight years, leaving him to gum his food.' Growing recognition in Europe and North America that religious illiteracy is creating serious barriers between cultures, say scholars.' Chaos as almost all transatlantic flights between Britain and North America have been grounded by a major air traffic control failure' Disasters in Asia International Red Cross Red Crescent appeals for close to 7.75 million US dollars to respond to emergencies in the Philippines and Viet Nam. ' US paid reward to Lockerbie witness, legal papers claim' Italy Berlusconi braces for protest in defence of press freedom' Afghan soldier shoots dead two American troops' Britain must grow up and stop believing Europhobe nonsense' In Indonesian villages, nearly all residents feared buried in rubble | UstaadKhan Blogs' A story of politics, hopes and dreams, difficulties and Beer Taybeh, The first and only Palestinian Beer.' Surprise ProChavez Candidates Win in Venezuela Oil Industry Union Elections' Population, famine and fate in Ethiopia' Blame it on Rio' Photos of dogs at MCACC West as of 1 October 2009' IMF confident about Iraq loan' So I wonder what the voting recording on the this twostate solution everyone is talking about!HOLY SHIT!n' Roman Polanski in 1979 If I had killed somebody, it wouldnt have had so much appeal to the press, you see? But fing, you see, and the young girls. Judges want to f young girls. Juries want to f young girls. Everyone wants to f young girls!' I was ordered to cover up President Karzai election fraud, sacked UN envoy says' London challenges bottled water industry by installing drinking machines at rail and bus stations to benefit commuters' Overseas students are better at English than the British' Ninety percent of the Afghan army can't read  Argentine folk singer Mercedes Sosa, often called The voice of Latin America, dies aged 74' Italians rally for press freedom' Why is the country so short of money that we can't even rebuild the LondonnTube? Because we allow the banks a monopoly to create it, and they chargenthe earth. Sea of blood Every year, thousands of dolphins are herded into a tranquil cove in Japan where some are captured for sale to marine parks, the rest slaughtered for their meat' Silvio Berlusconi firm to pay 690m compensation for bribing judge' The West is trying to make it seem like Iran did something wrong in regards to their second uranium enrichment site. That may not be the case.' US economic power is declining' North Korean ship detained by Indian Navy' WTF!?? Air India pilots, crew come to blows in the cockpit at 30,000 ft, endangering the lives of passengers and grossly violating safety norms ' Palestinians blackmailed by America  not to endorse the UN resolution to  charge Israel with war crimes  ' Afghanistan Soldiers accused of using 'dumdumullets. (Dumdum bullets have been illegal under the Geneva Conventions since just after WWI.) Illegal ammunition found in possession of Danish soldiers in Afghanistan  accused face severe penalties. UN nuclear watchdog praises Iran for setting date to open its newly disclosed uranium enrichment plant to international inspection.' I think that cancer will become a disease that is not a major cause of death. ' Israel security forces have closed off the alAqsa  mosque compound in Jersualem as more than 200  Palestinians stage a sitin at the site  Al Jazeera' Japan  Postwar defense aide was CIA mole' Irans nuclear threat is a lie. Obama's showdown with Iran has another agenda. The media have been tasked with preparing the public for endless war.' Socialists trounce conservatives in Greek election.' Natasha has, unfortunately, over the past two decades become a byword for a Russian prostitute' 'They were sucked deep into the earth' A Europeanled revolution in chemical regulation that requires that thousands of chemicals finally be assessed for their potentially toxic effects on human beings and the environment signals the end of American industrys ability to withhold critical data from the public. ' Egypt cleric 'to ban full veils' The Egyptian newspaper alMasri alYom quoted him expressing surprise at the girl's attire and telling her it was merely a tradition, with no connection to religion or the Koran. 10 million people rendered homeless and nearly 2 million houses destroyed in flooding caused by heavy rains across southern India.' Norway has retained its status as the world's most desirable country to live  Israel's former military chief, now a government minister, cancels a visit to London fearing arrest for alleged war crimes. Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei said that Israel is number one threat to Middle East with its nuclear arms' IAEA  With respect to a recent media report, the IAEA reiterates that it has no concrete proof that there is or has been a nuclear weapon programme in Iran. ' Socialists win in Greece defeating the centerright government of Karamanlis; 'hard work' ahead, Papandreou says On maps, Crimea is Ukrainian territory, but when court bailiffs tried to serve papers at a lighthouse here last month, they suddenly found themselves surrounded by armed troops from Russia's Black Sea Fleet who delivered them to police as if they were trespassing teenagers.  Ahmadenijad Jewish ? As I Suspected, Too Good To Be True' The financial derivatives market is 8.5 x the entire global GDP. Someone explain to me how that is possible. Or is GoldmanSachs playing with Monopoly money?' Suicide Bomb Blast at UN Office in Pakistani Capital' McDonald's restaurants to open at the Louvre  Colombian teachers face highest rates of political violence political violence against educators cannot, and should not, be separated from an understanding of... a highly unequal development model favouring a small minority of wealthy elites at the expense of the vast majority of the population' Family planning is a divisive issue in Uganda, but Amref's approach to encouraging more people in Katine to use contraceptives is paying off Australia is the 2nd best place to live  after Norway???' Greece After killing Alexandros Grigoropoulos last year, ruling rightwing regime loses by 10 percentage points' Honduras The threat of a Haitistyle foreign military occupation' Al Qaeda's deputy leader Ayman alZawahri accused Libya of torturing to death a militant whose confession was used to justify the U.S.led invasion of Iraq. Ex(drunk) Finance Minister Nakagawa Found Dead At Tokyo Home' Baby mammoth yields secrets after 40,000 years in Siberian tundra ' Germans reelected Angela Merkel, but how well do they know her? ' The niqab, a full veil worn by some devout Muslim women which covers the entire body except for the eyes, has come under fire in several countries, but this isn't exactly the first place you'd expect to find it banned from schools. Ten years after a nuclear accident killed two plant workers and shattered the safety myth surrounding atomic power generation, Japan still has much work to do in improving responses to cases of radiation exposure' Outrageous behavior by Islamic Movement inflaming Muslims to storm AlAqsa on Jewish holiday. Invents conspiracy that Jews are taking over their mosque although it's a traditional week of Jewish gathering at the Western Wall. Hamas calls for Intifada, and Jordan warns Israeli ambassador. Italian prosecutor states CIA kidnapping case too grave to cover up' I guess they didn't ask Reddit... One of the mostwanted suspects in the Rwandan genocide has been arrested ' Banks which helped Madoff skim billions set salary limits, non rich people need not apply for accounts' The G7 Abandons The Dollar  Forbes.com' The plight of 400,000 refugees no one has ever heard of' Cellphone snapshots show that women were the particular targets of Guinean soldiers who suppressed a political demonstration at a stadium last week, with victims and witnesses describing rapes, beatings and acts of intentional humiliation.' Tony Morgan, who set up the site, said This could turn out to be the best crime prevention weapon theres ever been. I wanted to combine the serious business of stopping crime with the incentive of winning money. ' When the army's in the dock,  How British war crimes in Iraq were covered up| George Monbiot in the Guardian Irish voters say yes to Lisbon treaty (With some explanation of what this means)' Convicted pedophile awarded $93k after being assaulted in prison. Says I don't  want her finding out because she's going to go me for it' North Korea finds out its starving population is about to freeze to death.' Leaked IAEA paper Project 110 is the code name of Iran's secret effort to produce a nuclear warhead capable of fitting inside the nose cone of a Shahab 3 missile. ' Remote villages in Sumatra have been severely hit by the quake but are hard to reach. A report from the ground.' Britain's The Independent newspaper says Gulf Arab states are in secret talks with Russia, China, Japan and France to replace the US dollar with a basket of currencies in the trading of oil. More sex leads to less AIDS according to MIT economists.' Summary of Goldstone report Generally OK to shoot at civilians while hiding behind civilians, but a horrible war crime to try and prevent it. Terrorists of the world, rejoice.' The Independent Fact Finding Mission on the Conflict in Georgia is more than good in a field generally characterised by mediocrity, it is a rare gem. It suggests, among other things, the need for more clarity on what, if any, are the agreed rules for the making, breaking and interaction of states.' New Zealanders can now make online submissions to parliamentary committees' Something is afoot in central Africa and we are dropping the ball. On a visit to the region in 2007, a deep source at the UN told me that his/her expectation was that violence and genocide could erupt again and that the epicenter would be Burundi.' Egypt's top cleric to ban veils in schools After being forced from their monastery last week, 354 followers of exiled monk Thich Nhat Hanh face new police pressure to leave the temple where they sought refuge. We see clearly that they don't want our young nuns and monks to stay together and practice as a community.' A senior Israeli cabinet minister has blamed local human rights groups for hindering travel abroad by some leading officials concerned that they might faces war crimes charges.' Parma Returns to the Philippines  It is indeed Strike Three as Parma again made landfall in the Philippines, this time on the northern tip of Ilocos Norte in extreme Northern Luzon' Top Palestinian Negotiator Israel is lighting matches in hopes of igniting a big fire' The great energy ripoff in UK Utility companies put up power prices by 42% last year, or 382 per household. Since then, the wholesale cost of gas and electricity has halved but bills have fallen by only 4%...wtf?!' Piracy You're doing it wrong [Classic War Nerd] The French' Latvia pushes back against the IMF and EU  by threatening to bail out their mortgage holders instead of European banks' Four RCMP officers lied, Polish lawyer tells Taser inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski in incident at Vancouver airport' For all the recent uproar over Iran's nuclear program, little attention has been paid to the fact that the country which first provided Tehran with nuclear equipment was the US Italian MPs to consider ban on full Islamic dress for women' Bahai Cemetery Ruined for the 18th Time' Teenage girl goes Rambo on homewrecking terrorists  kills leader with a hatchet, steals his gun, and sends his cronies running. ' Everyone is dead Four villages in Indonesia may be declared mass graves after earthquake' Canada's prostitution laws are puzzling, illconceived and contribute to horrific violence against sex workers; calls for prostitution to be decriminalized Iran's Revolutionary Guards have bought a controlling stake in the country's telecommunications company, fuelling suspicions that the organisation is quietly staging a military takeover. Somali pirates launch terrifying attack on lone ship in the Indian ocean with Kalashnikov assault rifles. Unfortunately for them it happened to be a French warship' An Israeli cabinet minister has cancelled a visit to  Britain for fear he might be arrested on allegations  he committed war crimes.' Gore Vidal's United States of fury Sugar becomes the new oil as prices soar The price of sugar on global commodity markets has doubled since the beginning of the year and is close to 28yr high!' Obama's paradox admits Afghanistan war is doomed to fail without a transparent, corruptionfree gov't in place, but can't dodge the fact Karzai's regime is incredibly corrupt, nor explain how to fix it. Our data in their hands, nowhere near safe. The ID card comedy show trundles on. Security in this country is a joke!' At a demonstration against Guinea's Capt. Moussa Dadis Camara on Sept. 28, witnesses said soldiers opened fire on the crowds and raped and sexually assaulted female protesters. Now the U.S. is insisting Camara take responsibility for the abuses. UK doctors pay some psychiatric patients to make them take their medication In trial, 68 patients with bipolar disorder or schizophrenia will get 15 for every jab of antipsychotic drug' Hamas bans Gaza motorcyclists from giving women rides ' Louvre museum accused of buying stolen archeological pieces' Obama administration forces Palestinian Authority to drop Demand for Vote on Gaza Report  This report would have finally eliminated the impunity Israel enjoys in international law and would have held them accountable for the war crimes that took place in Gaza.' NATO seeks more Russian help in Afghanistan' The plan to dedollarise the oil market, denied by Saudi Arabia being, as expected  reflects a growing resentment in the Middle East, Europe and in China at America's decadeslong political as well as economic world dominance. Oh wow. Joseph Stalin's grandson, Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, has launched a court action claiming a liberal Russian newspaper has defamed the former Soviet dictator by claiming Stalin ordered the deaths of Soviet citizens. berlusconi immunity 'overturned' French culture minister, Frdric Mitterrand, faced calls for his resignation over an autobiography in which he described paying young boys for sex while abroad' American soldiers serving in Afghanistan are depressed and deeply disillusioned'  'Mass Slaughter Is a Systemic Problem of the Modern World'  The political scientist Daniel Jonah Goldhagen has never been one to shy away from controversy. In his new book, he argues that state leaders who propagate genocide should be killed outright. Amazon Kindle Goes International I still don't get it. What's the appeal of a connected device that won't let you browse decently, won't accept many etext formats, and tries to lock you in in so many ways? EU backs UN Gaza report, disappointing Israel' This will affect the whole food chain, the one you are at the top of. ' A recent poll found that more than half of Israeli Jews believed intermarriage should be equated with national treason' Saudis ask for aid if world cuts dependence on oil' Tehran claims U.S. played a role in the disappearance of an Iranian nuclear scientist.' Romania unveiled a new Holocaust memorial in Bucharest today, saying the nation was now facing up to its role in the killing of Jews and Gypsies during World War Two after decades of official denial.' Nigeria offers a twomonth period in which militants can surrender with amnesty.  Over 8,000 militants turn themselves in, surrendering 5,000 weapons and 18 gunboats.' German author Herta Mueller won the 2009 Nobel Literature Prize for her work inspired by her life under Nicolae Ceausescu's dictatorship in Romania EU draws up plans to establish itself as 'world power' Muslims form quarter of world population' Saudis ask for aid if world cuts dependence on oil' Israel's FM Avigdor Lieberman Peace is an Illusion learn to live with it' Ahead of the change of law, limiting Spains laws of universal jurisdiction, a legal case was filed at the Audiencia Nacional against four United States presidents and four United Kingdom prime ministers for war crimes.' Israel FM to tell U.S. envoy no peace deal possible' Taliban suicide bomber has attacked the Indian embassy in Kabul, killing at least 17' In Macedonia, a new national encyclopaedia has sparked a row worthy of the 19th century, with furious denunciations, forced resignations, hurried political intervention and appeals to outsiders to join in the condemnation of insulting entries.' Taliban claim they pose no threat to west. Statement on known Taliban website may indicate that leaders are retreating from alliance with alQaida' Tsunami alert issued after huge quake rocks Pacific' Raise R&D spending in Europe to a gargantuan 5% of GDP by 2030. Triple the share of the European Union's budget spent on science, and triple national outlays on higher education within Europe as well. And while we're at it Double the percentage of the E.U. population with a tertiary education Yahoo provided Iran with the names of 200,000 users' Peter Brierley, whose 28yearold son Shaun died in March 2003, refused to shake Blair's hand when he offered it, telling the ex premier I'm not shaking your hand, you've got blood on it.' France has arrested a CERN researcher with suspected alQaeda links' French President Sarkozy accused of nepotism after handing top post to 23yearold son' Global Muslim population hits 1.57 billion nearly 1 in 4 people in the world practice Islam.' What a bizarre microcosm view of the global financial crisis Hamas is bailing out speculators who went from boom to bust when Israeli warplanes blew up their smuggling tunnels into Egypt.' Stop nuclear proliferation in the Middle East  disarm Israel already!' Israeli media mogul looking to buy 50% of AlJazeera' Moldova, where Lenin still stands  How the Communist Party has held on to Moldovans' votes Less than a month ago, South Africa's President Jacob Zuma set up an anticorruption hotline.  On its first day it took 27,000 calls and had in its first three hours received some 7,300 complaints from frustrated citizens. Overwhelmed, no one seems able to get through. Debt Moratorium in Iceland. A leading member of the Icelandic parliament called Monday night for the country to declare a debt moratorium and stop attempting to pay the $6 billion which the British and Netherlands governments are seeking to extort from Iceland...' Iraqis Question Merit of PeacePrize.' A court in Vietnam has sentenced six democracy activists to up to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against the government. (Article includes creepy Big Brotheresque pics)' Egypt says the Louvre must return stolen artifacts or forget about ever exhibiting our historical treasures again.  The Louvre says, Yes, sir; right away, sir!' According to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life, there are currently 2.1 billion Christians, 1.57 billion Muslims, 900 million Hindus and 14 million Jews worldwide.' Pakistan Suicide car bomb kills 41, wounds 100, gov left with no other option but to launch an offensive in the militant stronghold of South Waziristan' Residents of Kabul, Baghdad and Jerusalem voice reservations at US president's award. Nearly 1 in 4 people worldwide is Muslim.' The latest sign that Democracy and Capitalism have  triumphed in Iraq I've seen mothers haggle with  agents over the price of their daughters' Energy bills could rise 60%, UK customers warned' Czech president Klaus makes last move to stop Lisbon Treaty ' Obama surprised and deeply humbled to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and calls to action' No other country in the world would so readily offer its citizens to the US as sacrificial lambs merely to safeguard a 'special political relationship'.' Israeli FM says anyone who expects Israel to make peace with Palestinians is Delusional.' The war in Sri Lanka ended months ago. So why does the Sri Lankan military need another $300 million to get it through the year?' China detects deadly nerve gas at border with NKorea report' Quiz Can you name all the countries of the world in 15 minutes? ' This is where Russian gas comes from Yamal peninsula native Nenets people will see their nomadic lifestyle destroyed by oil and gas industry' Director of rightwing lobby group the Taxpayer's Alliance lives in France and doesn't pay British tax Iran  Three sentenced to death over election protests' Landowners in Honduras hired Colombian paramilitaries, UN says' South Africa drug kingpin gave top cop, onetime  Interpol president, gifts as friend.' Civilian deaths are down this year in the Israelioccupied West Bank and residents face fewer disruptions. The secret? Counterinsurgency tactics imported from Iraq that emphasize building up living conditions over simply hunting down militants.' German Chancellor Angela Merkel criticised the efforts of Google to build a massive digital library, saying the Internet should not be exempt from copyright laws. '  Samples of ancient air extracted from deep inside the Antarctic and Greenland ice caps make it clear that CO2 is scarce in the atmosphere during ice ages and relatively abundant during warmer interglacial periods  like the one we're in now.   Washington Post Instead Of Obama, The Nobel Peace Prize Should Go To Neda Of Iran' Senate and Congress Helps DoD Hide Torture Photos. Stash the illegal activity in an appropriations bill. ' A Brazilian TV presenter and politician accused of  ordering killings to popularise his own television  show has handed himself in to police to face  charges.' Israeli Cabinet minister warns Iran will be destroyed if it attacks Israel' Twoyearold with same IQ as Einstein' Feeding the world which countries are most at risk?' Kremlin accused of fixing Russian vote nOpposition charges voting for Moscow city council is rigged in advance.' Yahoo vigorously denies charges that it turned over user names to Iran' Nobel Peace Prize fully exposes the illusion that is Barack Obama' All indigenous peoples of the world have the United  Nationsendorsed right not to be colonised' French marines on trawlers repel pirates in Indian Ocean' Gunmen attack Pakistani army HQ and take hostages' Pretoria Metro cop 'leads' robbery gang. Ethiopia Just too many babies' Man donates rape reward to victim' CERN physicist from LHC team admits links with alQaida' France Why Telecom workers kill themselves  In their suicide notes, some 24 French victims blame workplace climate.' Turkey has canceled an annual NATO drill that was to have taken place this week because it opposed Israeli participation' Mexicos LyFC ( company that supplies electric power to four central states and the capital ) is disappeared and installations raided  by federal police.Problems with union ahead.' Militants dead, arrested as Pakistan Army HQ siege ends' Pakistani security forces rescue hostages held by militants.' Mexican Mayor Latest Drug War Casualty' Turkey and Armenia sign accords to normalize relations' In Afghanistan, more women are driving' Israel to Palestinians If you don't want to be collectively punished, forget supporting a UN investigation of Gaza war collective punishment    Colombia renames their disgraced intelligence agency to Central Intelligence Agency.  I guess they no longer feel compelled to maintain their facade of sovereignty.' Damage to UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown's eye raises questions about his future  is he preparing the ground for an exit strategy Sick soldier dies of cancer after being given smoker's lungs in transplant. Lungs had cancer before implanted.  IRAQ Bomb attack on Sunni Imam killed because he criticized AlQaeda' CHINA Death sentence for a Chinese Han, at the origin of Xinjiang clashes' UN Charter Members shall refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state... The Sec Council shall determine the existence of any threat to the peace and shall make recommendations, or decide what measures shall be taken' Turkey and Armenia to ReEstablish Diplomatic Ties Today Historic accord signed following last minute intervention from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.' For all the Russian nationalism in last night's Russia vs. Germany World Cup qualifier, the Russian team was sponsored by Volkswagen No Afghan Involved In 9/11 Attacks Afghan Warlord' Chinese Dissidents Disappointed By Obamas Nobel Peace Prize' Afghan Hezbollah?  An alternative Approach'  Islam, Israel and the United States ' Clinton terrorists increasing threat to Pakistan' South Africa ANC's coup in Kennedy Road; Shack dwellers `Our movement is under attack!' Police forces across Canada... are immediately changing their Taser use policy after the manufacturer issued a directive that officers should not aim the weapon at a suspect's chest.' Charlie Brooker on the aging process.' Berlusconi I am the best prime minister ever ... I am absolutely the politician most persecuted by prosecutors in the entire history of the world throughout the ages.' Welcome to Debt City Expats who took out loans during Dubai's good times now flee or face jail Turns out the conspiracy theorists were right Interpol and the United Nations are poised to become partners in fighting crime by jointly grooming a global police force that would be deployed as peacekeepers among rogue nations riven by war and organized crime' 'Embarrassing' Incident in Gulf of Suez German Ship Transporting Arms for Iran Russians gripped by YouTube video claims of government role in hedge fund scam' Research by the Royal Melbourne Children's Hospital suggests children under the age of two should not watch any TV at all. No one will ever know how Afghans voted in their  country's presidential elections on Aug. 20, 2009.  Seven weeks after the polling, the U.N.backed  Electoral Complaints Commission (ECC) is still  trying to separate fraudulent tallies from ballots.  One year since banking collapse, Icelands crisis deepens ' Child labour is illegal in Bolivia, but almost  320,000 of the country's children and adolescents in extreme conditions, in the mines, Brazil nut plantations and sugar cane field, earning less than $5 a day Turkey has postponed a joint air force drill after opposing Israel's participation because of the war in Gaza. The U.S. announces plans to send the USS George Washington to the South Korean port of Busan on Tuesday; North Korea fires five shortrange missiles off its coast and declared a 'no sail' zone in the area from October 1020. Probably just a coincidence. I don't think it's nice to have diversity anywhere, myself. BNP wives  a 46minute documentary on the British rightwing' Jordan is one of the most waterscarce countries in the world. High population growth and the depletion of groundwater reserves are threatening to aggravate this situation in the future.' Zhanglidong, China  Visitors can smell this village long before they see it' China to continue birth control policy vice premier' N Korea 'testfires two missiles'  The Top 3 Isms in the Middle East' Benefits of Piracy in Somalia Scared international fishing trawlers avoid region and as a result, local fishing thriving' Study suggests many of the Canadians who died or hospitalised earlier this year with H1N1 virus were young adults, female and aboriginal' Afghanistan Interview with Malalai Joya  The occupation is `a war on the Afghan people' 'Crumbs instead of Cake'  Germany's New  Government Faces Reality Check 40 years later, man arrested for New York plane hijacking ' Amazon To Charge Oz Kindle Users 40 Percent Extra Per Book ' The report and question that The Guardian is being gagged for  wikileaks to the rescue.' Guardian gagged from reporting parliament |nttttMedia |nttttThe Guardian' Last surviving members of an ancient Amazonian tribe are a tragic testament to greed and genociden' 1. claim to be a law firm, 2. threaten people to sue over copyright/filesharing unless they submit 500, 3. send out lots of mails, 4. ???, 5. profit.' 41 killed, 45 hurt as bombings continue in Pakistan' Black youth worker arrested for watching police wins compensation  nBritish Transport Police to pay 22,000 to man handcuffed and held for four hours after witnessing teenager being detained' UK approve cigarette vending machine ban ' Food production will have to increase by 70% over the next 40 years to feed the world's growing population, CarterRuck the man who's firm tried to gag the Guardian ...he did for freedom of speech what the Boston Strangler did for doortodoor salesmen.' Global homicide murder rates around the world' AlQaeda 'faces funding crisis' British pilot diverts pathfinder bomb away from Taleban target and  into desert to save Afghan civilians [vid]' Romania plunged deeper into political turmoil govt falls on no confidence vote' 260 asylum seekers from Sri Lanka board a boat headed for Australia.  Aussie PM Kevin Rudd makes a personal plea to Indonesia to intercept the boat. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to West Java.' Indian Govt says Arunachal integral part of India after Chinese protest' Iranian Journalists Flee, Fearing Retribution for Covering Protests' Afghan leader accused of meddling in fraud probe. Karzai's man Barakzai resigned from the Electoral Complaints Commission to discredit their findings. Sri Lanka has announced that it will hold its presidential election two years ahead of schedule. The president and parliament are banking on their popularity in the wake of the LTTE's defeat, and may use that popularity to remove term limits from their constitution. Nuclear weapons [...] are weapons of the weak.' Russia and the US have pledged to work together to ensure Iran's nuclear programme is for peaceful purposes Amazing picture of an unusual ring that has mysteriously appeared over Moscow' Zionazism made easy in 4 steps' A UNbacked offensive to destroy a Hutu rebel group in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo has had disastrous humanitarian consequences, with more than 1,000 civilians killed, 7,000 raped, and 900,000 forced from their homes.' Russian FM Threats of Iran sanctions won't work Musician Changes Tone of Impoverished Village ' Fingerprint unmasks new Da Vinci painting, sold for $19,000 at auction as a 19th century German work. Swedish collector used multispectral digital imaging to peer through layers of pigment, discovering a fingerprint that proved the painting is a Da Vinvi worth $160 million.' NOT an Onion article Saudis Seek Payments for Any Drop in Oil Revenue ' Colombian hitmen reveal horror of the kill. People need to eat and there's a lot of hunger. We don't just want the crumbs. That's the big problem. There's a lot of idle hands around here and many people think they have a chance if they have a gun in their hand.' Israel must end unfair jailing  Israel holds hundreds of Palestinians without trial or any way to clear their names, say two Israeli rights groups which urge an end to such detentions.' Russia insist that it has the right to launch preemptive nuclear strikes' Mussolini was paid by MI5 to be a warmonger' Restrictive abortion laws do not prevent abortion The most recent data available, for 2003, show that a woman is as likely to have an abortion in regions where it is broadly legal as in regions where it is highly restricted. [chart]' A second attempt to stop oil pouring into Australian waters after a rig accident in the Timor Sea has failed.' India has rejected a demand by the Albanian government for the return of the remains of Nobel laureate Mother Teresa' Thousands of overseas students unable to enter UK' Palestinians say hopes in Obama evaporated and that he couldn't withstand the pressure of the Zionist lobby' Youth 'cannot live' without we Italian dictator Benito Mussolini 'was recruited by MI5'  Admin Can we put a flag next to articles in the worldnews subreddit to show what country an article is about?' BBCs Former Director General  The BBC Is Part Of A Conspiracy Preventing The Radical Changes Needed To UK Democracy  ' Military Records Banner Recruiting Year, because the job market is so bad.' Strange alliance The Philippines government has asked the country's largest Muslim separatist group to help find and free an Irish Catholic priest from pirates. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has apparently vowed to help.  Iranian officials have sentenced to death three protesters who participated in demonstrations following the nations disputed presidential election in June.' When Palestinians turn to peaceful demonstrations, the occupation forces start shooting to kill them before anybody knows it' Iraq report 85,000 Iraqis killed from 200408' World's smallest man reveals 18th birthday wish to find a wife  Israel  and only Israel  will decide whether to attack Iran's nukes Germanys Policy of Avoidance How Blunt Can One Be about Integration?' Russia reserves preemptive nuclear strike right' Britain faces looming threat of terror from 'neoNazis' out to kill black people, Jews and gaysn More than 80 Israeli students have announced their refusal to serve in the Israeli military the occupation is a violent, racist, inhumane, illegal, undemocratic, immoral and an extreme condition that presents a mortal danger to both peoples' Canadian trucker fined for smoking in the workplace. That being, of course, the cab of his truck. Which he owns.' Moscow to ban snow this winter.  Moscow Mayor, This winter in Moscow, snow will not fall on you.' Fascism joins the 21st century British National Party leader Nick Girffin has agreed to ask his party to allow nonwhite people to join.' New Zealand moves towards becoming a police state' Israeli Member of Paliament Deporting foreign children preserves Israel's Jewish identity' Israel gets angry when this happens on TV series, but pretty satisfied when done in Real Life.' Iranian Bloggers and tweeters Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, 'is dead' Between 1999 and 2003, medical researchers randomly purchased artesunate (antimalaria) from pharmacies in Cambodia, Myanmar, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam. The volume of fake pills rose from 38 percent to 53 percent. These fake drugs may account for 200,000 deaths a year. nn' Ayatollah Khamenei in coma says Michael Ledeen an Iranian expert' Pakistan Police Offices attacked in Lahore, More than 7 Killed' British Harrier pilot diverted bomb midflight to save civilians. Awesome video footage.' Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has halted a cabinet meeting and cancelled appointments in protest at the jailing of one of his aides  accused of plotting the assassination of President Robert Mugabe. Filipino Army seeks help from MILF rebels to free Irish priest' Mexican government closes electric utility, sacks 44,000 workers. The government of President Felipe Caldern had decreed the liquidation of the publicly owned firm that provides electricity for Mexico City and surrounding states in central Mexico, and the firing of its more than 40,000 workers...' Pakistan continues to destabilize. Today, the following were attacked the Federal Investigation Agency and 2 police stations.' Former Australian Foreign Minister Alexander  Downer Obama should give back Nobel Prize' UK MP bills 100,000 in expenses to his own company [Telegraph]' To try and show faith and science are compatible, Vatican to open Galileo exhibit (you know, because they were so instrumental to his discoveries)' German Intelligence agency warns of Iranian spies' Bands of militants and suicide bombers hit 4 sites in Pakistan; 37 Die' Multiple attacks on federal buildings in Lahore.  I used to think that Pakistan had a weak, incompetent democracy and a overly powerful, competent military that actually ran things.  I guess was wishful thinking.' For the first time in Australian legal history, a major trial is to be televised.nnDr Jayant Patel will face manslaughter charges in a Brisbane court over his time as a surgeon in Bundaberg.n' It is unacceptable in the 21st century that almost one in six of the world's population (1 billion) is now going hungry UN It is impossible for any city in the world to improve infrastructure to keep pace with the rise in vehicular population.' Blackwater used 'child prostitutes in Iraq' Uruguay has become the first country to provide a laptop for every child attending state primary school. And they're running Linux. Africa's Atrocities in Pictures [Graphic NSFW] A Russian academic investigating the fate of ethnic Germans deported by Stalin during World War II was arrested and ordered to remain silent by the FSB, who seized his research.' On a date in Tehran' Canadian health care  it's their right In contrast to the US, where health care is a commodity, Canada has, so far, treated it like a human right. Baby survives being run over by a train (video) [potentially quite distressing]' Charlie Brooker Why there was nothing 'human' about Jan Moir's column on the death of Stephen Gately Israel's PM If UN backs war crimes accusations there will be no chance of peace in Middle Eastn A Russian survey shows that more than 40% favor a leader with an iron fist to democracy.' Twitter storm over 'vile' Daily Mail column on gay singers death. Press Complaints Council approaches record number of complaints. Bosnia's war crimes court gives former Serb officer Milorad Trbic 30 years for killing dozens and taking part in the persecution and detention of thousands during the 1995 Srebrenica massacre of some 8,000 Muslims, but acquits him of genocide charges due to lack of evidence Jan Moir  possibly the most hated journalist in the UK right now? Read the comments...' Chavez Hilton owners were cheeky, so we seized hotel (Not onion)' The Pakistani military is setting its sights on the Taliban's remote sanctuary after nearly two weeks of big bombings across the country, as hundreds flee the Afghan border region each day before what promises to be the army's riskiest offensive yet. Britain, the US, and Torture David Miliband is Still a Liar' UK CarterRuck in new move to stop Trafigura debate in parliament.' British court orders release of U.S. intelligence details on torture allegations' One in six of world's population is now going hungry At a time when there are more hungry people in the world than ever before, there is less food aid than we have seen in living memory.' Sri Lanka refugees, we have lived in forest for one month. Please, sir, please take us to a country. It's OK if it is not Australia... We can't live in Sri Lanka, said a nineyearold girl, Brinda, who is moored with more than 250 Tamil asylum seekers. Australia's PM is not impressed.' South Sudan has achieved a breakthrough in talks with the north over terms for a referendum. It would now only need a simply majority with twothirds voting, instead of the 75% in favor previously insisted upon by the north.' With friends like the US, Pakistan doesn't need enemies... Venezuela  After the firingnof 17 prosecutors, the attempted kidnapping of a judge's children, and thenfull bore effort of the state to fake a case against an innocent man, the court asks for Eligio Cedeo' immediate release.' UN rights council endorses damning Gaza report' Iraq After the mosque's imam began to speak, the attacker pulled out a gun and shot him, then set off a belt full of explosives as other worshipers tried to tackle him; 12 killed, 67 wounded US embassy found involved in importing weapons to Pakistan' In September 2009, Fallujah General Hospital had 170 new born babies, 24% of whom were dead within the first seven days, a staggering 75% of the dead babies were classified as deformed.' A study proving Jewish and Islamic methods of slaughtering animals are painful has led to renewed calls for a ban in Britain' Peasants Worldwide Rise up Against Monsanto, GMOs La Via Campesina is mobilizing globally along with allies in an overwhelming expression of outright rejection of Monsanto and GMOs, in the name of food sovereignty' As the secret AntiCounterfeiting (actually antipiracy) Trade Agreement rolls forward, it's clear that some kind of Internet enforcement will end up in the text; but what kind? Thirtyeight corporate lawyers and 4 public interest lawyers are the only ones with a say.' China sentences Guo Quan to 10 years in prison for  advocating multiparty democracy' Brazil  Rio gangs shoot down police chopper, set 3 buses on fire. 2 cops and 3 civilians dead' Why do they keep trying to hide shit like this? When they eventually have to give up, they just end up looking like even bigger douchebags for trying to cover it up in the first place.' Canada's military peers into future, and it's scary nIn the worstcase scenarios, oil prices quadruple, drones patrol the skies, global wars spill into cities Dead man slumped on balcony mistaken for Halloween decoration' Maldives government holds a cabinet meeting underwater, in scuba gear.  The president then continues with a press conference, still in water, highlighting the threat of global warming to the nation.' Ottawa police finds Bishop Lahey's laptop contains porn files, many showing young males involved in sexual acts Ever hear of the Maoists in India? Now the Indian Air Force will bomb tribal villages in an escalating civil war.' The Good Rabbi forced to resign over City protest.nThe rabbi of Britain's oldest synagogue has stood down after a row over his part in a demonstration against the role of banks in the financial crisis.nn Ayers Rock to Be Closed for Religious Reasons?' African churches accuse thousands of children as  'witches,' many tortured and killed Maldives holds worlds first underwater cabinet meeting' EU Lisbon Treaty to become law within weeks after Czech president concedes defeat' Zimbabwe's Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has said his MDC party has disengaged from the unity government over the treatment of his senior aide.' Leftist Latin American leaders have agreed on the creation of a regional currency to scale back on the use of the US dollar as well as economic sanctions against Honduran coup leaders.' Trafigura offers deal to 31,000 Africans over dumped waste to avoid lengthy, costly and highly embarrassing court action that was due to begin at the High Court in London in Oct 2009' Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero wants to introduce abortion on demand and allow 16yrolds to have an abortion without their parents' knowledge What prize do you get if you win a quiz in Somalia? ' Collection of news articles, when pieced together, suggest that Senegal tried to set up an IMF worker.' PAKISTAN Police illegally remove the courtordered protection of a torture victim' Children in Africa are being accused of witchcraft and are getting tortured and killed in Africa by Evangelical Christians.' BREAKING Several top commanders in Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard have been attacked and killed in the volatile southeast of the country, reports say. US intelligence reports 90% of the insurgents battling US and NATO troops in Afghanistan are not religiously motivated Taliban and Al Qaeda warriors, but a new generation of tribal fighters vying for control of territory, mineral wealth, and smuggling routes,' North Korea holds more than 150,000 political prisoners in six prison camps across the country, a South Korean MP says.' The government should be spying on Muslims even if they are not suspected of committing crimes  Is it OK to consider UK a racist country?' The chief of an endangered Amazon tribe will unveil today the product of an unusual partnership with Google Inc. that pairs high tech with indigenous knowledge in an effort to rescue ancient rain forests and a dying culture.' Iran blames west for deadly suicide bombing' The End of East West German Secret Service Opens GDR Files ' Suicide bomber attacks Sunni  Shiite reconciliation meeting in Iran, kills 31.  Seriously, we can't get a break, can we? The trembling hand of Thatcher points  Tories find something left that isnt nailed down' 70 years on  Nefertiti's bust will be back in the Neues Museum, finally reopened today after being destroyed in WW2 Leftist Latin American leaders agree on a new regional currency, the Sucre, to scale back the use of the US dollar' Twelve dead and police helicopter downed as Rio de Janeiro drug gangs go to war.' Iran accuses Pakistan over attack ' In India, plagiarism is on the rise' Europe does not need President Blair' In November 2008, New York Times reporter David Rohde was kidnapped in an attempt to interview a Taliban commander. He spent seven months being held by them in Pakistan with two colleagues, his driver Asad and an Afghan journalist, Tahir. This is the first in a fivepart series of his captivity.' Security staff at Manchester Airport have been banned from using new seethrough security scanners for children' China Russia Axis Iran Offers SCO Alternative To U.S. Control Of World Resources. Iran has offered to enhance its role as an energy provider and transit route for Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) member states.' Australias population growth continues to surge ahead despite the world economic slowdown and a reduction in skilled migration.' Cancer sufferers in Iraq have risen by almost tenfold in just 3 years. DU the likely culprit. In this part of Iraq 500 cases of cancer were diagnosed in 2004. This year, there have so far been more than 9,000 new cases ... and the number is rising.' Rio police die as helicopter hit' Big antiabortion rally in Spain More than a million people are said to have taken part in a march in Madrid to oppose government plans to liberalise Spain's abortion law. Alone at Sea Australian Teen Girl Starts Bid to Sail Around Worldn' Indonesia Endangered, Population Exploding' A Lithuanian dad shot dead a judge and a senior politician because they molested his threeyear old daughter. ' Bullied, attacked and raciallyabused more than 50 times in eight weeks. That was the experience of two British Muslim reporters posing undercover as a couple in Bristol over the summer.' The only two Westerners living on their own in  Kandahar have been bombed, ambushed, and  nearly sold to kidnappers. Here's what they've  learned about the country where war just won't end. In Norway, even murders and rapists have a shot at landing in open prison.' A British mining company is facing a multimillion pound claim for damages after group of protesters were detained and allegedly tortured at open copper plant mine. ' Karzai 'stripped of outright win'  could now face a second round against main rival Abdullah Abdullah. Charity fundraisers carry disabled man halfway up mountain in his wheelchair...then leave him there because they're too tired to carry him down again.' Six Senior Iranian Revolutionary Guard Commanders Killed in Suicide Bombing, Iran Blames US and Pakistan' For the past two years, Sudaneseborn cellphone magnate Mo Ibrahim has given out $5 million prizes to outstanding African presidents who had served their country with good sense. Today, Mr. Ibrahim announced that his team was unable to agree on a candidate for this year's prize. Fury after a Berlusconiowned TV channel secretly  filmed a judge who ruled against him in a bribery  case.' Brazil deploy thousands of extra troops on the streets of Rio de Janeiro after violent clashes with gang members where at least 12 died' Rights of Labor in the US   FDRs New Deal and the natural political evolution that grew out of that movement has done much to help working people but much of that natural evolution was later retarded by the rise of the conservative forces in the country... (follow the link to read on...)' Gordon Brown, Britian's Prime Minister, said his government would be taking extensive action to reform the whole culture of the financial sector via a windfall tax on profits. All UK banks will be affected. Hillary Clinton up to her old tricks again of making up past events at her visit to Northern Ireland' Maldives President holds (world's first) cabinet meeting under water to raise awareness to the threat global warming and rising sea levels has for his Island nation. You don't have to be mad to stay here but it helps Nasa hacker Gary McKinnon gets a stay of execution from extradition to US while UK government checks his mental health!   It isn't a big deal until you make it a big deal With coworkers like this....well, I guess that depends on your taste.' Faced with an Israeli blockade, the Palestinian zookeepers were unable to bring in real zebras. Their solution...' Home Office climbs down over keeping DNA records on innocent' Jordan King The IsraeliPalestinian conflict is the most serious threat to the stability of the region, if Israel doesn't believe in the twostate solution, the possibility of a future Palestinian state will disappear because of geographic reasons already the land is fragmented into cantons' Uk Govt has secret plans to tax electricity consumers to subsidise construction of UK's first new nuclear reactors for more than 20 years Zionists bury Palestinians alive In Gaza' Pakistan pushes into Taliban stronghold  n'Sixty militants' killed as troops backed by warplanes and artillery face fierce resistance in South Waziristan A lot of you won't know who this is, but for those that do the author Ludovic Kennedy has died.  Legalize it lobby grows. Mexico and other Latin American countries move toward drug decriminalization.' The Yes Men hold a fake Chamber of Commerce Press Conference saying they've changed their views on Global Warming and get caught out! Anglicans who are pissed off that their church has become more accepting of gay priests have decided to join a church that have been more accepting of pedophile priests.' Water on moon scientist accused by US of trying to spy for Israeln' An offduty US Air Force sergeant who filmed fuel seeping from a passenger jet wing has been credited with saving the lives of some 300 people.' Wow! Look at the new ship used by the Sea  Shepherd to disrupt the Japanese Whale fleet in  Antarctica.  ' The British National Party is bracing itself for potentially fresh embarrassment tomorrow when details of the party's rank and file UK membership are expected to be posted on the Internet. Israel wants to change the rules of war after UN report proves that Israel has committed war crimes. ' The Mo Ibrahim Prizean annual prize given for good governance in Africacould not find anyone to award this year.' The president of Kyrgyzstan calls for reform; the entire government resigns. Now that's what I call results. This graphic novel explains what happened in Honduras' Turkish journalists investigating an alleged conspiracy in the country's military are all ending up arrested Earth's precious metals are from space study Asylumseeker deported from UK 'They gave me $100 and told me to fend for myself in Baghdad' Striking Discovery in Germany Archaeologists Excavate 4,000YearOld Skeletons ' Two blasts rock Islamabad university, 7 dead  Pakistan' Fury at Berlusconi 'sexist' jibe This is a very short but striking Graphic Novel that tells the story of the Honduran Coup, what really happened and who did what. It's a lot better than the lies told by the corporate media.  Chinese ship hijacked in Indian Ocean' The popular opinion is that we are being sold to America piece by piece. Our national integrity is at risk. I am scared of the fact that I might see the end of Pakistan in my lifetime.' Right wing MP rubbishes human link to climate change in address to 'environment' group Suicide blasts hit Islamabad university' How our senior libel judge stamps on free speech  all over the world ' Gearing Up for PostLisbon Brussels In The Running To Be Europe's Next Top Politician  How Britain Became the Center of the World' Kuwaiti women will be able to obtain their own passport without the consent of their husbands' Tony Blair heckled in Hebron You are a terrorist' As the founder of Human Rights Watch, its active chairman for 20 years and now founding chairman emeritus, I must do something that I never anticipated I must publicly join the groups critics.' UN puts Iran deal on the table Exporting uranium has been seen as a way for Iran to get the fuel it needs, while giving guarantees to the West that it will not be used for nuclear weapons.' White South African farmers have gained access to 200,000 hectares of state land in the Congo Republic, as part of a deal designed to improve food production in the povertystricken central African state' Holy Shit Yemen could become first nation to run out of water... And it's likely due to the inhabitants' strong addiction to a drug. I did not anticipate that the IDF would have  targeted the economic infrastructure of Gaza  including its agricultural lands, industrial factories,  water supply and sanitation works. These are not  military targets. ' Diplomats from Iran, the U.S., Russia and France agreed Wednesday to a draft proposal that would see Iran ship about 75 percent of its enriched uranium to Russia by the end of this year.' Australian Government to allow hunting of native animals (kangaroos, cockatoos etc.) in National Parks in sleazy deal with Shooters Party.' Mentally ill Briton 'could be executed within days' Calls for nuclear weapons in South Korea' The women of Kuwait can now travel with their passport without their husbands permission' Father accused of abducting fugitive man convicted of killing his daughter' Karzai, dignitaries announce runoff  Two months after Afghanistans flawed presidential elections, the stalemate is over' The mother of an alleged schoolgirl honour killing victim wept today as she described finding her tied up the day before she was said to have been murdered. ' UK Govt's CO2 Climate Change Ad 'Bedtime Story' Prompts Viewer Complaints The latest target of Cuba's totalitarian government is Yoani Snchez, a 34yearold Cuban blogger. Last week, she became the first blogger to win a Maria Moors Cabot Prize given by Columbia University for journalism, but the Cuban government wouldn't let her out of the country to accept the award. These dramatic videos, released today by the Ontario Superior court, tell the tale of an alQaeda inspired cell of homegrown Canadian terrorists.' ExIDF chief's widow rejects naming East Jerusalem street after him,I don't think this is a street that belongs to us. I don't think we need to be there ...' Denmark Approves Russian Baltic Pipeline  Eastern Europe Fears Of It's Use As A Political Weapon People living in a shanty town in the Algerian capital have clashed with police for a second night in a row over housing conditions. Some young boys spend all the night outside taking drugs so that their brothers and sisters can sleep. We will not stop the riot.' Maoist brutality continues in Jharkhand' Iran ignored appeals by Hillary Rodham Clinton and even rock star Sting and sentenced an IranianAmerican academic to 12 years in prison for protesting' Shocking Report Livestock Emissions Grossly Underestimated recent analysis...finds that livestock and their byproducts actually account for at least 32.6 billion tons of carbon dioxide per year, or 51 percent of annual worldwide GHG emissions 51%!!' Poland signs up to new US shield  Polish Prime Minister has declared his country ready to take part in a revised US missile defence plan.' British Columbia cops stomp on guy's head, kick him in the ribs during arrest. Caught on video and posted to YouTube.  She loves you  yeah, yeah, yeah, the Taliban sang, with Kalashnikovs lying on the floor around them. (Also, they sleep beneath bedsheets emblazoned with Hannah Montana.)' Russia vs. The United States A visual comparison from mint.com.  (images)' They decapitate, torture, and extort. Then they pray, and donate to charity.'  Shanghai has been running on ultracapacitors for the past three years, and today that technology is coming to the Washington, DC, for a oneday demonstration. China! Now more advanced than America!' Coincidence?  Two British nuclear experts fall to their deaths from the same building in 4 months. ' Fifty to 70 percent of the worlds supply of lithium is contained in just one place  Bolivias Uyuni salt flats. What will the global battery boom mean for the future of South America's poorest country? President Hugo Chavez called on Venezuelans on Wednesday to stop singing in the shower and to wash in three minutes because the oilexporting nation is having problems supplying water and electricity.' Goldstone If they don't have a good faith internal investigation, this thing is not going to lie down and die ... it's going to continue. Over the years, the U.S. has unloaded massive amounts of aid to Pakistan, including $7.5 billion more earlier this month. But the money doesn't always wind up where it's supposed to. BBC is right to allow BNP on Question Time, says Mark Thompson' A small rural town in New Zealand has been forced to cancel one of the highlights on its social calendar  a rabbitthrowing contest' Sharia Banking Comes to Germany' Colombian drug lord once responsible for 60 percent of the cocaine exported from Colombia to the U.S. gets 45 years in U.S. prison' Husseini's socalled honor killings ...a horrific case of a 16yearold girl called Kifaya, who was killed because she was raped by her brother and the family blamed her for tarnishing their honour.' According to reporters without borders Israel ranks 150th in press freedom. Below Sudan, Congo, Iraq, Egypt etc.' Swine flu doctors 'unnervedy patients' decline 8 years on and Afghan smack is as prevalent as ever. So why are they blaming the Taliban?' CEO pay in India Vulgar and indecent' Yemen rebels 'fight Saudi forces'  UK's nuclear industry funds special police force that carries out covert intelligence operations against antinuclear protesters Olive Grove Wars The olive harvest brings violence between Palestinian farmers and Israeli settlers' Swine flu cases in England double in one week' Ghana's Foreign Ministry building has been largely destroyed in a fire police suspect was started deliberately  the third fire at the ministry this year. ExIDF chief's widow rejects naming East Jerusalem street after him, I don't think this is a street that belongs to us. I don't think we need to be there and therefore I objected' I have never seen this in 30 years, Calder said. I haven't heard Japanese talking back to American diplomats that often, especially not publicly. The Americans usually say, 'We have a deal,' and the Japanese respond, 'Ah soo desu ka,'  we have a deal  and it's over. This is new. ' UK Police officers armed with submachine guns are to be deployed on routine patrol of Britain's streets for the first time. Drought pushes 23 million Africans to brink of starvation. ' British National Party leader Nick Griffin has used his Question Time appearance to criticise Islam and defend a past head of the Ku Klux Klan. He also told a largely hostile audience that Winston Churchill would be a BNP supporter if he were alive, and at one stage referred to gay men as creepy.' Aid agency Oxfam is now saying that food aid is trapping Ethiopia in a cycle of dependence on the West and that donations could be better spent.' The UK's intelligence and law enforcement agencies fear the government's antiillegal filesharing plans will lead to a rise in encryption, scuppering their own efforts to monitor the internet Don't Shop at Chinese WalMart  Five WalMart workers beat middle aged woman to death on suspicion of shop lifting even as her family was kneeling at the scene begging them to stop. They only stopped when police arrived.' Russian circus bear kills manager. Animal cruelty bear was on ice skates, trained to play hockey  you can not make this up.' Nigeria aims to crack down on 419 scams, fails to comprehend the concept of futility' Senior EU official Israel out of the loop on Iran talks. You do not understand the extent to which you are not in the picture. You do not know how much you do not know and what is happening in Iran.' Israel asks Germany for two warships free of cost' We all live in a cocaine submarine $200 million of cocaine found in a makeshift submarine' Bomb hits outside suspected Pakistani nuclearweapons site' Still think it was a good idea to try to keep Nick Griffin off the air? He absolutely went down in flames tonight. If he wasn't Nazi scum, you'd feel sorry for him. Water to cost more  Population growth and dwindling underground water reserves, along with climate change, mean that Bahrain must find solutions to meet the rising demand for water.' Star Fades for Blair in EU Role The odds against former British Prime Minister Tony Blair becoming the first president of the European Union appear to have lengthened.' France warns on Iran nuclear deal  France says Iran does not seem to be responding positively to a proposed UN deal on its nuclear plans, as a deadline looms.' Where is the revulsion at David Cameron becoming partners with men who cheer those who fought for Hitler and against Churchill? ' A top Indonesian official says Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's plan to pay Indonesia to intercept asylum seekers will top $50 million. Explosion hits Gulf facility in Puerto Rico' Israeli military strike more likely after Iran misses nuclear deadline' Fake Viagra, and more, in Bangkok  Pharmopiracy sweeps Thailand, and the rest of Southeast Asia. It's a deadly problem. Four minutes of devastation, thirty seconds of brilliance The simplest thing I don't even think about at a hospital is killing people elsewhere  The Devestating Toll of Syringe ReUse [TED Talk VIDEO] USbacked uranium plan rejected by Iran' Philippine government asks for typhoon relief goods then lets them rot.' You should know 1/4 of China's territory has been cut off from Internet and rest of the world for 15 weeks now. Constant Surveillance Rankles Britons spying on people who fail to recycle, people who put their trash out too early, people who sell fireworks without licenses, people whose dogs bark too loudly and people who illegally operate taxicabs.' Hundreds of people threw shoes, shouted Terrorist! and burned him in effigy as George Bush spoke in Montreal' Man trying to flag down a cab is beaten then run over for touching a passing SUV' Europe's New Tactic with Asylum Seekers Send Them Home Rapists, hunger and hyenas stalk displaced Somali women' [ UK ] Former Government adviser Labour threw open Britain's borders to mass immigration to help socially engineer a truly multicultural country' The UK is in the longest recession since records began.' poll done for BBC Newsnight on Thursday 22nd October showed that twice as many people sympathise with postal workers rather than the Royal Mail management in the postal dispute' The Geopolitics Behind the Phoney U.S. War in Afghanistan' With the economy tanking, wars to fight, unemployment up, and a multitude of other very pressing things to deal with, the government decides to take on cyclists ' All that really remains for the Lisbon Treaty to become the law of Europe is the signature of one man, Czech President Vclav Klaus' The Palestinian president signed a decree on Friday calling for presidential and parliamentary elections on Jan. 24, a move likely to deepen the rift with the rival militant Hamas movement that rules the Gaza Strip. (AP)' [Video] Iranian students chant death to you (marg bar to) and my deceased brother, I will get your vote back! to former minister in Ahmadinejad's administration. Apparently a shoe was thrown as well.' A female journalist in Saudi Arabia has been sentenced to 60 lashes over a TV show in which a Saudi man described his extramarital sex life.  ' Female Saudi journalist to get 60 lashes  Program on Lebanese cable TV dealt with man's frank sex talk Purple blooms in Harare mask the rot in Mugabe's capital. Zimbabwe has burgeoned from 5 million to 12 million in a generation. Every nook and cranny is now occupied as rural folk drift to towns to seek, if not their fortunes, then jobs and subsistence. When you call on a journalist for professional medical opinions and info, he'll mistake H1N1 (Swine Flu) vaccines for smallpox vaccines Iran misses a deadline for responding to an offer for others to enrich its uranium' John DeTitta   My mind pulls me right all the time that's we I am spinning in circles AFP Top Iran officials question nuclear deal' Friendship U.S. warns Japan of serious consequences if it reneges on military package' Immigration to drive huge rise in Wales population' Thousands of Muslims have been traveling to Russia  hoping to see verses from the Qur'an appear on the  skin of a miracle baby.' This is what real refugee camps look like  even if their Muslim inhabitants aren't Arab enough to evoke the sympathy of coreligionists elsewhere. Three undercover officers accused of inciting protesters to attack riot police at the 2007 North American leaders summit in Montebello are being summoned to testify before Quebec's independent police ethics committee. (Help get the word out Reddit, this is huge) The enefit' of Somalia's pirates  Massive factory trawlers scared away, so poor local fishermen are able to catch up to $350 worth of fish per day. Birth Control Bill Has Enemies in Philippines  Religious figures say a bill that would expand the poors access to birth control is contrary to Catholic teaching.' UK Police are gathering the personal details of thousands of activists who attend political meetings and protests, and storing their data on a network of nationwide intelligence databases.' The secret to a happy marriage for men is choosing a wife who is smarter and at least five years younger than you, say UK experts. Amen to that.' U.S. unlikely to remain dominant superpower in this century unless it starts acting like an adult. ' 11 members of Iran's Revolutionary Guard have been arrested after illegally entering Pakistan. West Bank land belongs to Jews, says Israeli army judge.  It's in the bible, you know... The new British census will demand to know who you are sleeping with and their name, sex, age and address. ' Glimmer of hope for autistic hacker who broke into Pentagon military networks to look for information on UFOs. Gary McKinnon, who lives in the UK, faces possible lengthy jail term in the US, but new medical evidence could stop him being extradited to America' Who'd want to be a government critic in Russia? Popular human rights activist who led protests against Russian security forces is slaughtered while driving his car Saudi Arabia's king has pardoned a woman journalist sentenced to 60 lashes for her role in a television program in which a Saudi man spoke about his sexual exploits. Let Palestinians have nukes  Moamer Gaddafi' Marijuana Economics' Sometimes the police do get justice' Copenhagen to subsidize the destruction of the rainforest (palm plantations count as forest) ' Goldstone Gaza Report Col. Richard Kemp Testifies at U.N. Emergency Session' Bosnia on brink of new civil war ' Former leftwing guerrilla, Jose Mujica, has taken a commanding lead in several exit polls from Uruguay's presidential election Israel's blockade of goods entering the Gaza strip means that more than 170 schools damaged by the bombings in the first weeks of 2009 may not be repaired before winter, exposing Palestinian students to the cold and dark. The Kremlin's chief political strategist has warned that Russia risks collapsing into chaos if officials tinker with the political system by flirting with liberal reforms. Palestinians Behind Bars with No Recourse to Justice' Sixteen Americans dead as 3 helicopters crash in Afghan raids' Radovan Karadzic boycotts opening of war crimes trial  needs more time to prepare defence' German on trial for Muslim murder.  How much coverage will this get compared to the original outrage?' Germany's New Government to U.S. Take Away Your Nukes! Two car bomb attacks just killed over 130 people in Iraq. (' Exxon executive overseeing $15 billion gas project, stomped by a mob of 50 people in Papua New Guinea in dispute over landowner contracts' The Ethiopian government has asked the international community for emergency food aid for 6.2 million people.' America's largest solar plant set to go live in Florida Twin car bombings near Baghdad government offices kill 136, injure nearly 600' Australia faces famine, expert warns' But they use them to investigate reports of noise pollution & people who do not clean up their dogs waste. Local governments use them to catch people who fail to recycle, people who put their trash out too early, people who sell fireworks without licenses, people whose dogs bark too loudly' Iran arrests 12 accused of promoting satanism through underground music and production of blasphemous video clips' Afghan police open fire after protesters burn effigy of Barack Obama' It's 20 years since the fall of the Berlin Wall and Karl Marx, grandfather of communism, is being rehabilitated. Looking back on the unravelling of the Soviet system and the unlikely staying power of a onceridiculed worldview British pilot drowned after saving the lives of nine passengers by ditching his plane into the sea when one of his engines failed' A food production expert says Australia may face a massive famine if governments fail to address an impending global food shortage.' Obama's Afghan war policy hinges on debate over which enemy to fight  Taliban or alQaida Another US backed dictator in the  Middle East is about to get reelected  today, ballots results are already  known to everyone, %96 said yes for  him' Saudi female TV journalist gets 60 lashes' Inspectors see Iran uranium facility' A World War II codebreaker has told how she was so afraid of giving away secrets by talking in her sleep that she was worried about going to bed.' The Nasa people of Northern Cauca in South Western Colombia, have become a symbol of resistance and an example of dignity.' Afghans torch Obama effigy over 'Koran abuse' claims Rumor sparks antiAmerican protests  A Koranburning incident in Afghanistan prompts demonstrations in Kabul' Gunmen kill Ingushetia opposition leader' Sydney's first Breakfast on the Bridge (with Grass, cows and live bands) has been hailed a success Finally, a major paper has bothered to deconstruct the mythical numbers that are bandied about to justify the UK governments idiotic conflation of sex work with sex trafficking.' Italy pulls out' The Church of Scientology was almost shut down today in France. Instead they were fined $900,000 and jailed 6 of their leaders. Found guilty of fraud.' US diplomat resigns over Afghan war Like the Soviets, we continue to secure and bolster a failing state, while encouraging an ideology and system of government unknown and unwanted by its people' A French soldier's opinion of his American counterparts. Scandinavian social democracies (and the Swiss) at the top of prosperity index that focuses on economic growth, health and freedom' Denying Palestinians the running water they need, Israelis are also contaminating with dead chickens and soiled baby diapers the rainwater cisterns of Palestinians who have no running water.' Israel is denying Palestinians adequate access to clean water while allowing almost unlimited supplies to Israeli settlers.' Police in Britain have defined political activism as domestic extremism and are treating people who attend demonstrations as criminals, cataloguing them on multiple national databases as well as tracking their vehicle license plates to enable them to be targeted for stop and search harassment.' Karadzic heard discussing mass slaughter Muslims in phonetap evidence it will be a black cauldron where 300,000 Muslims will die. They will disappear. That people will disappear from the face of the earth' An American father wants his children back  Japan says no' Scientology convicted of fraud in France | News.com.au' Report Israel denies Palestinians water' War weary Europeans test leaders' resolve  Public support for the Afghan war dwindles in several countries contributing troops Castro's sister 'spied for CIA' EU lawyers draw up list of IDF officers suspected of Gaza war crimes. Existing legislation enables arrest warrants to be issued against these officers if they enter certain EU countries. ' Iran 'to accept UN nuclear deal'  Ships collide off southern Japan ' A Paris court on Tuesday convicted the Church of Scientology of fraud and fined it more than half a million euros  but stopped short of banning the group as requested by prosecutors.' EU removes Uzbekistan arms embargo despite continuing concerns about human rights.' Ehud Olmert could face war crimes arrest if he  visits UK' AlQaida's umbrella group in Iraq claimed responsibility for the twin suicide bombings in the heart of Baghdad that killed at least 155 people, including 24 children trapped in a bus leaving a day care center. UK govt wants paedophile checks even for those not working with children. Already 11.3 million  including parents who take pupils to sports events  face backgrounds checked to allow them to work with children' One reason that too many Arabs are poor is rotten education... Discuss...' The Democratic Republic of Congo is grappling with rampant rape, which has become an every day practice and is used as a weapon of war' If you need any more proof about the dumbing down of the UK university system you need look no further.' Fraud Plagues Sugar Subsidy System in Europe' Just one more reason that Metallica sucks frontman James Hetfield told German TV that part of him was proud the US military chose the bands music to torture prisoners at Guantanamo Bay... It represents something that they dont likemaybe freedom, aggression I dont know Freedom of speech.' Dirty bastard Sarkozy spent 250,000 of EU budget on shower he did not use' Even before I became a feminist in 1967, I had already learned that the (imperfect) West is still a far better place for a woman to live than is the most hospitable, beautiful, wealthencrusted Muslim country' UK  People who persistently download illegal  content will be cut off from the net.' Vigilante justice spreads across Mexico  More Mexicans turn to the lynch mob as crime spirals out of control' I am suspect A on the Spotter Card printed by the Guardian, and I am, in the eyes of the police force, a domestic extremist.' Brother of Afghan leader, who is supposedly apart of the illegal opium trade in Afghanistan, has been on the CIA payroll for 8 years, says officials. What the fuck?' a group of musicians, including REM, Pearl Jam and The Roots filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to find out whether their music was played at the detention facility at Guantnamo Bay.  ' 80 people killed by a large car bomb in Pakistan while Clinton arrives to discuss US concerns about the increasing numbers of attacks and the security of the country's nuclear weapons DC Lobbyist Indicted for Conspiring to Violate Sudanese Sanctions and to Act as Illegal Agent of Sudan' EU taxpayers funded a custombuilt 276,000 euros (250,000) shower for French President Nicolas Sarzoky, auditors say  but he never used it.' Cops sell confiscated drugs. And this is news?' 6 UN employees killed in a Taliban attack in Kabul' Hezbollah violates UN ceasefire, fires Katyusha rocket into Kiryat Shmona.' Houses demolished in east Jerusalem' Iraq approaches IAEA for approval to revive peaceful Nuclear programme that was bombed by Israel in 1981' Making this ruthless liar EU president is a crazy plan. But I'll be backing Blair Berlusconi says communist prosecutors and judges out to destroy him' Ahmed Wali Karzai, the brother of the Afghan president, on Wednesday denied reports that he has received regular payments from the CIA for much of the past eight years.' The arrogance of Berlusconi knows no bound  Italian women are taking a stand against this buffoon they call Prime Minister' The dirty little secret of modern economics is that the models created by central banks and governments to manage the economy say almost nothing about finance.' Hamas vows to prevent Palestinian elections in Gaza' TALIBAN gunmen have stormed a UN hostel in central Kabul, killing at least three UN staffers in an assault that the Islamists warned marked a bloody countdown to new Afghan elections.' Erdogan Use of Weapons of Mass Destruction by Israel in Gaza is a Fact, We Cannot Remain Silent about Targeting Civilians with White Phosphorus' There is something about the Piccard family' The British Government's chief drug adviser has sparked controversy by claiming ecstasy, LSD and cannabis are less dangerous than cigarettes and alcohol.  If you are a UK citizen, please consider signing this petition to abolish the proposed law that will disconnect alleged illegal filesharers without trial.' The man who used a digital camera to record the death of Robert Dziekanski at the Vancouver airport says he feels guilty he didn't try to help the Polish immigrant even though others honoured his actions Tuesday with a citizenjournalism award. More than 500 UK officers smashed their way into thousands of safetydeposit boxes When I got my box back, 9,000 cash and some smaller items of jewellery were missing  a gold baby's bracelet and a gold ring' Remembering Afghanistans Golden Age For 30 Years, Afghanistan Enjoyed Liberal Reforms, Universal Education, And Participatory Governance. What Went Wrong?' Mafiafree products The Italian Libera Terra label guarantees that wine, olive oil and pasta are free from Mafia influence' DETROIT Leader of radical Islam group killed in FBI raid' U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Thursday it was hard to believe that no one in Pakistan, who receives billions from the US to fight terrorism, knew where al Qaeda leaders were hiding' NYT Ahmed Wali Karzai, brother of the Afghan president and a suspected player in the countrys booming illegal opium trade, gets regular payments from the CIA.' The two men at the center of Scotland's largest known child abuse network have been jailed for life. Insider trading and suicide in Canada a buddy story' Canada gives Rwandan war criminal Desire Munyaneza life in prison for his role in the 1994 genocides.' Equivocation in talks to welcome it into the European Union may send Turkey back into the arms of the Middle East.' Collateral damage is big business Leading banks have funded cluster bombmakers to the tune of $5 billion in the past two years despite an international accord to ban the weapons.' UN torture representative barred from entering Zimbabwe' More than 60 members of the Iraqi security forces arrested in connection with the double suicide bombing in Baghdad ' The Troubles of Koreas Influential Economic Pundit' More than life. Many journalists are killed each year around the world only because they tell the truth ' Second gas leak in Timor Sea' Somali man, aged 112, weds girl, 17. Man already has 18 children by five wives, says he would like to have more with his new wife.' In the jungle with the Colombian army  A reporter embeds with the army and observes why winning the war remains difficult' Japan 'Comfort womenill gets new life Kenya to launch homosexual census, controversial because homosexuality is illegal in the country.' Two coyotes have attacked and killed a 19yearold folk singer in a national park in eastern Canada' 'Mystery ship' returns to Malta  fast response by Russians raises questions about its true cargo Unidentified viral outbreak in Western Ukraine. State of Emergency Declared.' The universality of war propaganda A soldier with the Russian army in Afghanistan recounts what they believed about their mission ' Nigeria's space agency is no joke. It has launched satellites and aims to put Africans into space Mafia killing in Italy caught on camera' American Fascism Some of the other evidence the feds seized that shows he promotes riots? Steampunk magazine, for one. Buffy the Vampire Slayer DVDs. Anarchist politicaltheory books. A needlepoint depiction of Lenin that belonged to Madisons wifes grandmother.' Only a matter of time UK drugs adviser sacked for comments' An example to follow? Ecuador to override drug patents in order to provide affordable medications' Matthew Hoh Explains Why He Resigned From His Position we are involved in a 35yearold civil war...we are not the lead character in that war, that it's an internal conflict. One of the most cogent strategic evaluations of the situation from a US official I've heard (Text and video)' Removal of David Nutt risks discouraging experts from giving opinion' Artificial hymens available to the Middle East are causing an uproar in Egypt.' U.S. Navy ship accidentally fires on Polish port ' Remember the woman who died during a radio station's 'hold the wee' contest to win a Nintendo Wii? Well, the family won $16 million in damages. More people seek asylum due to sexual orientation  I had no choice. Where I'm from, heterosexual  men practice hate crimes against us like a sport,  and the police do nothing to stop it.' Swiss Banking Is Finished Switzerland's decision to start playing ball with other governments on issues like tax evasion and the arrest of Roman Polanski has destroyed the country's reputational capital, which formed the core of its banking system. Mafia hit caught on tape...Naples' Israel endorses Iran nuclear plan' Global jump in swine flu deaths ' Paraguayan landowner calls for the creation of armed groups to liquidate communists' Russia should build a new nuclearpowered spaceship for prospective manned missions to Mars and other planets, the nation's space chief said Thursday. Dhondup Wangchen spent five months interviewing ordinary Tibetans about their hopes and frustrations living under Chinese rule. The resulting documentary was smuggled out and shown at film festivals and on the internet. He now faces charges of state subversion.' A Palestinian student has been handcuffed, blindfolded and forcibly expelled to the Gaza Strip by Israeli troops just two months before she was due to graduate from university' Honduras' ousted president, government sign pact This signifies my return to power in the coming days said Zelaya' National rightwing newspaper to close in Canada Canwest says National Post could close after Friday' Honduras rivals 'close to deal'  While many in the Western world work towards ending prohibition the Canadians Conservative government is building more prisons to deal with the new mandatory minimum sentencing laws. Prison budget $88.5million in 200607 to $195.1million this year. Projected $211.6million in fiscal year 201011.' Following his comments regarding Ectasy, LSD, and Cannabis, the British Government chief drug adviser Professor David Nutt has been sacked  for telling the truth.' Sacked drugs adviser accuses Gordon Brown of meddling in cannabis decision' UK Drug adviser, Professor David Nutt, sacked for comments' Obama Lifts a Ban on Entry Into U.S. by H.I.V.Positive People' We Were Warned About the Mysterious Ukrainian Virus 2 Months ago by Joseph Moshe. He Was Promptly Arrested as a Terrorist!' Under international law, it is illegal for an occupying  power to change the demographic situation of the  territory they have occupied' The bright side of economic ruin McDonald's will leave your country Patients in UK who wait too long for treatment that they need from the NHS will get free private care' The Honduran crisis ended last night with an agreement by both parties to allow Congress to vote on whether and how Zelaya returns to power. ' Dozens of children  sent from Afghanistan by their parents in the hope of finding a better life in Britain  are sleeping rough on the streets of Calais following the demolition of the town's last remaining asylum camp Island of St Helena faces economic collapse unless Britain builds them an airport soon' Abdullah Abdullah 'may quit Afghan poll'  too many corrupt officials remain in charge. Karzai's win could be even more embarrassing for Western partners. Uganda has the highest unmet need for contraception in east Africa, but lacks the resources to address the problem' Remember the Indian girl who had killed the Pakistani terrorist who entered her house? Her houseeen attacked again. Pakistan road blast kills seven' Mexican columnist seeks protection after death threats' Canada, Greenland to set up polar bear commission' Kohl, Gorbachev and Bush Sr. mark anniversary of fallen Berlin Wall' Can we all please pitch in and hire a professional cartographer for India and China? It's like when my brother and I had to clean our halves of the room, but could never agree on where to draw the line  except that there was no chance people would die as a result of our bickering.' Putin in new Ukraine gas warning' Camorra boss seized in farm raid ' Chile's congress sits empty  Chile's lawmakers don't want to work on Thursday. In fact, as of midNovember, they won't work at all. Kimi Raikkonen, the worlds second highest paid athlete is dropped by the Ferrari Formula One team.' Indira Gandhi  amazing leader, flawed democrat (why not read this and learn something new today?)' The new McCarthyism' Pneumonic plague (not H1N1) has claimed 1,500 lives in Ukraine? Do we have any Redditors from that region that can tell us more?' Cern's LHC is back on. (Wow, respect is due considering the damage caused. I didn't realise how bad it was.) The report that got David Nutt fired.' US Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Saturday night rejected Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas's demand that Israel freeze all settlement activity as a precondition to negotiations.  Silvio Berlusconi says he will stay on as Italy's PM even if convicted of bribery, tax fraud and false accounting Government adviser fired for saying alcohol is more dangerous than drugs' Blogger Humiliates 11 Town Counselors into Mass Resignation in UK' Once government and editors and television management have decided on the story, you can be sure that an Israeli wall will become a security barrier or a fence, a proWestern Arab dictator a strongman and occupied Israeli territory will become disputed' Mexican farmworker activist, 14 others slain ' Jewish terrorist arrested over 2 murders and other attacks  14 years after Rabin murder' EU plans to force all cars to have aircraftstyle black box recorders to help the police and insurance firms identify who is responsible for any crash. They are already standard on 2/3 of US cars. ' Australia oil well catches fire.Engineers have been struggling for more than 10 weeks to stop the leak' A Walk to Beautiful a stunning documentary about a problem you (probably) never knew existed.' Fan dressed as sheep set alightn' Growing Qat in Yemen More than half of this countrys scarce water is used to feed an addiction.' Scott Ritter ...assumptions made in the McChrystal report are so far removed from reality as to be ludicrous' Web addresses to go multilingual' The UK's Prevent program faces serious criticism from Muslims and civil liberties groups. Italy arrests Naples mafia boss in chicken farm raid' Karzai Rival Withdrawing From Runoff But Not Calling For Boycott' Iran claims it has evidence on U.S. involvement in terrorist attack' Corrupt politicians will put an end to our republic but they do not have to cannibalize us, follow the Roman Empire or not it is up to them!' Abdullah pulls out of Afghan election' Once a mighty tree falls, it is only natural that the earth around it shakes...' Some of the 78 Sri Lankan asylum seekers onboard Australian Customs ship the Oceanic Viking have threatened to kill themselves rather than go to Indonesia.' You are no longer innocent till you're proven guilty. Police Minister responds It's fantastic, isn't it?' Turkey PM to Israel If you don't want Iran to have nukes, give yours up. Ten stories that appear in the papers again and again, but never seem to actually happen' Adnan Hussain, aged 14, lost all of his immediate family in the market place explosion in Peshawar earlier this week' Two Colleagues Quit in Protest of Nutt's Sacking 'Puzzlers' reassemble shredded Stasi files, bit by bit  putting them back together could take hundreds of years. A computerized system would help, but it's costly A woman has pleaded guilty to two counts of possessing documents likely to be useful for a terrorist purpose.' British driver sentenced to 21 months for texting before fatal crash, but texting occurred well before the accident, and the victim had been texting too.' Karzai Wins a 2nd Term in Afghanistan. Oh, Crap.' Canadian general and defense chief calls NATO a corpse, says its Afghan mission is abyssmal with no strategy or leadership.' Israeli police have arrested a Jewish settler whom they say has confessed to a string of highprofile hate attacks.' Afghan comedy over ? Karzai called a winner (2nd round scrapped)' I thought she was 15. She didn't tell me she was 11' What it feels like to grow up with prostitutes (SFW)' South Africans fighting along side Israeli Army during the Gaza War.' No new faces in Afghanistan, just the same old warlords and drug traffickers' Water rationing for Venezuela's capital city Karzai's opponent drops out of the race, believing it wouldn't be free or fair.  Election in Afghanistan cancelled Computer Programmer lives in house with decomposing body' South Sudan awaits oil bonanza' Since we've all been talking about H1N1 lately Gitmo detainee's set to receive H1N1 vaccine ahead of most US citizens. Thailand's expremier is on the run, and he wants the internet to know about it WSJ picks up on story from Spain's El Pais newspaper, and asks Asst Sec of State Shannon whether it's true he's actively lobbying the Honduran congress for Zelaya's return. He denies it  as it happens the claim in El Pais' story is much, much worse.  Obama backs Karzai, despite vote rigging.' LEDs Light Up Auckland War Memorial Museum'