 Israel kills Hamas leader and his wife, children and anyone else  in the neighbourhood by dropping a onetonne bomb on his house' Kept afloat by billions of dollars of American money, the government of Afghanistan is shot through with corruption and graft.' Obama Moves to Counter China in Space With PentagonNASA Link ' Media Banned From Gaza as Humanitarian Crisis Escalates' The Gaza Strip, where  some have to eat grass just to stay alive, is sandwiched between an apartheid state and a  brutal dictatorship, both funded and sustained by the  United States taxpayer' Arab governments question Hamas' actions Israel is now bombing the refugees it created in 1948, having never paid reparations' Trusting shopkeeper leaves his store open unattended on Boxing Day  nothing gets stolen, customers place money in 'honesty box' Home intruder interrupted by Thor' Israel, a nation that was born out of Zionist terrorism, is using terrorism again. ' Israel believes its has won broad international support in the media for its actions in Gaza thanks to its PR strategy to stifle pictures of victims and to dominate the press. ' Car found in dead uncle's garage expected to fetch millions Australia says considering Guantanamo prison intake ' All boys and men in Uganda will be mobilised for free circumcision beginning next year' For Afghans, a Price for Everything, and Anything for a Price. Tale of Overwhelming Corruption' Cuba marks 50 years of revolution' 100 cars set on fire, sportshall burned down, police attacked with bottles and fireworks. Headline FAIL New Year festivities 'largely peaceful' World protests over Gaza raids [video]  (Go Annie Lennox!) ' Russia cuts off gas deliveries to Ukraine' IAF steps up Gaza Strip air strikes | Israel | Jerusalem Post' Michael Shaw Reading The Pictures &lt;em&gt; Is That A Snuff Film The Israeli Air Force Has Posted On YouTube?&lt;/em&gt;' India, US and Pakistan  Tale of a choatic democracy, a super power and a rogue nation' Gaza facing 'critical emergency'  Israel destroys Hamas homes, flattens Gaza mosque' China Undercutting Price Of Military Hardware To Capture Markets In Africa From Russia / Chinas Tanks Aircraft Challenge Russian Sales In Africa' Australia refuses Bush administration request to house Guantanamo detainees' Propaganda war trusting what we see?' CNN US weapons 'killing innocent civilians' in Gaza Let us not forget that it was Israel, which in fact created Hamas Historian at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem' Northern Ireland man discovers 'secret of invisibility' Lynndie England Life after Abu Ghrai Zimbabwean lawyer Law has broken down  CNN.com' Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi of Iran is threatened at her home ' Beijing moves to stifle reform calls, called the most significant of its kind for at least a decade and possibly since the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. ' Israels Goal  Ending Hamas Rule, Rocket Fire, or Both ' Memo to Israel Dropping Leaflets and Sending Text Messages Won't Abosolve You of War Crimes Gang rapes lesbian' The Cost of Governing Afghanistan' Israel expels UN rights envoy Richard Falk  Dec 17 08' Who Gets U.S. Foreign Aid' Hamas PM Ismail Haniyeh at war with Israel  and his own rivals' Police have dispersed crowds of demonstrators who gathered near the Israeli embassy in London, following a day of protests across the UK.' Sri Lanka bombs Tigers in north after fall of HQ' Israel bombs market in Gaza (warning graphic)' 'We Believe This was a Legitimate Target'  IDF Kills 8 Civilians, 4 Under the Age of 18 Queen goes green as her 10million Bentleys are converted to run on biofuel' Living in fear in Gaza City!' Israeli Troops Launch Attack on Gaza' Shut down alJazeera  The situation on the ground is directly affected by the nature of alJazeera reports. [Ynet Opinion Piece]' Why is Israel so brutal in a nutshell  from The Independent' Just A Reminder Early in 2008, Vanity Fair Uncovered The Plot Paid For By The US State Department For Fatah To Create A Civil War In Gaza With Hamas' Hamas executes 35 Fatah members in Gaza, shoots 75 in legs, breaks others' hands Israel and the ignored UN Resolutions  Israel is in violation of 35 UN Resolutions.  Here is a list.' Iran Threatens to Break Israel's Gaza Blockade!! Depleted uranium found in Gaza victims Norwegian Medics' UN Stop Israeli 'monstrosity' in Gaza  The United States has so far vetoed over 40 antiIsrael resolutions at the UN.' Israel Attacks America  (1967)' Israeli forces bisect Gaza, surround biggest city  Yahoo! News'  Cuba offers direct talks with US ' The French government insists a new generation of leftist extremists will soon launch a wave of sabotage and bombings. (And if the left wont do it, covert ops will.)' US blocks UN statement calling for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and southern Israel' 'She's Home From Jail, But Lynddie England Can't Escape Abu Ghrai U.S. blocks a UN Security Council resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in the Gaza strip' Gaza footage that was blocked in the US' New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is heading to Israel to show support for massacre of Palestinians' Passport photograph of girl's bare shoulders rejected 'as it may offend' Hamas ready for bitter urban battle ' China rattled by Sun King attack' More home PCs expected to be hacked into by the police' Indonesia rocked by 7.6 magnitude quake' Hamas Profile, I wish people read it before saying they support it' Whatever happened to avian flu?' Future historians will note that American society peaked in the late 1960s' What a joke After 400+ deaths, 2000+ wounded, Gaza in ruins, US tells Israel to be mindful of the potential consequences to civilians!' Israel Newspaper Haaretz Calls for Diplomacy and Humanitarian CeaseFire' Surprise surprise!  The United States late Saturday blocked approval of a U.N. Security Council statement calling for an immediate ceasefire in the Gaza Strip ...' Maps of what used to be Palistine ' Amway's thinks that the heat's off and they can revitalize their brand. As a sibling of someone who was victimized by this company, I say over my dead body. Raul Castro lifts ban on Cubans building their own homes' Excellent Haaretz (Israeli) oped slams Israeli government for its inhumanity' PROBLEM Oil prices too low for oil producing countries to make a profit. SOLUTION OPEC reduces production, FAILED. SOLUTION Mideast violence to cause stability concerns in oil producing countries.' Rights groups calls for Saudi Arabia to create a written system of criminal law instead of arbitrarily prosecuting people' I keep hearing When Israel is being targeted, Israel is going to retaliate and fair enough. But I never hear When Gaza is being targeted, Gaza is going to retaliate.' The brave and valiant Israeli military kills another dangerous terrorist' Gaza The death and life of my father' A senior Israeli military official...said it is highly unlikely Israel will succeed in stopping the rocket fire entirely.' If the army knows there are civilians in the area it is about to bomb then no matter what it is a breach of international humanitarian law to bomb that area' War Crime du Jour Israel Deploys White Phosphorus Shells' ..the house had been hit three times, one right after the other. Some of my family was hurt in the first strike and while others tried to help them, the house was hit again and others were injured.' Haniyeh Hamas willing to accept Palestinian state with 1967 borders  Haaretz  Israel News' Orwell, blinding tribalism, selective Terrorism, and Israel/Gaza  Glenn Greenwald' Video Civilian casualties escalate in Gaza' A History of Ethnic Cleansing' 1 in 10 young people feel life's not worth living. Indias 3G auction looks scuttled as government eyes a doubling of reserve price' Iran claims 70,000 have volunteered to be suicide bombers against Israel' leaked Gaza bombings apparently showing the recent bombing of a Gaza market was 4 YEARS OLD! and not perpetrated by Israel. ' Suicide bomber strikes in Pakistan killing 7 and wounding 25.' In addition to an overwhelming influx of the wounded, Gaza's hospitals are facing a new problem They are rapidly running out of fuel for the generators they depend on for power. Waterford Wedgwood PLC, the maker of classic china and crystal since 1759 has collapsed. While much of production was offshore the crystal plant was one of Ireland's top tourist attractions. Palestine Girl stands up to Israel Soldier ' Israeli Strike Kills 40 at U.N. run School in Gaza ' Norwegian doctor in Gaza This is an allout war against Civilians' Between 600,000 and 700,000 Gazans have no water, some of them going on a week. About one million have no electricity, raw sewage is running in the streets in some places.' Ron Paul No one mentions the tragedy in Gaza.  I view it (Gaza) as a concentration camp.' UK police have been given the power to hack into PCs without a court warrant' Strike on Gaza school 'kills 40' GAZA PIC's. WARNING VERY GRAPHIC!!!!!!!!! We are wading in death, blood, and amputees. Many children. A pregnant woman. I have never experienced anything so terrible.  Mads Gilbert, Norwegian doctor in Gaza' Several European countries say they have suffered major disruption to their Russian gas supplies after Moscow cut deliveries to Ukraine' Israel using new deadly weapons in Gaza Dense Inert Metal Explosives. Appeal of Mads Gilbert, Norwegian doctor in Gaza to Israeli doctors' Venezuela expels Israeli ambassador' Mads Gilbert, a Norwegian doctor in Gaza, tells CBS News that the number of civilians injured and killed in Gaza proves that Israel is deliberately attacking the population [Vid]' Israeli forces hit UN school... on purpose.' Where does U.S. oil come from? (cool interactive map)' Whenever I read a story like this I think of my little boys and become enraged with the state of affairs in Gaza' 'As I ran I saw three of my children. All dead' IDF routinely attacks medical crews trying to evacuate civilian casualties' U.N. Official Says Gaza School Hit by Israelis was Clearly Marked' Working on this issue for six Secretaries of State, I cant recall one meeting where we had a discussion with an Israeli PM about the damage that settlement activity does to the peacemaking process.' The Raw Story | Norwegian doctor Israel intentionally targeting civilians' Madoff apparently still hasn't got the message that its not 'his' money Norway's sovereign wealth fund to stop investing in Israel? The brutal collective punishment inflicted on Gaza will likely strengthen Hamas and reverse any hopes of a Middle East peace in the coming years. ' Reporter reports on father killed by an Israeli air strike in Gaza' Anyone know if this is true?' British Gov't wants private firms to build $12b super database for tracking every citizen's Internet usage, phone call,  text message, and other transactions Israeli Tank fire kills dozens at UN School. Tank fire. School.' Bush Aides Historians will judge Bush. Redditors and the rest of the world The Hague War Crimes Tribunal will judge Bush' Russia has cut off all Europe's gas supplies, says Ukraine Israel, not the Palestinians, has opposed international UN monitors in the conflict since Oslo' Venezuela expels Israel envoy over Gaza attacks' This is what happens on the streets of Israel if your not a jew. They obviously love Americans.' Israeli soldiers entered their building and told them to evacuate to another building. They evacuted and moved to another place for shelter.  Israel bombs their shelter.' Almost a third of the 689 Palestinians killed in Israel's Gaza offensive are children ... Meanwhile, Israel's Foreign Minister Livni says that there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza' UN No Hamas Fighters in Bombed Gaza School' Red Crescent ambulanceman killed and two others wounded as ambulances come under Israeli fire in Gaza  International Red Cross ' Jewish Women Occupy Israeli Consulate in Toronto' Digg vs. Reddit prespective on Israel Gaza conflict' Obama's comments on Gaza not being reported in the US media? We cannot promote a fuel anymore which is used as a weapon by some countries and certain corporations against consumers.' Gazprom Halts Gas Supply to Europe Via Ukraine Pipes' As temperatures fall to below freezing, Russia cuts off gas supply to Europe' Middle East observers felt a sense of dja vu as Israeli tank shells slammed into a United Nations school near Gaza City' Financial Fraud in Satyam Computers Brings its Shares as low as Rupees 30.70/share' While we merrily sip their water, a third of Fijians have no clean water at all' At least someone has balls. I hope it is the start.' Temperatures in Germany fell as low as minus 25 degrees Celsius on Monday night and the weather is expected to remain Arctic for several days.' Time to stfu and listen Infowars predicted financial meltdown long before you could scream tinfoil hat' Sarkozy says Israel and the Palestinian Authority have accepted a truce plan for Gaza announced by Egypt on Tuesday.' You are being lied to about pirates' Rockets hit Israel from Lebanon' I arrived in Israel 40 years ago. It took me many years to understand that the very existence of my country, as it is today, is based on an ongoing ethnic cleansing of Palestinians.' Red Cross finds four small children in Gaza, huddling next to their dead mothers, too weak to stand up ... Israel has failed to meet its obligation under international humanitarian law' UN Israel kills driver on aid mission to Gaza' Israel kills driver of UN truck on aid mission to Gaza' These photos, taken in Gaza in 2006, show the impact of the DIME bombs the Israelis are allegedly using there (warning extremely graphic)' The Bush Administration's Most Despicable Act TED Hans Rosling Debunking thirdworld myths with the best stats you've ever seen Gaza is fullblown humanitarian crisis' The Red Cross has accused Israel of failing to fulfil its obligation to help wounded civilians in Gaza' Canada extradites another American war resister. This one's a mother of three who has a sixweek old child. Stay classy Canada! Sri Lankan newspaper editor meticulously collected the facts, which was why so many politicians feared him. He was shot dead today by unidentified gunmen.' UN Israel knew they were bombing a school [vid]' Extremists on each side sustain the other, and the excessive Israeli ground assault in Gaza is likely to create more terrorists in the long run' U.N. suspends all relief work in Gaza; says Israeli soldiers fired on a marked U.N. vehicle DURING the ceasefire.' Red Cross finds starving children with 12 corpses in Gaza 'house of horrors'  Kucinich stands against the use of US arms against innocents in Gaza' The IDF has been dropping leaflets in Gaza with a phone number to call to report on terrorists. Here's one of the calls (with translation).' South Korea tested whores so they were diseasefree for U.S. soldiers' Bush Eighteen months ago, Hamas took over the Gaza Strip in a coup And people suggest there isn't a ridiculous Israeli bias amongst US polticians?' While the world watches Gaza, Israelis are shooting protestors in the West Bank' China Losing Taste for Debt From U.S. ' Rockets fired from Lebanon into Israel and Israel fires back' More than a thousand Afghans signed up to go and fight Israel in the Gaza, many of them blaming the US which has some 30,000 troops in Afghanistan, for supporting the Jewish state.' Vatican Gaza is a giant concentration camp' Israel shelled Gaza house crowded with civilians witnesses' Red Cross Israel breaking international law, letting children starve in Gaza' Israeli army ordered 70 persons of extended family to gather in one building. The next morning the same army bombed the building, Killing and injuring dozens.' Israel Faces Mounting Outcry on Gaza War  NYTimes.com' Israel bombs a shelter, kills 30 civilians' Israel accused of delaying medical access to injured' Israel to continue offensive despite UN resolution ' The Army's Newest Recruitment Technique is aimed directly at gamers.  Atheist Bus Campaign is 'offensive', say 50 complainants The IDF is investigating just another way Israel says 'fuck you' to humanity' Few speak up for Palestinians in U.S. Congress' Early Globes 'winner' was a mistake  Israel keeps tight leash on media' Relief workers found starving children next to corpses in a neighbourhood of Gaza City which Israel had denied them access to for days' And why the problem in the Middle East will never get solved US congress votes to back Israel 390 to 5' Gaza Palestinian journalist, his wife and motherinlaw killed by Israeli artillery' Israel shelled Gaza Palestinians after evacuating them, UN says' Israel deliberately shells a UN convoy carrying aid into Gaza after giving them permission to go through...Israel, the ultimate terrorist nation' Emergency workers said they rescued 100 more trapped survivors Thursday and found 40  50 corpses in a devastated residential block south of Gaza that the IDF had kept offlimits to the RC for 4 days' Israeli attacks are rallying Palestinians to Hamas' The penalty for underfeeding thousands for years to make a $200K profit? One day in jail and a pledge to do better.   ' Large portion of Washington State underwater, buried by avalanches, or washed away by mudslides.   Thousands told to evacuate.' I Am Opposed to Violence by Jewish Fundamentalists OR by Islamic Fundamentalists OR by Christian Fundamentalists OR Hindu Fundamentalists' Hamas has failed  it is time they stepped down  The National Newspaper (Abu Dhabi)' Enough. It's time for a boycott Norway Leads 40 000 people gathered in Oslo for Gaza Thursday, 8th January 2009. Thursday ALL trains in the whole of Norway, and all trams and subways in Oslo, will stand still for two minutes.' Eco Activist Buys Drilling Rights for 22,000 Acres  Refuses to Drill' Israel Is Committing War Crimes  Hamas's violations are no justification for Israel's actions. (from WSJ) Despite Israeli denial, newly found photographic evidence proves that Israel has used controversial white phosphorus shells on Gazans. ' U.S. seeks ship to move arms to Israel' Thousands of demonstrators in Barcelona, Spain call for an immediate ceasefire in the conflict in Gaza' Israeli Spokesman is Silenced by Alex Thompson of UK's Channel 4 regarding the IDF and the Red Cross New Orleans cops shoot man 12 times  in the back' LET GAZA LIVE!  D. C. Protest Saturday, January 10  Assemble at the White House (north side) at 100 PM' U.S. says arms shipment to Israel not linked to Gaza. US also says that Elvis is still alive.' Israel Is Committing War Crimes ' 'I Would Join a Terror Organization' Current Israeli Defense Minister explained in 1998 what he would have done if born Palestinian. Former [Israeli] pilot Israel committing war crimes in Gaza' Real Journalism  The way questions should be asked  Dennis Kucinich vs. Eliot Engel' Hugo Chavez Expells Israeli Ambassador to Venezuela' Iraq Veterans Against the War  Why we're against the war Jimmy Carter  An Unnecessary War (in reference to the Gaza crisis)' Nowhere to run More than 260 children killed in Gaza' Five of the Somali pirates who released a hijacked oilladen Saudi supertanker drowned with their share of a reported $3 million ransom after their small boat capsized' Many may think that the current economic fiascoes are the results of bungling politicians and bureaucrats. FDR once said, In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet... ' India shows the way! sends CEO, COO and CFO of Satyam who scammed a billion dollars to the slammer!' US In Massive Rare Arms Supply to Israel Days Before Obama Inauguration' There have been no rockets fired from the West Bank for several years. The result? A record number of new settlments built.' Pandas are actually bears, not cats. Chinese Panda Attacks Third Idiot' Hamas Prime Minister, September 2008 We are willing to accept Palestinian state with 1967 borders. Our conflict is not with the Jews, our problem is with the occupation. ' An Israeli is more likely to be struck by lightening than killed by a Hamas rocket' President Bush has rejected several Israeli requests to attack Iran ' Washington Post  COVER BLOWN Iran Buying Bomb Parts from U.S. through Fronts' 250,000 people gather in Madrid to protest the Israeli aggression towards Gaza (in Spanish)' Leading British Jews call on Israel to halt 'horror' of Gaza AIPAC Goes Ballistic Says It Is Outraged & Blasts Bush for Supporting Ceasefire' University Professors Israels bombardment of Gaza is not selfdefense  its a war crime' Thousands of demonstrators have marched through London to call for an immediate ceasefire in the conflict in Gaza.' Israel tells Gazans to brace for war escalation (i.e. we haven't killed enough yet; expect a whole lot more before we're satisfied). More Than 1/3 of Overall Palestinian Deaths and Injuries Are Children' Channel 4  Gazan 5 month baby ran over by a 70 ton Israeli tank' FREE GAZA TO ISRAEL ''WE ARE COMING IN ON TUESDAY'' U.S. Thwarted Israeli Plan to Bomb Iranian Nuclear Facility  rejected Israeli request to provide deeppenetration bombs & rebuffed plan to fly through U.S.controlled Iraqi airspace' Reuters Cameras Hit May 2008 Cameraman recieves direct hit from Israeli Tank.' Media barred from Gaza' Depleted uranium found in Gaza victims' Balance your worldview  33 Newspaper links for world news ' The Facts about Hamas and the War on Gaza by Norman Finkelstein' Who will save Israel from Itself?' why Palestinians are launching rockets...' Scotland on course to being the third most statedependent country in world. Only Cuba and Iraq spend more taxpayers' money on public service... FlashbackThe Israeli poison gas attacks' Despite the horrific injuries, children in Gaza defy the massacres with a smile ?! ... [Graphic]' Israeli troops 'shot at from Syria'. Israeli lady watching attacks on Gaza I think they should just take the city off the ground (...) yeah I'm a little bit fascist' Israel has blocked cell phone signals from leaving Gaza!!' Only terrorists use human shields' Rabbi Yisrael Rosen, director of the Tsomet Institute in the West Bank All of the Palestinians must be killed; men, women, infants, and even their beasts.' Who's in charge in DC? Israeli PM Olmert I said get me President Bush on the phone,  told him the United States could not vote in favour, He immediately called Rice, and ...' Israeli Newspaper  05/30/07 Chief Rabbi says absolutely no moral prohibition against the indiscriminate killing of civilians during a potential massive military offensive on Gaza' Beating off a great white shark while it has your leg in its jaws. Incredible!' When Jews and Palestinians were sitting on the beaches side by side it hurt the business of the surrounding yishuvim.  Palestinians barred from Dead Sea beaches to 'appease Israeli settlers'' So that's where the 100 billion went! A freedom of information campaign by journalists across Europe has paid off in spectacular fashion. European Union to ban plasma televisions ' Over 70 Prominent British Jews Sign Letter Condemning Israel's Actions In Gaza Rice was going to vote for ceasefire in Gaza but Olmert called Bush and forced him to tell her to stop' Continuity We Can Believe In Obama Sorry. No gitmo closure within the first 100 days; there will be no clean break from Bush policies; Cheney gives pretty good advice ...' Kucinichm Moore, Paul, Rahall,Water only representatives who voted NO on Resolution 34  Israels right to defend' Red Cross spokesman in Gaza medical personnel recover charred bodies of three Palestinian children, including a toddler  the toddler's body had been eaten by wild dogs from the street.' Israeli Newspaper  Oct 5, 2008 IDF plans to use disproportionate force in next war  (they got that right)' Israeli deputy defence minister promised a holocaust in Gaza' Israel's War an Gaza galvanizes suport for Hamas in West Bank.   Honest question How is this war not making the situation worse for everyone? Bin Laden's exdriver a free man  Jews protest against Israel and Zionism.' The commanders said kill as many people as possible ... Gaza was considered a playground for sharpshooters.  Rafi, member of elite Israeli military unit, 2005' American Children Attacked in Israel' Rights Group Israel Used Incendiary Bombs. Human Rights Watch Says Chemical White Phosphorus Used In Gaza Strip Military Campaign' Israeli border guard's views on Palestinians Travelling to the US? Think you can just sign that green visa waiver form on the plane? Not any more.' The video the Israeli Army didn't want you to see  Momentum growing for Israeli war crimes investigation' Israeli Sightseers Flock to Border to Watch Gaza Killings  They come with binoculars. They bring their families and take pictures. They rationalize away the deaths of hundreds of children ...' Kucinich 50 Percent of the Population of Gaza Under 14 Years of Age!' Palestinians call to Greek people Block the shipment of US arms to Israel through Greek ports' Let me say it loud and clear. I do not believe in Israel's right to exist. It is a militarised, evil entity founded on a racist premise and a lot of religious hokum  Craig Murray, Former UK diplomat Construction workers in Poland found a WW2era mass grave containing what are believed to be the bodies of 1,800 German men, women and children who disappeared during the Soviet march to Berlin' Israel's claim to be a bastion of democracy in the Middle East is now in jeopardy with its crackdown on its Arab citizens I never knew Sky News was so biased. George Galloway making the news caster earn her wage!' Israeli President said, Yes, that's true, there are many palestinain children and very few Israeli children casualtieies, but that is because we take care of our children.' I hope my murder will be seen not as a defeat of freedom but an inspiration' Red Cross Israel's use of white phosphorus not illegal Israeli soldiers reportedly shot woman waving white flag' Any Palestinians on reddit?  Come on in and give us your own view on the Gaza conflict.' The USSR built power plants, dams and factories in Afghanistan. The US can barely keep the lights on or water running there. Who were the bad guys again?' Israeli tanks rolled into Gaza City from two directions early Tuesday after UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon called on both sides in the conflict to just stop' The BBC, which we call the Bush and Blair Corporation... British MP George Galloway on the Palestinian Situation. Amazing.' Unusually Large U.S. Weapons Shipment to Israel Are the US and Israel Planning a Broader Middle East War?' Who thinks Israel is helping America head towards another 9/11?' New Face Recognition Technology Should Worry British Citizens. ' Poland Workers find WWII mass grave of Germans' Israel losing PR war' Rabbi against Zionism.' The Times Online No room for more graves in Gaza cemeteries' German Protestors Compare Gaza to the Holocaust.' Greece hinders US arms delivery to Israel' Canada We're the only one of 47 nations on UN rights panel to refuse to condemn military offensive in Gaza Israeli newspaper Palestinian doctor killed by IDF while treating Gaza wounded.' Bodies are piled up like logs in Zimbabwe's cholera crisis' We the undersigned are all of Jewish origin The time for appeasing Israel is long past' Former Israeli Foreign Minister Appears On UK TV, Says Israeli Intelligence 'Inventing Facts'. ProIsrael Rally For Attacking Gaza, NYC, 11109  Wipe them all out!  including prominent politicians supporting the rally.' ProIsrael Rally Attended by BigTime NY Dems Descends into Calls for 'Wiping Out' Palestinians  Canada's Liberal leader Israel has been attacked from Gaza, not just last year, but for almost 10 years. They evacuated from Gaza so there is no occupation in Gaza.' Israeli Troops Ordered to Shoot Rather Than Ask Questions' Bolivia breaks ties with Israel' Sri Lankan death squads kill editor and ransack TV station' Experts say that claims the internet and social networking services pose a threat to children are overblown' Nine Jewish Israeli human rights groups called for an investigation into whether the IDF had committed war crimes in Gaza.' If you want to understand the mindset of Israel watch this ... its called the break the bones strategy from the first intifada ... kinda graphic.' Israel may face UN court ruling on legality of Gaza conflict' Crisis Worsens for Civilians in Gaza' UN finds 217 sex abuse claims against blue helmets' Egyptian Government Daily Hamas, Syria, Iran  The New Axis of Evil' Israeli navy refuses to let an Iranian aid ship dock in Gaza.' More than 1,000 killed in Gaza  When will this end?' Stunning photos capture Israeli bombs falling on Gaza (series of photos)' China to Pass Germany as Worlds Top Exporter in 08' Czech EU art stokes controversy displays France as country on strike, Bulgaria as toilet, Romania as Dracula theme park ...' What's All The Fighting For, And Where? [Infographic] UN headquarters in Gaza hit by Israeli 'white phosphorus' shells The Darfur situation is bad, but the situation in Congo is chilling 5.4 million dead' 250,000 Spaniards denounce Israel's bloodshed Israel Threatens to Shoot Unarmed Civilians aboard Mercy Ship  Tons of humanitarian aid stopped.' Israel's No. 1 Paper Don't pity the Palestinians ... Just as a crying baby who only elicits pity will continue to cry, the citizens of Gaza will continue to cry out to the world' Over 300 children slaughtered by Israel  worse than Beslan' NSAs Wiretapping of Americans being Outsourced to Israeli Companies [vid]' Israel hits UN refugee agency in Gaza' Israel shelled the UN headquarters in Gaza, burning the compound and a warehouse containing thousands of pounds of food and humanitarian supplies intended for Palestinian refugees.' Human rights groups accuse Israelis of war crimes' 44% of Americans blame Hamas; 14% blame Israel; 57% think Hamas has used excessive force; whereas 44% think Israel has used appropriate force' CNN Confirms Israel Use Of White Phosphorus' BBC reports that Israel Defense Forces 'shot at fleeing Gazans' 315 children have died in Gaza in the last 19 days.' Child Porn Laws Used Against Kids Who Photograph Themselves' Before the Olympics, China designated three legal protest zones and required wouldbe protestors to apply for permission. Ji Sizun did, and has now been sentenced to 3 years.' Jew attacks three anarchists holding a Stop the slaughter in Gaza transparent during the Righteous among the Nations ceremony in Poznan.' Indian government to poverty stricken citizens If you won't stop being poor, we can at least make you homeless' Three Israeli tank shells have smashed into a United Nations compound in Gaza City, wounding three UN workers' Israel Massacare in Gaza; Children suffer in Israel's war on Gaza The Truth About the 2009 Gaza Massacre' Israeli ground forces shell hospital and UN relief building in Gaza' Among the sites hit yesterday was Sheikh Radwan cemetery. Thirty graves were destroyed, spreading rotting flesh over a wide area. The army said it was targeting a nearby weapons cache.' UN Israelis hit our headquarters in Gaza with white phosphorus shells' The United Nations tries to outlaw criticism of Islam' Vatican reveals list of worst sins. Desecrating the eucharist outranks genocide. That says it all.' BBC's Paxman vs. Israeli spokesman  You were told this was a UN facility' Israel in Gaza increasingly seen as Rogue State by EU, Red Cross, Lancet. As of Thursday morning, the Israelis have now killed 1038 and wounded 4850 Palestinians. '  Israel's free ride ends  As Israel pulverises Gaza, questions about Israeli policy becoming more prominent in American media More government corruption  'Arrogant' MPs pass new law (in 24 hours) to keep details of expenses secret  Israel reaking law' with Gaza war   Israeli 'phosphorous shells' incinerate 1,000s of tons of UN food as Gaza starves President of Israel Shimon Peres The goal of the Gaza operation was to provide a strong blow to the **people** of Gaza.' Did you know?  Israeli Government used to love Hamas because it weakened the Secular Palestinians.' Turkey's Prime Minister has called for Israel to be barred from the UN as long as it ignores international calls to stop war on Gaza. Killed by Israel, Eaten by Dogs The emergency doctor could not believe himself seeing the remains of what was days back Shahd, a fullfleshed 4yearold Palestinian girl.' Israeli parlament disqualifies two Arab parties from running in elections.' A politician with balls tells the truth about Gaza The West has double standards when it comes to Israel' Jeremy Paxman Grills Israeli Ambassador To The UK' Gazans including 5 month baby ran over by Israelis driving a 70 ton tanks' UN says IDF shelled three hospitals yesterday, one of them twice' Rights group Israeli fire indiscriminate' When Israel expelled Palestinians' Eightysix percent of those killed in Gaza were civilians' They're wiping out entire families' NY Times fears the assault on Gaza has passed the point of diminishing returns!  [Gee, no surprise that the comments are running 7 to 1 against the Times and against Israel]' UK's Trident nuclear missiles are 20bn waste of money, say generals Congolese villagers are forming selfdefence groups to protect homes and families from Ugandan Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels An open letter from 20 British Muslims leaders' Inquiries Support Olmerts Version of RiceShaming Incident | News From Antiwar.com' Israeli farmers beginning to feel the sting of worldwide boycott.' Iraq / Shoes he was very happy when he heard that all the Iraqis support him. He even cried when he heard that there were demonstrations on his behalf even in the United States' The Dutch have Started Boycotting Israeli Products!' Video extraordinary scenes at Israeli newscast as a Palestinian doctor, a Hebrewspeaking physician who spoke regularly on Israeli television, said three of his children were killed in a tank strike ' Israeli Chief Rabbi If they don't stop after we kill 100, then we must kill 1,000. If they don't stop after 1,000 then we must kill 10,000, 100,000, even a million.' My grandmother was ill in bed when the Nazis came to her home and shot her dead in her bed. She did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza' Gaza  What it looks like to have white phosphorus raining down on you.  [PIC]' The Israelis are bombing and attacking all around the hospital. We can't get out. There's fire, and we're trapped inside. The water has been cut off Dr. Izz elDeen Aboul Aish, who gave frequent interviews to the Israeli media, was minutes away from giving another when he called anchorman Shlomi Eldar, hysterical with grief.' Israelis targeting of journalists results in calls of boycott  by the foreign press.' Israeli Anchorwoman blamed for empathizing with people in Gaza' In Iowa, a 32yearold man may spend 20 years in prison for possession of Japanese manga and will face penalties under the PROTECT Act (18 U.S.C. Section 1466A). ' Once again Israel shells *ANOTHER* UN school in Gaza ' Journalists call Israeli foreign minister Livni 'terrorist' during Washington, D.C. press conference on Gaza attack UK Jewish MP Israel acting like Nazis in Gaza' Israeli military action in Gaza is comparable to that of German soldiers during the Holocaust, a Jewish UK lawmaker whose family suffered at the hands of the Nazis has claimed'   t  US journalists call Livni a 'terrorist' The Palestinians say 'This is a war of extermination' An Israeli airstrike has killed a woman and child sheltering in a UNrun school in northern Gaza' Israel attacks U.N. school, kills six' UN Gaza Conflict Will Have LongLasting Psychological Impact on Children' Israeli television broadcast desperate cries for help from a Hebrew speaking Palestinian doctor on Friday after his children were killed in an Israeli attack ' Germany IS About To Have Its Worst Recession Since WWII' Jewish British MP Gerald Kaufman compares Israel to the Nazis & accuses them of exploiting Holocaust ' Palestinian Astrophysicist in US Recounts How His 11YearOld Son Died When Israeli Warplanes Bombed His Familys House' Abe Foxman calls Bill Moyers an 'antiSemite' for criticizing the Israeli attack on Gaza.   Bill Moyers then owns him. BREAKING NEWS Israel declares ceasefire in Gaza '  'Tungsten bombs' leave Israel's victims with mystery wounds. As it declares a unilateral ceasefire, Jerusalem faces a UN call for a war crimes investigation Mrs Mugabe assaults our photographer outside her luxury Hong Kong hotel' The only road left is to boycott Israeli goods and institutions a  group of 540 Israelis say in an appeal. Birmingham (England), Athens (Greece), and Cambridge (MA) are on board.' Israels attack on an entrapped population A 21st century war crime?' Israel violates its fake ceasefire ' For a whole hour, the father hushed his cries of pain as he watched the Israeli soldiers compete in sniping on his dead son's body.' Sleeping with Strangers  The art of couchsurfing' Kyrgystan will order the closure of a US military airbase used to support operations in Afghanistan in a matter of days under pressure from Russia' Victorious, but vilified Israel has 'destroyed its image and its soul'. Israel's Ceasefire One dead by Israeli fire  Medical crews report the most horrifying scenes, and that most dead bodies being uncovered have been found in pieces  at least 1,246 dead' Doctors operating the only brainscanning machine at an Egyptian hospital near Gaza have been almost overwhelmed by the number of Palestinian children arriving with bullet wounds to the head. ' Red Cross says Gaza humanitarian situation 'shocking' British Jews attacked for proGaza solidarity'   t  Report Russia plans navy bases in Libya, Syria,Yemen' Tzipi Livni Meets The American Press Club, When Reporters Interrupt Her Use Of The Press Club As A Platform To Spout Israeli Propaganda With Actual Questions, THEY CUT THE REPORTER'S MICS OFF Israel expects army officers to be prosecuted for war crimes  ' Gaza rockets hit Israel.  Israel says it accomplished it's objectives.   What were Israel's objective? Hertz withdraws from Israeli airline deal Free car rental offered to customers who show 'solidarity' with Gaza action. US journalists call Livni a 'terrorist' Kuwaiti MP says Venezuela's Chavez more Arab than some Arabs.' China confirms toddler infected with bird flu' Gaza's Baffling Burnt Organs, Torn Tissues India says hundreds feared dead asThai Navy is accused of towing boatloads of refugees out  to sea and leaving them to their fate' Saudi Arabia to donate $1 billion to rebuild Gaza' Amnesty Said A FactFinding Team Found Indisputable Evidence Of The Widespread Use Of White Phosphorus In Crowded Residential Areas Of Gaza City And Elsewhere In The Territory.' Australian jailed for three years for 'insulting' the Thai monarchy in a novel which has sold seven copies. In NPR interview, exCIA operative Bob Baer declares that Of course BinLaden is dead.  Starts at 3418. [audio]' Eight identical letters to the editor, cheering Israel's side.  Four different authors. One place of employment.  Robert Fisk So, I asked the UN secretary general, isn't it time for a war crimes tribunal for Israel? Olmert boasts about ordering Bush, Rice to vote against U.N. 1860' A consumer guide to Israeli products in the US. Use this site to identify Israeli products likely to be available in retail stores in your market area.' Israel forms 'army of bloggers' to combat antiZionist Websites and represent Israel in antiZionist blogs in English, French, Spanish and German' Norman Finkelstein Photos from Holocaust Juxtaposed with Photos from Gaza' Norwegian doctor Some Palestinian casualties in the Gaza Strip were wounded by a new type of weapon that even doctors with previous experience in war zones do not recognize ' Boycott Israel! Irish find creative way to rebrand Starbucks' Amazing genetic map of Europe; genes correspond extremely well to geographic location' If Americans Knew What Every American Needs to Know about Israel/Palestine' Israel Admits No Hamas Rockets Were Fired During Ceasefire  [vid]' How Palestine Became Israel' British Prime Minister Gordon Brown Israel killed too many civilians  How many's too many, Brownie? Twenty? Twentytwo? Just so Israel knows, you know, for next time. ' A humanrights lawyer in prominent Chechnya cases shot dead in Moscow' Who Will Save the Palestinians? ( Excellent article by Mark Levine )' Israeli AF Pilot I would rate the success of our missions very highly in terms of the results and effects of the strikes. [Gaza] isn't a war; in terms of air power, it's not even an operation ' How American News Media Works in Favor of Israel ( 2 of 3 )' White phosphorus The patient came back smoking' By now, any Palestinian knows that it doesn't matter what you do, Israel will try to kill you [Gaza] UK MP Sir Gerald Kaufman, son of holocaust survivors Israel acting like Nazis in Gaza [vid]' Black Death 'kills alQaeda operatives in Algeria' Graffiti by Israeli soldiers in Gaza  Arabs need 2 die, Die you all, Make war not peace, 1 is down, 999,999 to go, and scrawled on an image of a gravestone the words Arabs 19482009.' [PIC] who wants to wipe off the face of the earth whom' Amnesty International accuses Israel of war crimes in Gaza' Vigilante groups in Mexico vow to end the life of a criminal every 24 hours. ' Just when you think it couldn't get worse.... Traces of depleted uranium have been found in Palestinian victims. Obama's Chief of Staff is a former Israeli soldier and son of a member of a militant Zionist group.  No softening of the US ProIsrael line in the new administration, then? BBC Gaza 'looks like an earthquake zone.'  Over 50K now homeless, 40K without running water. Pro Israeli group CPT disseminating defamatory and unsubstantiated accusations about Boston Muslim community members, who are raising money for humanitarian aid to Gaza.' China says will expand its military reach around the Globe' 2 Myanmar fisherman, sunk in Thai fishing boat, found floating in fridge off AUS after 25 days at sea' Most senior burns sugeon in Gaza says 6070 patients in his unit have died of burns unlike anything he's seen before.  Plus, video of apparent white phosphorus in Gaza. Reports reveal devastation wreaked by Israeli military in Gaza' Gaza Strip Damage Assessments from Satellite Images' Israel seeks to control reconstruction of wartorn Gaza ' Do not be confused by the ceasefire, the siege of Gaza continues' Philippines Peasant leaders, environmental campaigners and student activists are being murdered by mysterious death squads who appear to have close links to the army.' Uganda's rebel Lord's Resistance Army has reportedly torched a church crowded with worshippers holding a prayer vigil in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Full scale civil war is underway in Mexico' Israel PM Olmert brags about ordering Bush around' Israle massacre in Gaza; 27 of same family die in Israeli house demolition' More Evidence Israel Was Founded By Ruthless Racists  The Israeli Government Deliberately Exposed Sephardic Children To Massive Doses Of Radiation' Jail for man who raped daughters' An Israeli woman sends an open video letter to Obama' America's first gay president reflects on end of 8 year term. Holocaust Back then vs. Now' Top Israeli officers warned against traveling in Europe because of the danger they might be arrested for war crimes. ' Father 'I watched an Israeli soldier shoot dead my two little girls' Riots in Iceland this very moment, live translations' International arrest warrants published for alleged Israeli war criminals' Amnesty International accuses Israel of war crimes in Gaza' If Israel ignores the U.N. laws on weapons use, then should the world ignore the U.N. laws that created Israel?' Israel admits troops may have used phosphorus shells in Gaza' Should the US Pull the Plug on Israel?' UN torture investigator calls on Obama to charge Bush for Guantanamo abuses' Collective Punishment (A War Crime) Continues Israel Denies Medical Teams, Food Supplies Entry to Gaza' Israeli High Court Overturns Ban on Arab Parties' Exposed Aftermath in Gaza Massacre  Aljazeera' Chomsky on Gaza' Israeli Bombs Meant to Send Gaza Back Decades' Bush gets booed as he hears Hail to the Chief one last time for him!  Priceless!' Israel used Gaza as a testing ground for a new, extremely nasty type of explosive ' Blind and burnt Mahmoud, 14, young victim of banned white phosphorus shelling' Starbucks smashed and looted as antiIsrael protests turn to violence  Telegraph' They used these weird bombs that put up smoke like a mushroom cloud...pieces of the bombs exploded into large fires that continued to burn on the skin even after people dumped water on the burns' Company Constructing Israel Light Rail Loses Swedish Contract This is clearly another sign of the importance for commercial actors not to have their brand associated to unethical behaviour' ... no serious injuries or significant property damage ... Not a single arrest ... USA! USA!' Israeli soldiers abduct four Palestinians near Nablus' Terror cell might have wiped itself out with black death' Sweden to allow gay marriage in May' Overseas, Expectations Build for Torture Prosecutions' Huh? The NYTimes publishes an OpEd by Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi.  Strangely, it actually makes sense  The OneState Solution' Outcry Erupts Over Reports That Israel Used Phosphorus Arms on Gazans' Israeli court overturns ban on Arab political parties. Bigots struggle with outcome' Naomi Klein responds to criticism of her call for a boycott of Israel' Two young girls shot dead; a third  4 years old  shot and suffered critical spinal injuries, may never walk again. One by one, slowly. This is the Israeli army in action.' Heartwarming video of 7/7 survivor speaking on the erosion of UK civil liberties' Zionism is not merely a political movement, but in its essence represents a deeply disturbed view of the world, which is a reflection of a terrible disease of the mind.' Israeli soldier shot dead my two little daughters after ordering them to leave their home' Phosphorus shells hit Gaza UN school' I certainly believe that the Jews deserve their own state. But my feelings are about a hundred times stronger that Native Americans deserve THEIR own state, too.' Olbermann BushedBush and Rumsfeld investigated by UN for torture' Greece Relatively conservative local residents of Larissa form human shield, preventing riot police charge on demonstrators.' Death penalty over Chinese milk scandal!!' Greenwald schools Atlantic writer and Glenn (Instapundit) Reynolds on the basics about Guantanamo legal issues' Children Buried Alive in the Amazon' Obama orders Guantanamo closure' Chinese Don't Fuck Around Death Sentences in Chinese Milk Case Teargas released at Austurvollur  first time since 1949 that teargas is released in Iceland' Britain will go bankrupt  learn Chinese and move to China, says investment guru' Israelis donate food, clothes to Gazans' 21 MustKnow Facts about Iraq + Map' Congress Stops Second Bailout  Where was Congress in the last 8 Years.' We were not expecting such a quick call from President Obama, but we knew how serious he is about the Palestinian problem,' 9/11 Families Outraged by Obama Call to Suspend Guantanamo War Crimes Trials  FOXNEWS up to no good  ' British squatters new home  30million Park Lane mansions !' No bailout  Russians get cheaper vodka instead. Government to cut alcohol taxes in half to help ease the citizens pain.' the other holocaust Where's the gypsies' country? BBC refuses airtime to Gaza aid appeal' Fidel Castro I don't expect to last beyond Barack Obama's first term President Obama 'orders Pakistan drone attacks' Unbelieveable.  Israeli PM Olmert says he wept after hearing a Palestinian father call for help after his children were killed in the Gaza offensive.' New York, once the financial capital of the world, is no longer even the financial capital of the U.S. That honor [now] falls on Washington D.C. Nouriel Roubini' Colorado's highest paid police officer Didn't I tell you guys that sometimes the police lie? Didn't I tell you guys that? If I didn't, there you go.' British broadcasters refuse to air Gaza charity appeal' Suspected U.S. Missile Strikes Kill at Least 20 in Pakistan' Israel's new natural gas bonanza  a massive estimated 3 trillion cubic feet. But no so fast. Lebanon is staking its claim, saying that the natural gas reserve also belongs to them Rumors U.S. to Nationalize Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp' Israel withdraws from Gaza as evidence of war crimes emerges' If You Seek Amy...FUCK Me  Britney Spears' clever attempt to piss people off is working UN shocked by destruction of Gaza' Palestinian Rival Says It Is Under Attack by Hamas' Gaza  Map of Bombing Intensity & Casualties, Dec. 27 12 Jan, 2009 [PIC+PDF]' Icelandic PM steps down  elections in May' UK is now in recession for the first time since 1991.' Iceland to hold early election after prime minister quits' Marking the Jewish Holocaust while a Palestinian Holocaust is taking place is not right' Kuwait orders nuclear emergency pills' The story of Maria Aman Court denies residency to Palestinian Child paralyzed in Israeli attack that killed three members of her family' Congo, Rwanda Forces Arrest Congo Rebel Leader Nkunda' as if Britain didn't have enough problems  now council chiefs are sending heat detector vans out... to snoop on 'heat wasters' ! UN human rights official Richard Falk (who is Jewish) Gaza evokes memories of Warsaw Ghetto; dismisses Israel's argument that the assault was for selfdefense. Israel labels him Israel hater.' Israeli forces arrest seven children in West Bank for throwing stones at the separation barrier.  Two of the children are only 12 years old; two are 13; two are aged 15; and the seventh is 17.' Indian children are having limbs cut off to make money for evil gangs who deliberately cripple children for profit !' Israel Has Fewer Friends Than Ever, Even In America' Danish mother of African origin charged with genital mutilation in the female circumcision of two daughters' Brazilian amputee model dead at 20' Why I'm boycotting Israeli produce Soldiers told Gaza mother she had to choose five of her children to 'give as a gift to Israel.' Fairly Traded Extra Virgin Olive Oil from Palestine' Israeli Right Wing Set to Win Elections on Back of War' ITV breaks with BBC in Gaza row  BBC reporting their own unwillingness to run Gaza appeal' Angry and Illegal Facebook users leak names of accused underage murderers' INDIA Father and Son Convicted in Honor Killing of 5MonthPregnant Teen' Pakistan declares murder to protect a womans honour as no crime. ' Ebola may have passed from a pig to a human!' Children of Gaza stories of those who died and the trauma for those who survived' Pak urges Obama to halt missile attacks on alQaida strongholdsPakistanWorldThe Times of India' PakistanWomen in every third household face domestic violence' Security experts skeptical on Gitmo detainee report.' An Israeli air strike flattened one of Gaza's best private educational institutions, the American International School  Iceland Angry protests over economy force early elections' EU broadens sanctions on allies of Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe Second Danish bank bailout in four months' Stephen Shalom  Q and A on Gaza MUST READ!' Cholera spreads in Zimbabwe. Didn't Mugabe have this under control? Israeli soldiers accused of war crimes will be given state protection from prosecution overseas' Unseen Gaza  new British Channel4 documentary, with John Snow. Will be of interest to reddit [vid]' A US citizen caused delays to a Turkish Airlines flight between Istanbul and New York after complaining that there were Arabtypes on board. ' Can someone please tell me why the people of Darfur matter less than the people of Gaza?' Vatican condems Obama's move to restore US funding for family planning clinics abroad that give advice on or carry out abortions Embedded with Gaza medics.  We get shot on our way to rescue people. (France 24 news) [Video]' Descriptions of a few messed up civilian police killings due to the war on drugs.' Smuggler Caught With Heads of 353 African Gray Parrots' US TV crew in Gaza One had to wonder what reception a TV crew from an Arabic network (alJazeera for example) would find if they entered an American home blown apart by an Islamic army' France will offer all 18yearolds a free daily copy of the newspaper of their choice,' Any Israeli soldiers accused of war crimes in the Gaza Strip will be given state protection ... said Israeli PM' Tony Benn sneaks in an appeal for Gaza on the BBC  Thank you Tony Benn!' Hamas to pay out money to victims of Gaza war.  What were Israel's goals here?  Because it seems to me that Hamas is just gaining more support. Red Cross Nightmare scenario unfolding in cholerastricken Zimbabwe  50,000 cases and 3,000 deaths!' Not So Cool Facts About Israel' Scenes from Gaza ... Palestinian Rawan Abu Taber, 4, wounded during the Israeli military operations, screams in pain as doctors change bandages to her severe burns' News Blackout Iranian weapons ship in US control' Israel to shield Gaza war soldiers' Icelandic Minister of Commerce steps down  effective immediately' Mexico Man admits dissolving 300 bodies ' New lingua franca upsets French' The conflict in northern Pakistan Why we are bombing the hell out of them.' Protests escalating again in Iceland, now against the Central Bank' Mugabes troops close schools' More change Obama administration warns public to expect rise in US casualties' Amazing '60 Minutes' piece gives Israel 3 options ethnic cleansing, apartheid, or democracy. The two state solution is dead.' Two more critics of Vladimir Putin take bullets in the head.' Israeli troops shot and killed zoo animals' It's time we face the bitter truth Israel is not a free country but a militant state overrun by religious extremists not too dissimilar to other countries in the Middle East British actress Samanta Morton I won't work for BBC again after their refusal to broadcast Gaza appeal Ongoing protests continue as BBC still refusing to air a charity appeal for aid to Gaza.' Single woman in Morocco, a moderate Muslim country' Netanyahu would let West Bank settlements expand' I have covered earthquakes, hurricanes, and the tsunami and what has happened here is as bad or worse than anything I've seen in any of those. And this was done by Israeli bulldozers.' Extreme porn becomes illegal in the UK' New Zealand dude buys US Army secrets at thrift shop in Oklahoma.' Bolivia Evo nationalizes foreign gas company on eve of constitutional vote' American viewership of AlJazeera English rose dramatically during the IsraelHamas war' Gaza appeal the BBC refused to air' We have the capability to take the world down with us. And I can assure you that that this will happen before Israel goes under.' YouTube  Not so cool facts about Israel  RELOADED' Now go, attack Gaza and totally destroy everything. Do not spare them; put to death men and women, children and infants, cattle and sheep, camels and donkeys.' ' Sky News Joins BBC in Refusal to Broadcast Gaza Appeal' If Israel wants to weaken Hamas' popularity in Gaza, it's going to have to do something to match the $52 million Hamas is handing out to bereaved Palestinians. The Thai government is towing Burmese refugee boats out to sea and abandoning them. Since it's a crime to insult the King of Thailand, here's a felony for you Fuck off King of Thailand! Israeli human rights group Yesh Din calls for the dismissal of Israel's chief military chaplain for distributing a booklet that may have encouraged soldiers to break international law. Not the first time the military rabbis have shown true colors 'The best of the Gentiles you should kill.', Rabbi Abraham Avidan, 1973 Pakistan Warns Obama to Halt Attacks' BBC chief Mark Thompson holds talks in Jerusalem with Ariel Sharon 2005.  Impartial?' Iceland's government has formally collapsed. David Attenborough reveals creationist hate mail for not crediting God' Israel admits to using White Phosphorus in Gaza' Bolivians yesterday approved a new constitution granting more power to the country's indigenous majority and rolling back half a millennium of colonialism, discrimination and humiliation.  Israeli army rabbi 'gave out hate leaflet to troops entering Gaza' Leningrad Siege Now and Then [PIC]' Jacques Monin The British are obsessed with money, drowning in debt and morally bankrupt' U.N. At least 230,000 civilians are trapped directly in the path of the fighting in Sri Lanka's campaign against the Tamil Tigers.' Hundreds of ciitzens killed in warzone, but unable to leave as army attacks.  This isn't Gaza so who cares? Rumor The word on the street here in Iceland is that Jhanna Sigurardttir will be appointed the next prime minister. If so she will become the first openly homosexual head of government. ' 60 Minutes Is Israel's free ride almost over? | The Smirking Chimp Gaza Horror Updated Large Photo Gallery of Gaza Massacre by Israel ' The UN Crime and Drug Watchdog Has Indications That Money Made in Illicit Drug Trade Has Been Used to Keep Banks Afloat in the Global Financial Crisis' Proposed U.K. Legislation wipe out the personal privacy of everyone in Britain at a single stroke' War on Gaza is pushing the Mid East, from the Israelis to the Saudis, to extremes. Saudis and Iranians are considering allying in response to the strikes' The Torture Ban that Doesn't Ban Torture London Police Running from Muslim Protesters' Border Bombing, Air Strikes Mar Gaza Truce' 'Two killed' in Gaza border clash i'm not sure if i'm more surprised that 1b people are using the internet or that the other 5b aren't Left to die Thai army was operating a dumpatsea policy  one Thai military source, after extensive questioning, on treatment of refugees.' Dont get taken alive, Israeli soldiers told' Auschwitz decays  Former death camp crumbling away for lack of funding' Four generations of an Icelandic family had lost everything and wanted help to build a gallows in front of the parliament building so a member of the family could hang himself in public' Gaza fund donations double after TV channels broadcast appeal' Susan Solomon, one of the world's top climate scientists, finds in her new study that global warming is now irreversible Dear Reddit, please give this some attention Conflict and humanitarian crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo have taken the lives of 5.4 million people since 1998 and continue to leave as many as 45,000 dead every month' Russia scraps plan to deploy nuclearcapable missiles in Kaliningrad. Move comes after Barack Obama administration says it will review Pentagon's proposed defence shield in central Europe  5 countries on the verge of following Iceland to economic ruin' Brainwashed Don't Trust U.S. Mainstream News Israeli settlements expanded faster in 2008' Israeli troops killed Gaza children carrying white flag, witnesses say ' A federal judge says being a cook for the Taliban is reason enough for the U.S. military to hold a Yemen man as an enemy combatant at Guantanamo Bay.' Peanut Processor Knowingly Sold Tainted Products It Found Salmonella 12 Times in the last 2 years alone.' Ministers Have Been Ordered To Release Minutes Of The Cabinet Meetings Which Discussed The 2003 Invasion Of Iraq' Obama's $30 Billion Pledge to Israel at AIPAC Footage of Gaza villages literally wiped off the map.' Obama, come to Israel. Be a true friend. Save us from ourselves! ... Touching message from an Israeli woman to Obama ' Israeli soldiers leave racist graffiti on Gaza homes 'Death to Arabs,' 'One down, 999,999 to go,' 'Make war not peace,' 'Die you all.' Iranian leader Ahmadinejad demands US apology for past US crimes' CIA Station Chief In Algeria Accused Of Raping At Least 2 Muslim Women' UN official urges an investigation into Israel's apparent contraventions of international law, including direct attacks on U.N. personnel and facilities 3,000 Dead As Cholera Crisis In Zimbabwe Worsens' At border crossing, drivers and truckloads of aid for Gaza go nowhere.  ' UK Government must release cabinet minutes on leadup to Iraq war' 'We are farmers. We are not resistance' And 29 were killed.  We never used to accept that our foreign policy ever had any effect on terrorism, he said. Well, that was clearly bollocks.'  LA Jews Shut Down Israeli Consulate to Protest Siege on Gaza jan 14 2009 ' Stephen Hawking talks about Gaza solution ' ICRC 'Crisis unfolding' in Sri Lanka Israeli strikes leave Blair project with 140m repairs' Dubai in Deep DooDoo' You are killing people. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has stormed off the stage at the World Economic Forum in Davos after an argument with Israel's president. ' World gets its first gay head of state' Zimbabwe abandons its currency' The operating permission for the firm Blackwater will not be renewed. Its chance is zero, said Alaa alTaie, head of the press department at Iraq's Interior Ministry.' Soleful tribute Bush shoethrowing now a work of art' The Ministry of Defence turned large parts of the country into a giant laboratory to conduct a series of secret germ warfare tests on the public' NATO top commander issues instruction to kill drug suspects without evidence of link to insurgency. Generals refuse.' CBS runs an (shock!) impartial documentary on Israel' Israeli GovernmentOrganized Bloggers Fight Propaganda War' U.S. professors call for academic, cultural boycott of Israel for first time '  Turkish PM storms off in Gaza row ' Israel feels left out by financial crisis, tries to warn us about Iran. How pathetic.' Ahmadinejad Obama Must Allow Investigation of 9/11....' Switzerland is prepared to consider accepting prisoners released from Guantnamo' Israel Still Blocking Humanitarian Aid into Gaza The Genocide Continues' Russia And China Slam U.S. Economic System, Blaming It For Financial Crisis'  Iceland appoints world's first openly lesbian PM Criminalising dissent France loses distinction between terrorism and sabotage.' Erdogan, The last ethical politicain, stormed out of a heated debate in Davos over Gaza;  ' Britain faces worst year since 1930s, warns IMF' Britain has unveiled plans to provide universal broadband access.' Peace Recedes as Israeli Settlements Expand' Latest entry from our redditor in Somalia' Israel kidnaps more civilians in West Bank  ' This is a picture of Gaza students back to school after the bombings. The cards mention the names [and ages] of the students who are not there anymore.' Russia to present evidence to the United Nations that the North Pole belongs to the Russians.  If these rights are not recognized, Russia will withdraw from the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.' Shoe monument that Iraqi orphans helped to build removed 1 day after it was erected.' Turkey's PM arrived home to a tumultuous reception of cheering crowds early today after storming out of a debate in Davos over Israel's recent offensive in Gaza Horrific New Evidence of China Organ Harvesting Revealed' Spain opens investigation into whether crimes against humanity were committed in Gaza' The Israeli defence ministry has concealed information about the extent of illegal settlementbuilding in the West Bank' Hero's welcome for Turkish leader after Davos walkout Blackwater banned from Iraq  Founded in 1996 by Erik Prince, who had ties within the Republican Party, Blackwater Worldwide soon became the largest private army in the world with 21,000 men and a budget over $1 billion under the Bush administration.' 300,000 protest in Paris [with pics]' Papua New Guinea  Where Violence Against Women is Rampant' Naked ramblers face Swiss fines' Iceland to be fasttracked into the EU to avert financial collapse' Swiss police find massive marijuana farm on Google Earth' You are Killing People, Erdogan tells Peres, Walks Off Stage' In Gaza They are definitely testing weapons on us We found computer chips, magnetic pieces and transistors in wounds. Sometimes there are only minute pinpoint punctures to the abdomen and chest.' Please Stop, we really need to get people to dinner   the whole 1h ErdoganPeres discussion that led the first to abandon Davos permanently ' 44 Killed in a day in Srilankan army artillery' Giant shoe sculpture unveiled in Iraq' SOLEFUL TRIBUTE TO BUSH SHOETHROWER' Official U.S. will not renew Iraq contract with Blackwater' Norway to raise sunk German submarine carrying plans for new jet fighter and industrial grade mercury. ' First evidence of damage to Gazas cultural sites emerges.' This video will be shown some day at the Holocaust Memorial. It is the voice of an Israeli woman pleading with Obama to force Israel to end the occupation. ' Rove announces he has no intention of obeying Conyers' subpoena  ...and I am to Blame?' Italy bans kebabs and foreign food from cities' Israel has refused to allow a Frenchmade water purification system into Gaza amid a drinking water crisis in the Palestinian strip' Palestinians are forbidden from crossing the road or traveling on the road by foot, animal or automobile' Israeli ambassador to Australia slips up and discloses possible action against Iran in a month' Leaked report on Jewish settlements in the West Bank shows that the Israeli government was complicit in illegal construction on land owned by Palestinians' France says Israel blocks water equipment for Gaza' Jews are not Zionists!' Were Europeans once cannibals?   You bet!' Israel denies Gaza access to clean water' Britain and Germany want International Financial Watchdog so America can't fuck up the world ... again. Spain opens investigation of Israel under it's universal jurisdiction law for crimes against humanity in case of 2002 Israeli bombing in Gaza which killed 14 innocent civilians All Australians could be implanted with microchips for tracking and identification within the next two or three generations, a prominent academic says.' Can Countries Really Go Bankrupt?' DEA quits Bolivia on Morales' order Thousands protest across Russia demanding Putin's resignation Mafia business 'equal' to 9% of Italian GDP The military should close its torture school. I know because I graduated from it.' We are on the brink of war with the South, says North Korea' Governments across Europe tremble as angry people take to the streets' Fake pharmacies plague Iraq There is no oversight to ensure drugs aren't counterfeit or contaminated. Israeli Ambassador to Australia Says Will Deal With Iran's Nuclear Program Within a Month [vid]' Turkish PM hailed as a hero' Testimony of a man who trained child soldiers in DR Congo' Database implicates Israeli government in settlement land gra Where did all the money go? The global financial pyramid scheme explained.' Israeli officially accidentally says in front of reporter that invasion of Gaza was a prelude to attacking Iran' Total lunacy  when a petrol tanker overturned in Kenya people rushed to scoop up the petrol, even drilling holes in the tanker to syphon more out  then someone lit a cigarette!' When he found himself in danger of becoming a millionaire, he set up a foundation and gave it half his personal fortune.' The woman who gave birth to octuplets this week conceived all 14 of her children through in vitro fertilization, is not married and has been obsessed with having children since she was a teenager, her mother said.' Not only in America Half of Britons reject evolution, survey finds' A young idealist's journey to save the world ends tragically in New Orleans. Gaza desperately short of food after Israel destroys farmland ' Nokia threatens to leave Finland if constitutional rights not revoked' 'Mommy, don't' girl's last words as mother strangles her to death to keep boyfriend.  Israeli Ambassador slips up about Iran, Saying there will be war within next month. (vid)' Number of homicides per 100,000 males in 2005 in the UK 0.6. The US? 9.7! I knew it would be higher, but wtf?!' Hamas Leader's Message to Olmert on the EVE of the 22 day offensive We'll Recognise Israel. ' Israel to pay out 2 million dollars to drop prosecution of murderous soldiers' In Gaza officials warn of 'destruction of all means of life' after the threeweek conflict leaves agriculture in the region in ruins Japanese dare to ask Do we really need an emperor?' Jews are forbidden to use, or are restricted in their use of, more than 300 kilometers of roads in Germany. Germans are free to use these roads with no restriction.' Vladimir Putin faces signs of mutiny in own government as protests break out in east' Carter says Hamas demand for ceasefire was to open borders for food, water, medicine to enter Gaza.  Israel reneged on deal and then bombs them on Election Day.' Israel hopes to colonize parts of Iraq as Greater Israel' Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has vowed a disproportionate response to rocket attacks on Israel from Gaza' Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel's leading candidate for prime minister, said Saturday that Iran will not be armed with a nuclear weapon.' Sudan expels US aid group in Darfur region after officials found thousands of Arabiclanguage bibles in its office' Despite Odds, Women's Movement Persists In Iran The word went out on the web every skilled man should strike  Fifteen minutes later, at 6.30am, 400 men began to gather outside the Wilton chemical complex on Teesside behind a banner demanding British jobs 4 British workers'