 Wild bear kills two terrorists.Yes,a wild BEAR kills two TERRORISTS in india.' We are talking about an end to privacy itself, unlimited powers of search and seizure  in short, a New Zimbabwe in place of New Zealand' In the past 40 yrs, the permanent resident population of Venice has decreased by half. At the current rate of emigration  about 800 residents a yr  demographers predict there will not be a single Venetian left by 2030. But it's not flooding that's driving away the natives. Border guard's refusal to shoot let the Iron Curtain drop; defiant move changed history Irish accent beats French as world's sexiest Norway's secondlargest university to vote on Israel boycott About 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were massacred by Hutu militias within 100 days during the 1994 genocide. Now the United Nations genocide court in Tanzania seems to be reneging on its promise to transfer Rwandan convicts to serve the remainder of their sentences in their homeland' In Afghanistan, US troops fight and die, and a Chinese firm is awarded a $3 bn. copper mining contract' *le sigh* Naturopaths' prescribing rights getting expanded in Ontario, Canada U.N. Cant Account for Millions Sent to Afghan Election Board' David Cameron to tell voters that (contrary to previous promises) the Conservative party will NOT hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty if it has already become law.' It's like playing chess with a monkey, you get them to checkmate, and then they swallow the king. EU Diplomat on nuclear negotiations with Iran' A new ocean is forming in Ethiopia. 35mile rift in the Ethiopian desert will eventually connect the Red Sea and Arabian Sea.' North Korea claims to have weaponized plutonium' Hamas 'tests longrange rocket'  UK's broadband tax will force 100,000 homes to give up internet connection, warns CEO A third of threatened species now face actual extinction' Israel has released six members of the Palestinian parliament from jail after holding them for up to three years  some were never charged with an offence. ' Hillary Clinton speaks to Arab leaders in Morocco, defends remarks praising Israel' Nepal Nighttime photo of communists marching with torches against government' Mexico's cursing problem. The generation younger than 30 sees the use of bad words as more natural, and they use them not only in front of friends but in front of their parents or bosses.' The Irish Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that a premier Dublin golf club can continue to bar women from membership' Settler Colonialism Return to the Middle Ages. The Palestinians have been under a racist settler form of colonialism for over sixty years; and they are targeted with a campaign of ethnic cleansing launched by armed gangs of settlers supported by Israels police and army.' Karzai vows to battle corruption, build an inclusive government, win the war and a peace Nobel Prize, ban opium, ban Kimoon, reach the moon...' Diamond producers meet on conflict diamonds; calls for an international ban on Zimbabwe's diamond sales' Unbelievable Video of Iranian Police beating protesters in the latest clash on November 4. Reddit, please let the world see how these animals are trying to suppress Iranian people right now.' Seriously, what a fucking joke West hails Hamid Karzai as 'legitimate' president ' Pirate Party Gets Second Seat in European Parliament' I don't see how it helps much in the long run...but really, for a man accused of raping 5 children and leaving one to die in the desert, I'm not going to feel a bit ill at this example of Saudi justice Czech leader signs Lisbon Treaty ' A first ... CIA station chief and 23 others convicted for kidnapping in Italy' In the drugs debate, politicians are intoxicated by cowardice ' David Nutt  Gov'ts should get real on drugs ...imagine being seated at a table with two bowls, one containing peanuts, the other the illegal drug MDMA (ecstasy). Which is safer to give to a stranger?' Leaked ACTA Internet Provisions Three Strikes Internet Disconnection Policies, and a Global DMCA' Kenyas Maasai warriors are known for being fearless lion killers but times have changed and the countrys lions population is in danger of being wiped out. Now the Maasai in southern Kenya are taking part in an initiative to preserve the big cats.' Mariatu Kamara, who survived Sierra Leone's War We're not going to kill you,' one boy said. We want you to go to the president and show him what we did to you. You won't be able to vote for him now. Ask the president to give you new hands.' Jewish settlers aren't just illegally occupying Palestinian land, now they're breaking into Palestinian homes and occupying them too  elderly woman evicted from her home with the help of armed guards Italy Verdict expected soon in CIA rendition case where 26 American officials are charged with kidnapping a Muslim cleric from the streets of Milan more than six years ago' 100ds tons of weaponry, ten times the size of the Karine A shipment of 2002, were seized in an overnight raid by the Israeli navy, some 100 nautical miles west of Israel, officials said. The ship seized was sailing under an Antiguan flag. ' The rumors of 25,000 yearly human trafficking cases in UK appear to have been slightly exaggerated.' Britain accused of 'genocide denial' over Armenia Mexico mayor Black Saldana, who apparently is the one who was asking for my head, was found dead today. Problem was that the barefoot, blindfolded corpse of Black Saldana wasn't found for another 3 1/2 hours, and he wouldn't be identified for 2 days!' An executive has won the right to sue his employer on the basis that he was unfairly dismissed for his green views after a judge ruled that environmentalism had the same weight in law as religious and philosophical beliefs. ' Venezuelas soccer team massacre has heightened tensions with Colombia.' America is performing its familiar role of propping  up a dictator ' Mother Theresa was a fanatic and a fundamentalist and a fraud, and millions of people are much worse off because of her life' A video posted on the internet shows Mohawk Warriors using a backhoe to dig up and cart away a centuryold border marker between Canada and the U.S. on the Akwesasne reserve near Cornwall, Ontario, Canada' Saudi Arabia  As millions of Muslims begin arriving in Mecca for this years pilgrimage, Saudi officials face a unique challenge how to prevent this sacred rite from becoming an inadvertent incubator and global transmitter of swine flu.' ... [W]e were told they had sent our children overseas and they would be visiting us every five years. A group of parents in Sierra Leone has accused a charity of sending more than 30 children abroad for adoption without consent during the country's civil war.' Bangladesh Hundreds of women trying to get pay that's 3 months late turns into battleground of thousands. Police kill 3, injure 100. 16 police injured, one critically. Professor David Nutt The population is with me' Israel migrant workers will receive shelter, food and medical care . . .  would perform manual labor outside the camps, but would not earn a salary. They would stay at the camp until their asylum claims are decided, which could take months or years. Slaves?' ExxonMobil to pay Iraq $50bn in fees, plus $2 per barrel of oil moved, for exclusive development of Iraq's largest petroleum reserve (West Qurna oilfield). Five British soldiers gunned down while preparing for tea  by Afghan policeman they were training ' Dutch among lowest cannabis users in Europe report' FileSharers Protected Under Proposed EU Legislation' College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia Routine infant male circumcision performed on a healthy infant is now considered a nontherapeutic and medically unnecessary intervention... previouslythought prophylactic public health benefits do not outweigh the potential risks. [PDF (]' A Venezuelan's account of Venezuela's ban on video games. Palestinians might have to abandon the goal of an independent state if Israel continues to expand Jewish settlements, the chief Palestinian negotiator said.' Italy, the CIA, and rendition  What Wednesday's stunning verdict in Rome means for the War on Terror' Danish firm launches vitaminrich chewing gum for 3rd world kids to help fight malnutrition and blindness' Mexican mayor announces death of political rival hours before his body was found and two days before it was identified' 36 Containers from Iran  Israel Stops German Ship  Carrying Weapons for Hezbollah' U.N. Set to Endorse Inquiry Into Possible War Crimes in Gaza ' nnThe antigovernment protesters in Iran, who had been careful to distance themselves from America, have just asked the West not to sell them out.' This is what the Nazis did to the Jews  Who are now doing it to the Palestinians.  [Video]' Buying Itself Out of a Recession  Countries Ask  How Germany Avoided Mass Unemployment' ExKGB spy gunned down in Moscow' UK Assetseizing powers out of control as legal powers voted in to deal with terrorism and organised crime are being used for minor offences. ' The alternative left for Palestinians is to refocus  their attention on the onestate solution where  Muslims, Christians and Jews can live as equals' Duh? Occupiers involved in drug trade Afghan minister' Saudi jets omb Yemen rebels'  Frustrated by the peace process, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas will not stand in 2010 elections' Every few weeks you have to sow fear, every few months you need to make threats, and once every year or two you have to have another little war' Iran's Arabiclanguage television channel, AlAlam  The World has been taken off the air in Egypt and Saudi Arabia' We broke the law, admits CIA agent convicted of rendition' Saudi forces keep up Houthi assault Jets and ground forces hit Yemeni rebel fighters for third consecutive day' Mystery of Argleton, the 'Google' town that only exists online Afghanistan Five British troops are killed by an Afghan colleague and a fragile trust is broken' All over Latin America, and especially in the Andes, a political awakening is emboldening Indians who have lived mostly as secondclass citizens since the Spanish conquest.' Shamanism makes a comeback in Mongolia' Spain resists deal with Somali pirates ' Paraguay's president, Fernando Lugo, has sacked the head of the armed forces, after warning some officers were plotting a coup against him. Thousands of Ivory Coast victims look to be losing the money that Trafigura paid for poisoning them. The entire settlement is about to be stolen by unnamed local powers. ' Russian police officer video message to Putin; talks about police brutality, issues and corruption' France Thousands of cleaners strike. 30 sites, including company HQ, occupied. They are doing so with the support of unions and other groups who have joined with them to denounce the exploitation of undocumented workers' The UN backs Gaza war crimes report ' Nanoparticles could damage DNA at a distance, study suggests' Toxic waste victims could lose 30m as court freezes Trafigura compensation' Amazingly, not from The Onion Hutterite Colony heartbroken over stolen tractor.'  Saudi air force hits Yemen rebels after border raid   ' Turkey Where genocide's just not so bad UN endorses Goldstone report' Dear United States How many countries do you have to be at war with to be disqualified from receiving the Nobel Peace Prize?' Ft. Hood 'Muslims Should Stand Up and Fight the Aggressor'...When the majority of victims of terrorism are muslim.... not so much Overpopulation The Facts  by History Channel Staff' Palestinian President Mahmoud has confirmed he is not seeking reelection' Doubts renewed over Iran aims ' New chemical Element Discovered' Abbas withdraws from Palestinian presidential race; PA officials decision is in protest of the US administration's failure to exert pressure on Israel to stop construction work in the West Bank settlements.  Ukraine epidemic kills 109, 763,000 infected, and 34,000 hospitalized. Last Friday 40,000 infected and 900 hospitalized.  ' 57% of Brits think Afghan victory is impossible, and 73% want a pullout.' 13yearold schoolboy confronts BNP leader Griffin at memorial for Pathan Indians 'Isn't this against your party's policy?'  Three doctors and a nurse have been arrested for allegedly selling newborns after telling mothers their babies had died at a private hospital in Mexico City.' A brand new set... of lies. nLeave it to CBC to set us all straight. Long live the free press.' Anne Frank diary offends Lebanon's Hezbollah Islamists in Somalia stone a man to death for adultery but spare his pregnant girlfriend... until she gives birth.' Confronted by growing evidence that sex between men is a significant driver of new HIV infections, the Kenyan government has shed a longtime refusal to acknowledge the existence of homosexuality and will launch a survey of gay attitudes and behaviors in its three biggest cities next year.' We announce to the world that our objective is to establish an independent Islamic State in Afghanistan. We do not plan to invade or impose Islamic Sharia on any other country, especially the European countries, concludes the Taliban statement.' Russian ultranationalist admits murdering a human rights lawyer and a journalist.  He shot them both at pointblank range  in broad daylight.' A new Internet freedom provision means that European countries can still adopt threestrikes rules targeting P2P users, but they must presume innocence, guard privacy, and allow for judicial appeal' Ho Chi Minh City has seen its population increase by 41.14 percent or more than two million people over the last decade.' With Blair out of the picture, the EU is trying to decide what kind of personality it wants for the new position of president' There's No There There IAEA Inspects Iran Nuclear Site; Finds Nothing To Be Worried About' ChinaIndia border dispute comes to the boil.n nDalai Lama finds himself caught in the middle as worlds most populous nations  both nuclear armed  flex their muscles' British PM urges global financial tax' Interview with Matthew Hoh  the officer who resigned a few weeks ago in protest over the Afghan war  explains his reasons' Cuba's bestknown blogger Yoani Sanchez said state security officials seized and assaulted her in an effort to block her participation in a march against violence. Analysis Andean Cold War raises risks for Colombia and Venezuela' French company EDF Energy wants Britain to fix the market if it builds nuclear plants British families could be forced to pay up to 227 extra on their annual energy bills to help fund the project' CIA men jailed for 'extraordinary rendition' kidnap  of Muslim cleric A taste of the conflict and mass movement of populations that may spread across the world if population growth outstrips natural resources.' Privatisation debate in Queensland, Australia  Anna Bligh and Andrew Fraser have a Plan for Queensland. Unfortunately, it is the wrong plan. And it has not been subject to the critical examination that it deserves.' Israel Remote control occupation?' Reported Cases in Ukraine Double Again To 871,037' U.S. State Department Israel is not a tolerant society' Lord Drayson, UK Science Minister admits the sacking of David Nutt, has caused serious concern among the scientific community' 'Almost as serious as committing war crimes is covering up war crimes, pretending that war crimes were never committed and did not exist. Dennis Kucinich' Do you notice that Western media are ignoring the news of Saudi air force bombing of villages in Yemen? Can you imagine the international uproar if Syria air force were to bomb villages in Lebanon?' 'I will kill 10 of these people for each IED we find' |nttttWorld news |nttttguardian.co.uk Hasan praised suicide bombers, loudly criticized US policies, argued (as a psychiatrist, no less) with his military patients over the worth of their sacrifices, and refused, in the name of Islam, to be photographed with female colleagues. Yet no action was taken against him.' The inhabitants of Easter Island in the South Pacific have voted to restrict immigration amid overpopulation fears.' Is it time to pull out of Afghanistan?  Times Online' Twothirds of Brits against war in Afghanistan BBC' Security guard drives away with 10 million while his two colleagues were inside their office. ' The shitstorm as a result of the collapse of one or more of the big five banks (at least $420 trillion in interest rate derivs) would basically wipe out anyone and everything in its path. No exceptions.' Israel barrier cuts off family' Goldstone disappointed by US, Israel reactions to his report' Plenty of powerful people have an interest in the mercenary behind the 'Wonga Coup' keeping his mouth shut Diwali spotlights Nepal's untouchables  In a modern Nepal, the ancient musician caste grasps at the old and races to catch up The current situation in Afghanistan is similar to, Chicago Police in the 1920s fighting Al Capone, but turning a blind eye to the gun shops where he buys his weapons and ammunition, and even paying protection money to the owners of those shops.' Brave Australian teenager rescues one, then another' Follow the Money' Secret police agents abducted and beat awardwinning blogger Yoani Sanchez, whose online reports chronicle the dark side of everyday life in communist Cuba, on her way to a march for nonviolence' Omar Bashir cancels visit to Istanbul after Western pressure, and he looks *unhappy*' After troop deaths, British establishment rallies behind Afghan war.' The son of notorious drug lord Pablo Escobar plays a central role in a film about his fathers violent legacy' With the amount of money and time we put into making our weapons and training our soldiers, how do things like this keep happening?' Palestinian teen arrested by Israeli police another struck in the head by settlers.' China  Human Rights Activist Denied Entry to Shanghai Eight Times' In honor of the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall, Palestinian demonstrators topple a part of the 8 meter settlement wall that cuts through their village.  Israel responds by shooting live ammunition at the protesters' Girl Guerrilla Fighter Photo Essay 40% of the PKK in Iraq is female' Government's chief scientist backs David Nutt on cannabis  Telegraph 20 Years later, the residents of Eastern Europe have a simple question If capitalism is really so much better than Socialism, why are our lives still miserable? ' Thousands of protestors on the southern Japanese island of Okinawa demand the removal of US military base there' Turkey PM Erdogan announced he'll welcome Sudan's leader in spite of his Darfur indictment It is not possible for those who belong to the Muslim faith to carry out genocide' OUTFOXED  Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism Official US Air Force Document Reveals the True Intentions Behind the USColombia Military Agreement' A court was played a 10 minute recording of a Wearside couple whose nightly sex sessions were said to have ruined the lives of neighbours. The noise sounds like they are both in considerable pain. I cannot describe the noise. I have never ever heard anything like it.' Prorape Facebook group created by students at an elite allmale Australian college was up for several months, included tags such as anticonsent' If there is one issue where a global consensus seems to emerge from the survey it is this there are majorities almost everywhere wanting government to be more active in regulating business.' The forgotten history of the Africans who fought in WWII' BBC poll across twenty seven nations shows only 11% think that global capitalism is working.' China Executes 9 for Role in Ethnic Riots' UK surveillance plan to go ahead' Cofee on the web  the forensic software the UK Police didn't want you to know about, is available on the web. Now to be used for data stealing?  Militants behead Philippine teacher.' Mud and boulders loosened by heavy rains swept down a volcano and partly buried a small town, swallowing up homes as flooding and landslides across El Salvador killed at least 124 people' Iran charges three detained Americans with espionage ' Babies and Children, a threat to Israel?' El Salvador flooding, mudslides kill 124' Berlin Wall Anniversary Many Berliners feel that the true cause for celebration has been overlooked' Burma claims it will release Aung San Suu Kyi' Iranian antistoning campaigner awarded Dutch  Human Rights 'Tulip' Prime Minister of Turkey about Sudan's indicted President on crimes against humanity Because a Muslim couldn't do such things. A Muslim could not commit genocide.  Tell that to the 500,000 dead and increasing every day.' Three more government drug advisers resign after Nutt sacking' UK ministers cancel 'Big Brother' database Plans to store information about every phone call, email and internet visit have in effect been abandoned by the Government Rupert Murdoch wants to find ways to block Google from indexing his news sites. I guess meta name=robots isn't good enough for him.' Mikhail Kalashnikov celebrates his 90th birthday today. He still works at the same factory where he invented one of the worlds most iconic guns 62 years ago.' Fat in Japan? You're breaking the law China Executes 9 for Role in Uighur Riots' Cannabis use in Europe' The morning I finally decided to give up using cash, the whole world changed.' The state of English libel laws is so embarrassing that a number of US states have enacted legislation to protect their citizens from our courts.' Concerns are growing in Israel's government over the possibility of a unilateral Palestinian declaration of independence within the 1967 borders, a move which could potentially be recognized by the United Nations Security Council.  A law that demands consent to internet cookies has been approved and will be in force across the EU within 18 months' Inch By Inch, House By House How Israel Won the Settlement Battle...Again.' Rupert Murdoch vows to take all of Newscorp's websites out of Google, abolish fair use, tear heads off of adorable baby animals Chavez to troops Prepare for war with Colombia' Time bomb effect of onesided news Only 12% of Europeans claim to trust the media yet new research shows that even the most hardened Europeans may change their political views if they are bombarded with enough biased news.' Statement from school the media reported to have banned a girl trying to raise cancer money to save her dying dad ' AIPAC head who was indited for espionage, wants Obama and Netanyahu to stop talking about Palestinians and start talking about bombing the crap out of Iran.  ' Ban Kimoon is expected to transmit the Goldstone report to the UN Security Council soonwhich accuses both Israel and the Hamas militants of war crimes during the 22 day Gaza conflict' An elderly, halfblind cat had a noose placed around its neck before being strung over a bridge by two teenagers, a Melbourne Children's Court heard today. The Berlin Wall, 20 years gone  The Big Picture [pics]' Brazil pledges deep emission cuts in 'political gesture' to rich nations  IMAGINE the United States is in ruins from civil war and boatloads of its citizens are seeking safe haven in Australia  would we turn them away? Not a chance.' There has been a clash between ships from the rival navies of North and South Korea, according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap' If Mr Netanyahu believes that he has achieved a victory by refusing to halt the settlements, he is wrong. It is more like a project of national suicide.' The British Government has dissolved the  Parliament of the Turks and Caicos islands after  Many millions were blown on items like a bullet  proof car for the premier, the use of a jet, body  guards, lavish summer parties and a fleet of Range  Rovers for ministers' Whistleblower cop is YouTube sensation  A Russian police officer has released a series of videos calling out corruption' The officer reportedly mistook a pipe the boy was carrying for a gun and shot him dead. The boy was 3 years old.' Its amazing how far we've come France and  Germany hold joint Armistice Day commemoration  for the first time in history Man renting himself out as a punchbag for stressed women' Food Is Monsanto the answer or the problem? Great title, crappy article. The grand praise and fluff criticism of Monsanto in this article is a prime example of  journalism in the interest of business. the article smacks of sterilization.' The DNA of innocent people arrested in England and Wales should be held for no longer than six years' Gorbachev Says Obama Should Start Afghan Withdrawal ' German thug stabs and kills pregnant muslim woman in a courtroom.  Bailiff shoots woman's muslim husband, assuming that he is the attacker. Top Blackwater staff authorized attempted bribes of Iraqi officials in the wake of the 2007 Nisour Square massacre.' Ukraine epidemic kills 189;  1,122,000 infected, and 57,286 hospitalized.' U.S. Intelligence Iran Possesses Trillions Of Potentially Dangerous Atoms' Hollywood's attempt to force DRM measures on BBC's HDTV broadcasts fails after intense public pressure Itaip dam fails and puts Brazil under massive blackout. So Paulo and Rio with no electricity for more than 3 hours.' Blackwater Said to Approve $1 Million in Iraqi Bribes After Shootings ' President of Eritrea in a rare interview Why would you want to have allies? It's a sign of weakness.' Investigative journalist Seymour Hersh says the US has a rapidresponse unit ready to secure Pakistan's nuclear weapons in the event of a mutiny or any nuclear incident' You can keep on putting troops in, and you could have 200,000 troops there and the country will swallow them up as it has done in the past. There are many empires who tried to make Afghanistan a stable and different country ...n Obama National Security Adviser James Jones' Russia, India, China to Forge Common Approach to Global Issues' Brazil's 2 largest cities hit by blackouts Chinese scientists have artificially induced the second major snowstorm to wreak havoc in Beijing this season, state media said, reigniting debate over the practice of tinkering with Mother Nature.' What Goldstone says about the US' They will not require the permission of a judge or a magistrate to obtain the information. Britons Big Brother is watching.' Abu Abbas prepares to exit office in frustration, having achieved little as a partner for peace. Tragic. ' Blackwater may have tried to bribe their way out of the Nisour Square killings in order to remain in Iraq.' When it comes to scary, lifethreatening situations, being stranded on a sheet of Arctic ice that has snapped off and is drifting out to sea in the dark is one thing. Knowing there are three hungry polar bears stalking you is another.' Christian janitor rises above the barriers of caste, creed and sectarian terrorism and gives his life to save Muslim university students in Pakistan.' WHAT?!  Afghanistan is so rife with corruption that the US is basically funding the very people they're fighting!  We're talking obscene amounts of money! A 575page blistering report by Justice Richard Goldstone detailing war crimes in Gaza last December is refusing to die despite an aggressive Israeli smear campaign to kill it. The report...received overwhelming support Thursday in the 192member General Assembly.' An Australian Special Forces explosives detection dog has been found alive and well almost 14 months after going missing in action (MIA) in Afghanistan.' As the US caves in to Israeli demands on settlements and breaks the promises given in Cairo, the Economist wonders, is Israeli political jewjitsu just too strong for Obama? ' UN Official Penalize Israel Over Gaza ' A prominent Chinese dissident says he has been stuck in limbo at Tokyo airport for nine days because China refuses to let him return home.' Security firm Blackwater 'paid off Iraqi officials after civilian deaths'  Dublin, Ireland brought to standstill. 70,000 blast government for targeting ordinary people for the rich' ...the rational solution is to take the drug market back from the unregulated anarchy of criminal gangs, and transfer it to pharmacists, offlicences, and doctors who operate in the legal economy.' US Military use of torture and terror 1900  Present' Roberts propositioned the girl, unaware he was chatting to his wife, the court was told. ' Human Rights Watch China's Secret Black Jails  Hide Severe Rights Abuses Medvedev calls for economic reform  standing a bit further from Putin' Swine flu deaths in Europe doubling by the week' Apartheid in Israel 21yearold Palestinian female student in Bethlehem University was deported two weeks ago to Gaza. ' The Plunder of Iraq's Oil. As the direct result of the Iraq war, major American and other transnational energy conglomerates are now gaining control over some the largest oilfields in the world.' UK Gang beats up Leicester student who came to  aid of girl wearing headscarf' Tuna in peril as catches reach triple the limit ' A campaign in Extremadura (Spain) The pleasure is in your hands is said to consist of masturbation workshops for teenagers. Controversy raises because it is considered a waste of money. ' Report criticises excessive use of dementia drugs Overall in the UK, 180,000 people with dementia are on antipsychotic drug, with only around 36,000 getting any benefit' Sixyear limit on DNA retention of innocents' N.Korea warns South it will pay for clash' All new UK nurses must have degree under new rules in the biggest shakeups of medical education in the history of the NHS' Mr. Splashy Pants whale could soon be safe End of Japanese whale hunting in sight' The idea that an oil company was participating in the drafting of the Iraqi Constitution leaves me speechless' The Mexican Civil War broke out three years ago. Total dead are now around 14,000 and the government might be on the verge of collapse. This isn't in some alternate Universe. This is really happening. Huge rise in birth defects in Falluja' The gang hurled racist abuse at him, constantly referring to the colour of his skin, yet police refused to classify the attack as raciallymotivated  Teen savagely beaten by a gang of 15 youths.n' 'I agreed to become a suicide bomber'  14 year old boy | BBC NEWS Exsoldier faces jail for handing in gun' Switzerland's federal data protection commissioner wants Google to ensure that all faces and car plates are blurred, remove pictures of enclosed areas such as walled gardens and private streets, and declare at least one week in advance which town and cities it plans to photograph and post online. Sell drugs in shops  UK think tank' Researchers find 2 Japanese supersubmarines, designed to launch two foldingwing bombers on kamikaze missions against U.S. cities, sunk by U.S. at end of World War II' Israel 'personally attacking human rights group' after Gaza war criticism In 1982, a Pakistani military C130 left the western Chinese city of Urumqi with a highly unusual cargo enough weaponsgrade uranium for two atomic bombs...' Saudis bombard Yemeni rebels, now Some 240 villages in Saudi Arabia have been evacuated and scores of schools closed due to fighting which has now spilled over from Yemen' Costa Rica may be the first country to go entirely carbon neutral' The Nation American People's Money being used to Sponsor Taliban  12 Nov, 09 Since the Honduran coup detat systematic human rights violations have occurred. At least three people have vanished, nearly 10 have been extrajudicially executed, and hundreds of people have been detained. ' Suicide bombers have struck at two headquarters run by Pakistan's security forces, killing at least 17 people How the US army protects its trucks  by paying the Taliban' Afghanistan Ambassador warns Obama against adding troops. It is about time as Obama asks for new options!' Israeli road restrictions in the West Bank ' Drug Trafficker and Mexicos most wanted man, Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, has made the list of Forbes Most Powerful People' Prison officer jailed for having inmate's baby Canadian Soldiers out of Kandahar by 2011 defence chief' Nytimes tells Germany to get bent In the spirit of this discussion, I trust that you will not mention my clients names in your article' Suspected Hemorrhagic Pneumonia Outbreak Hits Ukraine' China's ghost city and ghost mall  who you gonna  call? Obama has authorized more predator drone strikes in Pakistan in 10 months than George W. Bush authorized in three years, killing over 500 people.' Italian court finds 23 CIA operatives guilty in absentia for the abduction of a Muslim cleric. The trial was the first by any government over the Central Intelligence Agency's extraordinary rendition program.  Duke Professor Finishes Yale's Job, Prints Mohammed Images in New Book  Muhammad The 'Banned' Images' Girls shouldn't expect to 'have it all' says school head Incredible. Right now, even Liberia's national parliament doesn't have a full copy of the law. Why not? Because the few volumes that do exist have been quietly copyrighted  and subsequently held ransom  by Philip Banks, the man in charge of Liberia's legal reform. 'Blown for Good Behind the Iron Curtain of Scientology'  wiki interviews author who escaped Scientology and is now suing the church. Nurse who was sacked for filming abuse of elderly patients gets her job back.' So I was watching CNBC the other day (am I the only one?) and my head imploded when this segment came on...' The official explained to Netanyahu that if there was  a peace, investment would push Israel's growth  rate from 5% a year to 7%. The Israeli PM  responded that if the country had 5% growth, it did  not need peace. On communist rebels in India You have an army of very poor people being faced down by an army of rich that are corporatebacked. I am sorry but it is like that.' A Spanish region's new approach to sex education has provoked anger by suggesting children be taught selfexploration and selfpleasure.' In Minas Gerais state in Brazil nearly 30% of the married women admitted to having an extra relationship. Now Brazilian police are hunting for a mysterious blogger who claims to be waging a lone crusade against unfaithful wives.' China accused of Abuses in Secret Jails. The jails were secret because officials in China are subject to a national civil service system that penalizes them based on the number of complaints received in Beijing about them.' Boy wins compensation for attack by another threeyearold with a car jack My son was hit 11 times on his head and face with a car jack, his attacker kept on lashing out even though Jay was screaming out in pain and covered in blood.' Venice may be brimming with Renaissance treasures, churches and palaces, but it has staged a funeral to mourn the decline of its most precious resource  people' Fascism for progressives BNP leaders vote overwhelmingly to change the party's constitution so nonwhite members can join.' The newspaper said the civilians claimed British soldiers in Iraq copied sexual and physical abuse from photographs taken at the notorious USrun Abu Ghraib jail in Baghdad, which emerged in 2004.' Note to self Never, ever take dietary advice from Hugo Chavez' Venezuela Government Turns Tear Gas on Mayor Over Land Conflict' Amazing 300,000 Starling Birds Cloud Video  EzineAll.com' Brothers in arms  The Juniper Cobra missile defense exercise between Israel and the US came to an end this week, culminating in the mostly ceremonial firing of several Patriot missiles into the Mediterranean.' Pakistan military runs terrorist training camps, says French judge' Swine Flu Count 4,000 Dead, 22 Million Ill' Iceland's National Assembly is a unique attempt to capture the wisdom of the crowd. This is probably the first time that a statistically representative sample of a whole nation is brought together for a whole day of discussions. The results are in and will be available on the web. The poorest region in Spain is paying for a campaign to promote onanism [real story]' Netherlands to levy green road tax by the kilometre from 2012 Each vehicle will be equipped with a GPS device that tracks how many kilometres are driven and when and where. ' Chinese don't like Africans. They don't like black skin.' Israeli has destroyed 25,000 Palestinian houses   in Jerusalem ' What right does Israel have to stop whether or not a people can have their country recognised by the other countries?' 12 year old Aboriginal boy in court today over recieving a stolen freddo frog chocolate from his friend!' Palestinians to seek endorsement of statehood  They plan to ask the United Nations for its support without Israel's consent Order Out of Chaos CIA, Blackwater Responsible for Bombings, Assassinations in Pakistan' UltraOrthodox Jews in Jerusalem protest outside the Intel office, against the plant operating on the Jewish day of rest.' Surreal drama of Zambia 'porn' trial Film Sugar Babies takes on Big Sugar in Dominican Republic and in Florida, ignored by the mainstream media' If you are an Israeli citizen and you beat up a Palestinian, even kill him or her, theres a 90 percent chance you will get away with it.' Now that Silvio Berlusconi has been convicted by an Italian court, he's trying to constrain the country's judicial system.  Iran urges Russia to fulfill S300 missile supply contract' The British National Party will be joined in the European parliamentnby farright parties from across the continent. But how much supportnare fascists and racists really picking up? Tom Walker investigates.' US active role in the Yemen war' APEC leaders drop climate target  Copenhagen conference now pointless' CIA Pakistani spy agency pays off nHundreds of millions go to the ISI, despite fears of corruption.' Kosovo's Serbs turn their anger on etrayal' of minority status. First elections since independence in 2008 will be allAlbanian affair as Belgrade's abandoned followers boycott polls. I was wondering the other day why I was so mad about Israel and Palestine. The shit we are doing in Iraq and Afghanistan is worse. Is our anger misplaced? Are they just holding a mirror and we dont like what we see?' I was in the tub, and I had my back turned, and somebody raped me while I was in the water' Gordon Brown is to offer a formal apology for the UK's role in sending tens of thousands of children to a new life in Commonwealth countries during the 20th century, many without the consent of their families. Kosovo local elections offer hope  Some Serbs have decided to run, and vote, despite Belgrade's protests. Nato braced for attack as President Hamid Karzai is sworn in' 700 French troops launch eastern Afghan offensive' In Australia you can go to jail for  donating money to the 1.5 million  starving Palestinians on in Gaza Strip ' Gay Puerto Rican teen decapitated, dismembered  and burned. Police response 'people who lead this  type of lifestyle need to be aware that this will  happen'. I just received a SIX PAGE reply from the Attorney General who's vetoing the r18 classification for games in Australia! (as rage inducing as you would expect) Huge rise in infant deformities in Falluja Most are in the head and spinal cord... also a very marked increase in the number of cases of less than two years [old] with brain tumours.' 200 Italian women responded to an ad asking for attractive girls between 18 and 35 years old, at least 5 foot, 7 inches tall, welldressed but not in miniskirts or low cut dresses. They expected a party. What they got was Muammar Gaddafi.' At first its like a video on British health care.  Then, all of a sudden, Israelis show up to ask, papers, please.' China now controls 95% of the global market for rare metals used to make iPods, wind farms and electric cars' Deep in the heart of the Amazon rain forest, there are people who have lived off the water for a long time who are now forced to eat canned tuna fish because the fish in the river are dead or diseased, Joe Berlinger director of Crude  about an environmental lawsuit against oil giant Chevron' A group of Israeli soldiers disobeyed orders on Monday to help in the dismantling of several structures that Jewish settlers had built without government authorization in the occupied West Bank.' The Dark Side of Dubai Dubai was meant to be a MiddleEastern ShangriLa, a glittering monument to Arab enterprise and western capitalism. But as hard times arrive, an uglier story is emerging.' After discovering that the iconic Pirate Bay logo had not been officially registered, a Swedish company has hijacked the trademark as their own, with an eye on commercial exploitation.' 80% of us will not pay for news anymore.' Book about killing gentile children becomes bestseller in Israel' Can you imagine if it were your daughter?' Two kite surfers from West Sussex took advantage of strong winds on the south coast to realise an ambition to jump over Worthing pier.' The third Israeli town in 6 months has added 'Zionist loyalty' to their bylaws  Why won't Israel stop building settlements? Because this is Palestine's condition for peace talks to resume. Israel says declaring a state could lead to annexation of more of the occupied West Bank.' Human Rights Watch has accused Israel of  launching an organized campaign of lies and  misinformation against it in the wake of the  organization's support of the Goldstone report' Palestinians call for EU to back independence' Most of the world's seven thousand languages will no longer be spoken by the end of this century Tragically, millions of people continue to knowingly poison themselves for lack of an alternative source of water.' The only soldier convicted in connection with the death of Iraqi hotel worker Baha Mousa today dramatically accused a former Army officer of prisoner abuse. ' It's an easy mistake to make. You break into a house, steal a few things, then discover a computer and decide to log into Facebook. Police arrest 26 year old  Zambia journalist acquitted of pornography charges that were brought against her several months ago for sending photos of a woman giving birth in a hospital parking lot.' People Republic of China's official media ignore Obama's message on Internet freedom while Web sites delete stories. Is there a Chinese word for irony?' This kicks The Weather Channel's ass. Australian Senator says Scientology is a criminal organisation, calls for police enquiry.' Australia Independent senator Nick Xenophon has accused the Church of Scientology of being a criminal organisation.' More than 500.000 private messages from 9 / 11 leaks at wikileaks this week' The grave of Neda Soltan, the Iranian demonstrator whose murder was captured on a cellphone video has been desecrated by the Ahmadinejad regime in an attempt to stifle political dissent' Obama to China Stop censoring the internet. China to Obama I think we're going to censor you on the internet Twothirds of Iraq's Christians have died or fled the country due to the Iraq War. Nice going, American Christians. Australian Independent Senator on the senate floor,  demanded a senate inquiry into Scientology calling it a criminal organisation that coerced abortions, assault, imprisonment, covering up sexual abuse, embezzlement of church funds and blackmail' Japanese politicians used a secret bottomless state fund to bribe opponents and help fund their election campaigns' Staff at TMobile sold millions of customers' personal records. Corruption, country by country. The 2009 Transparency International index in full' The most organized lobby in the world is real and it kick ass' The massive ordnance penetrator, or MOP, now being rushed into development to be carried on B2 and B52 bombers. The most likely targets? Iran and North Korea.' Hunger 'kills 17,000 children per day' 12 Afghans killed, 30 wounded after rockets slammed into a market northeast of Kabul, missing a meeting between France's top general in Afghanistan and dozens of tribal elders and senior local officials The European Union has followed the United States in saying it is not ready to recognize Palestinian statehood' UK police plans to put details of violent men on register  and those who drive their wives and girlfriends to suicide could be charged with killing them!' Why Pakistan is winning ITS war against the Taliban?' In order to further violate the International Laws, Israel gives the green light for the construction of 900 houses in occupied East Jerusalem' Russian rappers groove with Putin. I have to say that young people involved in these arts in our country give them their own Russian charm. Because rap...is being filled with social content, discusses problems of the youth.' Israel approves new homes in east Jerusalem' One man, four frauds ... and mystery of the missing 8m' Protesters IDF used .22caliber ammo at West Bank fence  Haaretz  Israel News' How America is snooping on YOU.' West Bank Israeli Soldiers Refuse Orders to Help in Dismantling Illegal Settlements' Israel approves 900 settler homes' 7 men survive 2 MONTHS adrift in the Pacific. [BBC]' Israeli settlers in the South Hebron Hills of the West Bank have been harassing a Palestinian family walking home, then beat and robbed two internationals who accompanied them.' Virtually legal In many countries, full jails, stretched budgets and a general weariness with the war on drugs have made prohibition harder to enforce' For roughly the same cost as stationing 40,000 troops in Afghanistan for one year, we could educate the great majority of the 75 million children worldwide' Mexico's Juarez on path to anarchy   2000 dead so far this year. We have an unsustainable economy  a globalised economy  which pays very low wages. That allowed an alternative economy to be created which also globalised  drugs. Both economies are playing here.' Athens in siege police Hq attacked, hundreds detained and many wounded' Inside Dignitas Assisted Suicide in Switzerland  We don't discuss moral questions. What moral? Which moral? Catholic? Muslim? Buddhist? We are just working of the atheist basis of selfdetermination' Australia This is growing now... Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has concerns about Scientology' Former Nazi SS man, aged 90, on trial for the murder of 58 Jewish forced labourers in 1945...' Silicon Sweatshops Despite strict codes of conduct, labor rights violations are the norm at Apple, Nokia and Dell factories' New Zealand tops Denmark as world's least corrupt nation  A treasure trove of Tibetan art and manuscripts uncovered in sky high Himalayan caves could be linked to the storybook paradise of ShangriLa, says the team that made the discovery' Afghaniscam | Mother Jones' Canadian troops could soon be outfitted to fight in Canadian cities. So even in Canada the people are seen as the enemy by those in power. ' Australian Justice is Coloured An opinion on the young Aboriginal boy who had to go to court over recieving a stolen freddo frog. ' Spain Codifies 'The Right to Broadband' Independent judiciary a threat to national security, says Foreign Office official' John Pilger The Theft of West Papua's mineral wealth. Let the Bird of Paradise go Free...nThe province's courageous resistance movement  Afghanistan, Iraq Near Bottom of Corruption Index' School massacre prevented' If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world, they wouldn't have declared their independence from it. n Stephen Colbert' Escalation of Afghanistan War Canada Faces a Fateful Decision.' Ecuador energy crisis cripples production, disrupts cities  UPI.com' 'Cosmic rays' may have caused Qantas jet's plunge CAUGHT Guy who dropped dog from a bridge in Latvia. Arrested, with PICS. Translated article.' The official inductees of the 2010 Sweatshop Hall of Shame are Abercrombie and Fitch, Gymboree, Hanes, Ikea, Kohls, LL Bean, Pier 1 Imports, Propper International, and Walmart' Van Rompuy is the first president of Europe' Russia confirms death penalty ban' Dont ask A new law against homosexuality in Uganda could set a nasty trend | The Economist' For the first time, Africa's population exceeds a billion (1,000,000,000) An open letter to Obama from a Gaza resident We, the Palestinian people, are fed up!' The Tijuana of the Caspian  Where Iranians go for booze, sex and pork.' South African runner Caster Semenya will keep her 800meter gold medal from the world championships, and the results of her gender tests will be kept confidential, the South African sports ministry said Thursday.' Red Cross Red Crescent report about albinos who are being hunted for their body parts' Israel emulating the witchhunt tactics of the U.S. academic monitoring group Campus Watch' UK Judge allows secret services to hide evidence in Guantnamo torture cases' Tony Blair out of race to become European Council president' Ireland Hey immigrants, the economy is shitty so we'll pay you to leave. UK As the Queen's speech dominates the news, what you didn't hear about  High Court rules trials can be held in secret There are stupid women who come to the Western Wall, put on a tallit and pray,Jewish woman arrested over shawl .' Suicide bomber in Pakistan kills 19 at courthouse in Peshawar, it is the 10th bombing in six weeks in the city as Taliban militants retaliate for a Pakistani offensive along the Afghan border' State Department says Israel discriminates' Russian court extends moratorium on death penalty; full ban expected' Abbas Only solution is to declare Palestinian state; with peace negotiations stalled and another illegal settlement in E. Jerusalem approved by the Israelis, Palestinians say they intend to seek recognition of statehood at United Nations ' Van Rompuy takes EU presidency, Lady Ashton  nominated as foreign minister' Big Oil and Big Coal Spend Big to Kill Clean Energy Bill' Indonesian Elementary School Students Set Fire To  '2012' Film DVDs  The Jakarta Globe Lions kill white tiger in Czech zoo' Poland, Lithuania and Ukraine to set up joint army ' FIFA and Germany helped finance a soccer stadium in the Palestinian territories.  Now that it is almost complete, Israel has decided to tear it down.' Depressed woman loses benefits over Facebook photos' Illegal Israeli settlements are diverting water in occupied territory.' New poll 53% of Israelis think ethnic cleansing is the solution to the conflict ' British TV documentary on Israel lobby is accused of antisemitism' Regarding Afghanistan In 1981, we gave them 100 mln. of free assistance. And all of that went to the elite. And there was nothing in the hamlets  no kerosene, no matches.n Marshall Sokolov, Soviet Minister of Defense' How the British lied to put a killer in power Indonesia's President Sukarno was overthrown in 1966 and up to half a million people massacred. The BBC, the Observer and Reuters were all duped into carrying false stories manufactured by agents.  50 oil tankers loitering off British coast as they lie in wait for fuel price hiken' Katrina flooding blamed on 'monumental negligence' of Army Corps of Engineers Flood photos of severe weather in England and Scotland  and yes Cockermouth is a real place'  If the UK left the EU what would the consequences be?' Cockermouth is flooded' Peru arrests four people accused of killing dozens   harvesting their fat and selling it to Europe for cosmetics' Four people have been arrested in Peru on suspicion of killing dozens of people in order to sell their fat and tissue for cosmetic uses in Europe.' Portuguese Government prohibits fees in transactions involving ATM cards (via google translate)' We all know that the 'new world order' is just a crazy conspiracy, but a South Korean newspaper just told South Koreans that they must be ready for it. Diplomat says Canadians handed over innocent Afghans to torture, covered it up' Rabbi admits 'cocaine and prostitute marathon' Court Rejects UK Foreign Secretary David Miliband's Bid to Suppress CIA Evidence Court accused Miliband of wanting to suppress info about CIA activities even though details had already been disclosed by the US India Its the CRPF [police] that beat up doctors who go into jungle to treat patients. They beat teachers too. They behead a child in front of his grandfather, rape Adivasi [indigenous] women at will. Green Hunt will result in genocide of Adivasis. Those who survive will become Naxalites.' Israel does not only steal Palestinian water, they pollute the water that does go through to Palestinians to prevent them from using it [VID]' Just like any other pack or rabid animals, Tea partiers turn on each other.' Palin 'Jews need a place to live'    ...Palin disagrees ...that Israel halt settlement construction, although her reason for that opinion is puzzling to some (or at the least demonstrates she's not familiar with the term natural growth that much of the debate has revolved around). ' US yet to ratify child rights pact' The dark truth about Latin American energy.' Well, now we're fucked. British Government to allow snooping on cloud storage, give powers to any person as may be specified with or for the purposes of facilitating prevention of reduction of online infringement of copyright, speed limitations/disconnections for offenders, etc.' Do music artists fare better in a world with illegal filesharing? The graph the record industry doesn't want you to see. Why the olives? Israeli settler vandals savage another olive grove; It will take 10 years for the trees to bear fruit again' Japanese whalers set sail yesterday on their annual mission to kill hundreds of the marine creatures for alleged scientific purposes, causing diplomatic problems for their government.' Colombia says its military on 'maximum alert' after Venezuela destroyed two border bridges. 53% of Israelis polled prefer ethnic cleansing as a final solution to the Palestinian problem' Apartheid in Israel Palestinians don't have the right to build a Football Stadium Someone has stolen Mussolini's Brain and tried to sell it on Ebay. No joke. Galileo's lasting message to the catholic church Swine flu kills four in Saudi Arabia on Hajj pilgrimage' Lebanese General tells military, prepare for Israeli attack' Four in 10 Australians believe Australia's projected population of 35 million by 2049 will be too many people, according to an Age/Nielsen poll. At an informal secret meeting the heads of government of the 27 EU member state appointed Herman Van Rompuy to be the first President of the European Union.' Dalai Lama praises Obama for urging ChinaTibet talks' W5 investigates intriguing new theory about MS' H1N1 Mutation Discovered' America's farmersoldiers in Afghanistan  An Indiana National Guard unit is helping Afghan farmers to help themselves. Afghanistan War Casualties' Wife punished cheating husband with her suicide and killing his 3 daughters' Mario Borghezio, Italian member of the European Parliament is a crazy conspiracy kook He speaks out against all three EU president candidates being bilderberg and trilateral commission members.' AGW or MBP? 180MB of leaked (well, hacked) emails and documents blow the lid off of widespread data manipulation, collusion and suppression of valid scientific debate on global warming' Dancing with Evo Morales.  Documentary about the life and origins of the Bolivian president.  ' A UK couple has been kidnapped by pirates. The pirates have issued ransom demands. The UK government is refusing to do anything. These people are going to be killed unless something is done.' Hackers leak scientists emails stolen about climate change research.  Now with more climate change debate!'  Of State Borders, Wars and Refugees  In our latest post at Left Focus Lev Lafayette considers the history of refugees with a critique ranging from Europe to Africa and beyond.  His is a passionate plea for the rights of refugees  as against to nationalist populism and opportunism.  ' Support a Senate Inquiry into the Church of Scientology' Several Palestinians have been injured after Israeli aircraft carried out airstrikes against targets in the Gaza Strip, officials say.' Yesterday Hamas announced an agreement with other militants to halt rocket fire into Israel.  Within hours, Israeli fighter jets bombed multiple locations in Gaza and injured seven Palestinians.  Does Israel want peace?' Pakistan coming disaster Half its 180 million population is under 20, 66% are under 30. Pakistans population should exceed 260 million by 2030, and 335 million by 2050.Only half of children go to primary school, a quarter to secondary school and just 5% receive higher education.' Hamas threatens other Palestinians Anyone in Gaza who cooperated with the poll would be 'dealt with by the ministry or by other means'' Hamas in Gaza says it has reached an agreement with other militant groups to stop firing rockets into Israeli territory.' Hamas reaches agreement with other militant groups to stop firing rockets into Israeli territory.  Israel responds with A) Lifting the blockade. Or. B) Launching Israeli Air strikes against Gaza' Shocking levels of racism are commonly accepted in Israel' Iran has begun five days of largescale war games to simulate attacks on its nuclear sites, officials said, warning it will retaliate if provoked.' I really feel that the lack of effort this year has really paid off.' Coal mine blast kills 42 in China, 66 trapped ' At Least *421* Die in Chinese Mine Explosion' Israeli aircraft strike Gaza targets  Military says action is retaliation for Palestinian rocket fire' Canadian government was fending off calls for a public inquiry on torture after senior diplomat formerly stationed in Kabul claims troops 'handed over for severe torture a lot of innocent people' Chavez describes himself as a brother of presidents Mugabe of Zimbabwe and Ahmadinejad of Iran.' Shots have been fired at police in County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. Finger pointed at dissident republicans' Israelis and former Israelis are behind many of the world's Internet sites that sell counterfeit or other illegal drugs involved in pharmaceutical crimes, providing useless or dangerous products to people who think they are getting the real thing Australian troops using hard drugs in Afghanistan, Iraq' Fatah Officials Warn of Third Palestinian Intifada' UAE deportations raise questions in Lebanon  As more than 200 Lebanese await answers over why they were ejected from the U.A.E., experts point to paranoia in Gulf nations over Iran.' IAF launches fresh strikes against Gaza weapons factories, smuggling tunnels ' Security forces in Afghanistan have killed or captured more than 30 highlevel militants, including many accused of participating in roadside bomb attacks, military officials said.' Indonesian authorities say they believe most of the 226 passengers who were aboard a ferry which has sunk near Batam Island will be rescued.' Sri Lanka allows freedom of movement for war displaced civilians ' An auction house says it is selling a rare first edition of Charles Darwin's On the Origin of Species found in a family's guest lavatory in southern England.' Adopted man decides to look for his real parents. Turns out his dad is Charles Manson.' If this is proven correct, it will be a very, very big discovery because we'll completely change the way we think about MS, and how we'll treat it,' Iran uses interview from 'The Daily Show' as proof Canadian journalist was a spy; jails and tortures him for 118 days Children should be allowed to get dirty, according to scientists who have found being too clean can impair the skin's ability to heal | isn't that a bit obvious?  The authorities knew it was deadly more than 100 years ago, but it was only banned entirely in 1999. Asbestos fibres can lie dormant in victims' lungs for up to half a century; deaths from asbestos in Britain will continue to rise, peaking at 5,000, until 2016 Russia has now turned into a criminal state, according to the man who was once its leading foreign investor.' New Japanese gov't finds documents proving nuclear weapons pact with US that the last Japanese gov't claimed didn't exist. Secret files show UK courts were misled over 9/11 suspect Lotfi Raissi, an innocent man accused of training the 9/11 hijackers who was jailed for five months' An Interview with Matthew Hoh, the diplomat who resigned over the Afghanistan war If Matthew Hoh could tell you one thing to help you understand the U.S.s predicament in Afghanistan, hed tell you the presence of our ground combat troops is not doing anything to defeat alQaida.' Saudi scholar condemns new university for allowing the mingling of men and women which he called a great depravity. Mingling is apparently like what Southern racists used to call integration, men and women working, studying and socializing together. ' Russia 'is now a criminal state'  'They basically said to him if you sign the following false confessions then we'll give you medical treatment, otherwise we won't' A Chinese dissident was sentenced on Monday to three years in prison after criticising the government's response to the 2008 Sichuan earthquake that killed about 90 000 people. Brazil is trying to make its name in the field of diplomacy, by meeting with Irans president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday. America has thus far failed to work positively with Iran, could Brazil take over as the Middle East moderator??  ' A British company sells 85 million $ worth of fancy dowsing rods to Iraq's government, they are now being used to 'detectombs at checkpoints. Drug war hits Mexico's Mennonites Chinese Human Rights Lawyers Interrogated for trying to meet Obama' UK men 'deserting' Indian brides Does humanity's error come down to a simple lack of  maturity, like a sixyearold confronted with a choice of  dinner between broccoli and ice cream? Haiti  Id never seen so many people working so hard with so little to show for it. Whatever effort you make, it gets almost eaten up by population growth. You are basically running to stand still.' Iran's  plan  to  ditch  Tehran  echoed  in  Ancient  World    Middle  East    Independent.co.uk Wouldbe Mexican President says 'mafia' has taken over Let God Sort 'Em Out Airstrike accidentally kills Afghan soldiers and policemen World Population Highlights 2007 Overview of World Population' Not Clinton I have not had sex with her and the idea that I would have sex between meetings in my office in Parliament Office while Parliament was sitting is so patently ridiculous' Could it get more surreal than this? Israeli state claims part of an Arab while its owners reside in it.' Wow, it turns out the guy who was paralyzed but fully aware for 23 years isn't.. he's a vegetable and the people saying he's communicating are really faking his communication. ' Prof Nutt (Gov't scientist who was sacked over Cannabis research) cuts presenter down to size on Sky News UK jails schizophrenic for refusal to decrypt files' The world's biggest animal sacrifice begins today Screw you Murdoch. BBC have no plans to charge for online news' Leaked documents reveal Tony Blair lied about Iraq' Microbiologist who warned that flu vaccine was bioweapon & arrested by FBI for allegedly trying to bomb White House was expert in manipulation of virii, with 28 publications' India's parliament is up in arms over the leak of a report, 17 years in the making, on the destruction of a mosque, the Babri Masjid, in 1992. The report exposes the complicity of India's rightwing Bharatiya Janata Party in the riot and clashes that followed. Bank of England gave SECRET bailout loans to RBS and HBOS' DNA nation British police keep a much larger DNA database than anyone else. USA is 5th' An activist in China has been sentenced to 3 years in prison for blogging about poorly built schools that collapsed during China's massive earthquake last year, which killed thousands of children. Australian airport takes away a paralympian's wheelchair and he ends up crawling through the airport to board his plane. 'Cruel, illegal, immoral' Human Rights Watch condemns UK's role in torture. Pressure for inquiry grows as torturers themselves allege British complicity. Police routinely arresting people to get DNA' China executes two over tainted milk powder scandal' There are fears in Japan that a potentially deadly Australian invader is beginning to close in on some of the country's most crowded urban areas. In Afghanistan, People hate the Americans from the bottom of their hearts ' The number of deaths by cause over the past 300 days  this really puts the swine flu pandemic into perspective' Political dynasties die hard in Philippines  Against death toll from Monday's violence, now at 46, political warlordism looms large UK role in torture of its own citizens in Pakistan condemned by HRW as cruel, counterproductive and in clear breach of international law' Drunk police accused of beating a man to death.' Call girl who made Berlusconi look bad receives death threats' Blackwater secret war in Pakistan exposed  Taliban  assertions that Blackwater bombed civilians need to  be investigated' Kelvin Thomson stepped up his populationcontrol campaign last week, releasing a 14point plan to cap Australias population at 26 million.' Russia is Telling Blond, BlueEyed People to Breed. It's Working. In the future an immigrant arriving in Germany may have to sign an integration contract. The contract would require the immigrant show respect for freedom of speech and women's equality.' Every school pupil in England is to be taught that  domestic violence against women and girls is  unacceptable, as part of a new government  strategy.  Excuse me?  Only women and girls?' Why white skin is all the rage in Asia' Britain heard US drumbeat for invasion before 9/11' Britain has been voted one of the worst places in the world for expats to live; Canada the best.' Switzerland votes on a ban of minarets to stop Islamisation of society' US rejects landmine ban treaty supported by more than 150 countries. The state department explained the decision on Tuesday, saying a policy review had found the US could not meet its national defence needs without landmines.' The 00's A Decade from Hell The Roman Catholic order of Christian Brothers, once the largest provider of residential care for boys in Ireland, has offered a payout of 161 million euros ($240 million) in compensation, drawing harsh criticism from a group called the Irish Survivors of Child Abuse.' Dealing with [the Americans] corporately is akin to dealing with a group of Martians. If it isn't on the PowerPoint slide, it doesn't happen.  The body of a United Nations worker, who had been missing for 24 years, has been found in eastern Lebanon' He thought of New Jersey as a kind of paradise. To him, he had to suffer on this world in order to go to paradise  in order to drink wine and have sex with at least 72 virgins and then others if he wanted to He hated me and was jealous of me because I had been to New Jersey.' Bankrupt? Dubai's main investment fund seeks debt payment delay Berlusconi is named `Rockstar of the Yeary Rolling Stone magazine Vibrational Medicine Scientists Kill Viruses by Blasting them with Resonant Frequencies' Despite sporadic contacts between alQaeda members and Iraq in the 1990s, there was no serious collaboration. The 9/11 attacks actually drove Iraq and alQaeda further apart' Iraq inquiry British officials heard 'drum beats' of war from US before 9/11 Venezuela Chavez calls for new international organisation of left parties' Switzerland to vote this weekend on banning minarets from the country.' Rupert Murdoch, we will truly miss your tabloids with all the hoaxes you pissusless boggar' Randi possibly wrong about the Belgian thought to be in a coma.  (Click Listen to the Story)' Economics of China's secret jails exposed Carte blanche to the Olive grove destroyers!..Israeli human rights organisation Yesh Din reports that there have been no indictments on all 69 complaints it lodged on attacks that destroyed thousands of trees.' Philippine local Police Chief detained after massacre. The killings represent the worst single incident of electionrelated violence in the nations history. ' The government has declared war on thousands of thirsty, marauding camels threatening residents and destroying water mains in Central Australia.' Italian Professor of Medicine makes a startling breakthrough while treating his wife. It's possible he has found a cure for multiple sclerosis Dubai is going bust.. Major govt. owned Investment company asks for a delay in its debt repayments' In Japan, 'Herbivore' Boys Subvert Ideas Of Manhood  Widespread child sexual abuse by Catholic priests in Dublin was covered up for decades by senior clerics' Here is why domestic violence campaigns focus on Women and Girls' Israeli Mossad trainee gets caught planting fake bomb under car, Israeli TV says it hoped the agency's operatives were more effective abroad.' The Nine Nations of China' Canada warned that prisoners turned over to Afghanistan were sexually abused, beaten, stabbed, shocked, and burned.' US refuses to sign antilandmine treaty' The dark side of the internet' Police in Kent have at last acknowledged that arresting people for being too tall might not be a very good idea.' Over a Hundred Massive Icebergs Heading Towards New Zealand (Photos)' Brazil and Iran Welcome To The Luladinejad Axis  When Lula talks, world leaders do listen  I told Obama, I told Sarkozy, I told Merkel  This is not only Lula talking  it's BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, China) talk. ' Computer hacker Gary McKinnon is 'facing a US trial' Iran seizes Nobel winner Shirin Edabi&rsquo;s medal  Times Online' UK banks will be forced to publish the number of staff earning more than 1m under Walker Review proposals' BBC News  Irish Church accused of abuse coverup' Women to be jailed in Mexico for having an abortion' The world's 10 fattest countries Those killed included at least 12 journalists,  making Monday the deadliest single day for journalists anywhere in the world.' Obama must keep in mind that South Asia is a tar pit filled with failed and dysfunctional states, save for one longestablished democracy of 1.2 billion people that is the secondfastestgrowing major economy in the world, a check on China's rising ambitions, and a natural ally of the United States. When Massacres Go Wrong Most of the victims were relatives, lawyers and supporters of Ismael Mangudadatu, a rival of the Ampatuan family. Twentyseven of them were journalists covering the event and fifteen are reported to have been innocent motorists who happened to have been passing by.' Former Colombian general sentenced to 40 years in prison for colluding with rightwing death squads in Mapiripn massacre' The World's Children (Photo Gallery)  Death toll at 57 in Philippine massacre ' The use of condoms and other contraceptives are not to encourage sexual promiscuity, but to give Filipino women, especially mothers, the chance to determine the size of their family and to ensure health, a UN official said Wednesday.' Female victims of Philippines political massacre on  Monday victims shot in genitals' 'What I saw was a bunch of filledin trenches with people's arms and legs sticking out of them. For all I know, we could have killed thousands'. How the mass slaughter of a group of Iraqis went unreported. A Chinese magazine has published an article that details a secret network of detention centers used to prevent aggrieved citizens from lodging complaints against the Chinese government.' This pretty much sums up the situation in Dubai.' The world as you've never seen it before BBC News  Iraq war legitimacy 'questionable'   Well no shit!  Thanks for the info BBC. Brazil President We want to preserve the Amazon, but they will have to pay the price for this preservation because we never destroyed our forest like they mowed theirs down a century ago' Prosecuting American 'War Crimes' The International Criminal Court claims jurisdiction over U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan Billions of human beings lifted out of poverty. That task ought to be viewed with a little respect.' Norway says Iran confiscated Nobel Peace Prize from Iranian activist  this is the first time a Nobel Peace Prize has been confiscated by national authorities' Germany General who defended massacre of Afghani civilians resigns upon revelation of evidence he was lying.' Dubai's Fantasy Island Gamble in the Persian Gulf Comes to an Ugly End Bulgaria We are in contact with aliens' To force a peaceful, vulnerable, misguided UFO fanatic like Gary thousands of miles away from his muchneeded support network is barbaric,' IAEA demands that Iran freeze work on the Qom nuclear facility immediately. ' Ireland 250,000 strike. Media wanted strike to be marked by incidents of hostile general public. Many workers on pickets around the country confided that they were nervous of such a response; such has been the campaign of vilification in the procapitalist press.' Iran confiscates Nobel Peace prize of Iranian human rights lawyer (yes, the actual medal) ' US President Obama wrote a letter to Brazil's President Lula.  Apparently the letter was leaked in Brazil.  Do any Brazil redittors have the text? German labor minister Franz Josef Jung resigned from Merkel's cabinet on Friday On the anniversary of the Munbai attacks, India faces a far more vast and powerful enemy to her liberty  her own government.' A staterun magazine has published an article that details a secret network of detention centers used to prevent aggrieved citizens from lodging complaints against the Chinese government.' On the hunt for China's child snatchers  Swiss to vote on mosque minarets ban' Massacre victims 'shot in genitals' Everyone started running toward us, Ms. Nuez said. We thought there was a fight. Then we saw this guy with blood coming out of his mouth, and the killer right behind him, putting this thing away. I didnt know what it was. Instinctively, Ms. Nuez reached for her camera...' Dubai Tourists imprisoned for sesame seeds, jet lag pills, overthecounter cold medications and painkillers' On the extreme, inescapable limitation of human mind Uganda proposes death penalty for HIV positive gays' unfreeze, Israel  approved 28 new schools for  settlements in the West Bank, a day after it  announced a 10month halt to new residential  building' Interesting Analysis of the US and UK 'special relationship' Sikh advocate brutally beaten, forced to convert to Islam in Pakistan' A meeting of selfstyled freegans is taking place in Bristol, culminating in a meal assembled from waste food. Freegan Mark Boyle is marking his first year of living without cash with a festival of freeconomics. ' A girl of 16 has received 50 lashes in Sudan for wearing a skirt ' Shirin Ebadi won the Nobel Peace Prize for promoting democracy in Iran. The Iranian government confiscated her medal and diploma and is holding it ransom for $410,000.' Israel Greets Start of Settlement Freeze With New Construction' The Swedes found a new use for bunnies.' For 15 months, Binyam Mohamed has watched as 2 British High Court judges have tried to release info conveyed by US intel services to their UK counterparts regarding his torture. But the judges have been thwarted by David Miliband, who said disclosure would threaten Britain's intel sharing with US Sin Patron Stories From Argentina's WorkerRun Factories  there is no law. It only exists for the powerful. We announced that we didn't want to shoot anyone, but...' Dog Meat Mafia  A report into the seedy world of South East Asia's booming dog meat trade Scores killed or hurt in Russia train crash' Islam in the Land of the Rising Sun' 10,000 E. African albinos in hiding after killings' UN climate scientists turn on each other UN Scientist Declares Climategate colleagues Mann, Jones and Rahmstorf should be barred from the IPCC process  They are not credible any more ' President Sarkozy works to get bail for a pedophiliac rapist.' What happens if Dubai goes under?' Philip Morris ordered to pay $300 million to smoker' Military Spending Worldwide' We Are Becoming A Servile State' In Yemen, traditions and chaotic governance block efforts to build a sustainable water supply' A Honduran teacher active in resistance against the coup was kidnapped and then shot, presumably by agents of the illegitimate government. ' The former PM is said to be furious that his reputation could be 'shredded' during the inquiry. Devestating official memo from top law officer warned Blair that the war *IS* illegal. Officer was bullied and ostracized. Bhopal On 3 Dec 1984, clouds of poison leaking from a Union Carbide pesticides plant brought death to thousands in this city. A quarter of a century later, victims of the world's worst industrial disaster are still being born. And still there's been no trial! Pedophile priests protected not only by Church but also by police who decided that the crimes of the Catholic Church were outside their remit' Switzerland votes on Muslim minaret ban' Blair was told Iraq war illegal report' Man Sentenced for Killing Sister over Western Clothes, MakeUp...' Emir of Abu Dhabi to buy Dubai for US$ 80 billion' Wikipedia Losing Volunteers  Many people are getting burnt out when they have to debate about the contents of certain articles again and again... ' Two Afghan teenagers say they were beaten by  American guards, photographed naked, deprived of  sleep and held in solitary confinement at secretive  Bagram black prison run by U.S. Special  Operations forces' Iraq The war was illegal  Then Attorney General Goldsmith was 'pinned to the wall and bullied into keeping quiet' while the Prime Minister kept the Cabinet in the dark  The Chilcot inquiry' UK child protection paranoia Parents who want to accompany their children to Christmas carol services and other festive activities are being officially vetted for criminal records in case they are paedophiles' Why Arabs do not revolt against their corrupt  dictators, 70 million illiterate among other things' Irans government today announced plans to build 10 new uranium enrichment plants' Iraq invasion was of questionable legitimacy, says British diplomat' It seems the pious policewoman and the even more pious judge took no notice of the law which stipulates that Christians are exempt from sharia law, that a child under 18 cannot be whipped or placed in the dock without her family present (Never mind a lawyer)' Dubai bankruptcy is a taste of things to come' Rwanda joins the Commonwealth   Rwanda joined the Commonwealth on Sunday, becoming only the second country which was not formerly a British colony to be admitted to the group.  ' Is Your Seafood Harvested by Slaves? Life is hell for Thailands fishermen slaves, a largely Burmese workforce lured into the Thai fishing industry by brokers' Prime Minister of Vanuatu loses parliamentary seat over blunder' Mysterious 'Saddam Channel' hits Iraq TV Ok what is going on here? Read this and tell me your Opinion' Homemade bomb derailed Russian train, killing at least 39 officials' Driven down by debt, Dubai expats give new meaning to longstay car park (Times online article, Feb 2009)' Swiss minaret vote Projections suggest ban backed.  Another thing added to the ban list.  Geesh.' Moscow  Overpopulated With People and Cars' Somali pirates hijack oil tanker going to US' Denmark approves new precrime arrests ahead of Copenhagen climate protests.  Danish Ministry of Justice states new powers include preemptive detention to 12 hours and apply to international activists. Protesters charged with hindering the police face 40 days in prison. ' One in five HIV sufferers in Africa was infected by medical staff using dirty needles and clinical equipment' Apparently it's not good enough to make homosexuality illegal, now Uganda may go even further and put gays to death  along with anyone who advocates on their behalf According to scientist calculations, considering world economy as in input/output physical engine, global warming can't be stopped unless civilization collapse or building a new nuclear plant a day They talk of Gandhi and in the same breath complain about how things stopped in Tehran! Are they crazy? It took him 30 years. He went back to prison again and again. Seems that many expected events in Iran to unfold like a movie, where bullets miss the good guys and the bad guys are easily beaten.' Blair Adviser Bush Spoke of Iraq Soon After 9/11 ' Honduras democracy Opposition radio 80% of time off air because Army broadcasting powerful signal on same wavelength, particularly when station broadcasting news, opinions against de facto government. On election day, trade union HQ attacked with machine gun fire.' Hugo Chavez could nationalize private banks unless they comply with the law' It gets worse Tony Blair 'asked for Iraq war options in June 2002'  Dubai Has Always Been Bankrupt  Morally and Environmentally' Iran's announces that it intends to build another 10 uranium enrichment plants after international demands for it to stop work on a previouslysecret underground site. Thousands of pages of declassified U.S. documents on the 1989 murders of six prominent Jesuit clerics in EL Salvador, indicate the CIA and U.S. State Department had foreknowledge' General Sir Michael Rose Why I believe Blair should stand trial, and face charges for war crimes' South Korean navy ship rescues North Korean soldier' Kenyans draw weapons over shrinking resources' Journalists protest massacre in Philippines At least  30 members of the press were killed in the largest  attack on the media ever' Where in the World Is the Pakistani Taliban? ' Irans most senior cleric denounced the role of the volunteer militia force known as the Basij in the crackdown against protesters, decreeing that the assailants have acted against religion and must pay blood money to those who were injured or their families.' The Organization of American States (OAS) have condemned the Honduran elections as illegitimate and refused to send observers. So has the United Nations and the European Union, as well as UNASUR and ALBA' Honduran President Manuel Zelaya Requests International Tribunal ' U.A.E. Removes Sunday London Times From Newsstands' IEA changes it's mind on Peak Oil again.  Now says demand for oil in OECD countries has peaked, is in permanent decline.  Really, I hadn't noticed any countries actively reducing their need for oil ??' Dubai Worlds Debt Not Guaranteed by Government ' Africa uses male circumcision to help fight AIDS, but it isn't the sole solution. We have seen new kinds of cancer that were not recorded in Iraq before war in 2003, types of fibrous cancer and bone cancer. These refer clearly to radiation as a cause' Former Miss Argentina dies after ass surgery ' Pirate Bay refuses to shut down. remains elusive. ' Hugo Chavez threatens to nationalize private banks for refusing to lend to the poor and for failing to sufficiently aid in the country's development. Sacked by text, the Indian workers who built Dubai ' We are not a backward people, and we are  capable of fighting for democracy, human and  women's rights in Afghanistan. In fact the only way  these values will be achieved is if we struggle for  them and win them ourselves.' UK again shows no backbone in extradition request.It is quite astonishing that two boys who have been found not guilty in the court in which they were tried have now been sentenced in their absence to three years' imprisonment. ' East Jerusalem should be Palestinian capital, says European Union  Israel accuses EU of destroying prospects of renewed peace talks ' Five British yachtsmen have been detained by the Iranian navy' Maziar Bahari was jailed under the ridiculous assumption that he was a spy because of working with Jason Jones of the Daily Show [VIDEO]' An Italian town's Operation White Christmas aims to kick immigrants out before December 25th.' As flooding continues in the Philippines, with little international aid or publicity, streets become canals and natives quietly adjust to living in a seemingly permanent flood zone instead of on dry land. ' Amy Goodman Detained at Canadian Border, Questioned About Speechand 2010 Olympics' Iran prison doctor for the protestors 'was poisoned', prosecutors say Venice flooded by seasonal high tide' 20 Signs That The U.K. Has Become The Most Oppressive Big Brother Society On Earth' American troops did not expect to play a role in stabilizing Iraq after overthrowing Saddam Hussein, a key adviser to former British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.' Canada's image lies in tatters. It is now to climate what Japan is to whaling.nttttComment is free |nttttThe Guardian A new law has come into force making it a criminal offence for people to cause a nuisance or disturbance in NHS hospitals.' Chinese state media reveal secret, illegal jails' It is a great honor for me to stand here tonight as the first Somali journalist to win this award. By recognizing me, you are also recognizing the courage of the small band of working journalists still in Somalia.' Israeli military now hiring professional trolls  unit forming to fight enemies online' Report Teenage suicide bomber kills Pakistan provincial lawmaker in his house' The party is over in Dubai. It officially ended for the freewheeling emirate late Wednesday afternoon when Dubai World, the governmentcontrolled investment conglomerate, announced a sixmonth standstill on debt repayments.' Northern Ireland  50% rise in new HIV cases in year ' A 26yearold doctor who exposed the torture of jailed protesters in Iran died of poisoning from a delivery salad laced with an overdose of blood pressure medication' North Koreans in shock after the Govt decide to revalue the won currency  existing notes are swapped with new ones at exchange rate of 100 to one, knocking two zeroes off their value!' Smokers who drop cigarette butts in the City face an 80 fine following the launch of a new crackdown. ' What emerges from these 12,000 pages of documents is how the diocese became complicit in hiding, obfuscating and harming children in its flock. Young. Defenseless. Trusting. Sheep to be sure. That, in my mind, makes the diocese as culpable as their childpreying pedophilic priests' In 2008, Israel revoked the residency of 4,577 East Jerusalem Arabs  21 times the average of the previous 40 years.' EU Palestine move enrages Israelis' College girl gets duped into having sex with shaman, only to realise she got conned a few months later. im ashame of my people...' Copenhagen climate change talks must fail, says top scientist  World's leading climate change expert says summit talks so flawed that deal would be a disaster What to Do About Europe's Secret Nuclear Weapons? Israel stripped Palestinians of Jerusalem residency status last year at a faster rate than at any time in the history of the Jewish state' Monbiot The Most Urgent Threat to World Peace is  Canada. The harm this country could do in the next two weeks will outweigh all the good it has done in a century' The Kosovars, Turks, and other Muslims can go home, feel accepted, and build as many minarets as they like. The Swiss on the other hand will eventually be dispossessed of their one and only homeland.' RBS board to quit if chancellor vetoes 1.5bn in bonuses. Winwin?' Oops, Italian police have crashed their most valuable patrol car, a 165,000euro (150,000) Lamborghini.' Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard enraged by Schalit deal, urges PM to kill Hamas prisoners' An international view on Obama's speech at West Point Never Before Has a Speech Felt So False  Russia shifts stance on Iran, Ahmadinejad defiant' U.S. foreign policy to rescuing Muslims or trying to help free them from tyranny  in Bosnia, Darfur, Kuwait, Somalia, Lebanon, Kurdistan, postearthquake Pakistan, posttsunami Indonesia, Iraq and Afghanistan a narrative that says America is dedicated to keeping Muslims down is thriving' Iran's Ahmadinejad betrays Khomeini's promises and plans to phase out state subsidies for food and gas, thus producing an inflation rate of up to 60%. n Indonesia has banned the film Balibo, which depicts the deaths of six foreign journalists in East Timor' A Libyan court sentenced two Swiss businessmen to 16 months in prison for violation of residency laws, just two days after a vote in Switzerland to ban the construction of minarets sparked criticism in the Muslim world.' Islamist group claim Russian train bomb attack' The mayor of a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank has been arrested for disrupting police trying to stop unauthorised construction work saying they acted like animals' Climate change sceptics have been forced to change their own graph showing a decrease in global temperatures after admitting that they got it wrong' In Hong Kong and Taiwan, yesterday's gruesome crime is today's digital cartoon.