 Dutch prosecutors will charge Arab cultural group under hate speech laws for publishing a cartoon that suggests the death of 6 million Jews during World War II is a fabrication ' Slovakian government passes law making it illegal for the Hungarian minority to speak their own language in public' % of Women Who Believe Its OK for Husbands to Hit Them' Drunks raping women at HIV/AIDS refuge in Papua New Guinea western highlands' Former Ontario AG kills a man that was hanging onto his car door by accelerating, swiping him against a mailbox, and running him over. Seriously.' A sense of vengeance is the only thing that keeps me alive.' How Gypsy gangs use child thieves' Strong Indonesia quake kills 15, toll may soar ' 25 year old Iranian protester was allegedly 'killed in prison' Secret spy plane used to rescue lost politician.' Ali gets hero's welcome in Ireland In the Congo, midwives need the means to accomplish their noble goal of saving women through direct intervention, HIV/AIDS counseling, and nutrition. This is truly a grassroots effort with a humble beginning that literally transforms grass and roots into lifesupporting energy.' Two car bombs explode in Athens and Salonika, damaging the Athens Stock Exchange and lightly wounding one woman.' Once limited in the Mediterranean sea, now governmentbacked Israel Piracy is expanding to European Waters' Japan's new First Lady I rode to Venus on a UFO' Pakistan population time bom Gov't Contractors  Are they all either wackos and/or greedy SOBs?  Lord of the Flies environment at US Embassy Afghanistan' Ten Years Of Freedom In East Timor' Lockerbie bomber paper trail leads to Gordon Brown' Teen heroin addiction out of control' Population Growth Expected to Cause a Food, Water and Energy Crisis by 2030' Olympic Committee Report Finds No Clear Front Runner For 2016 Games' Radio program, Magic Touch, uses Entertainment Education to promote social change at a local level' The president's cousin Odinga has created mass violence in attempting to overturn a legitimate election in 2007, in Kenya. It is the first widespread violence in decades. `Amanzi Ngawethu' (water is ours)  Health and environmental victories for South African activists (with great video) World's Chief Nuclear Inspector Calls Iranian Threat 'Hyped' Norway's pension fund drops Israeli company Elbit Systems Ltd. for ethical reasons as the company supplies surveillance equipment used to monitor the separation wall between Israel and the West Bank Not one penny of the $5bn pledged to the Palestinians has reached Gaza' Azerbaijan jails two kids for making funny YouTube video critical of government' Remember the ship that was hijacked andthen not hijacked before being rescued by the Russian navy? Well the editor who suggested it might have been carrying illegal arms has been threatened and has had to flee Russia' The US has halted all nonhumanitarian aid ($200m) to Honduras in the wake of the coup there in June' Bristol puts the decision to keep or erase graffiti in the hands of the internet. This can only end well.' On one occasion we had it reported to us that at least one member of that family was seen to pick up ducklings in the park and kill them by throwing them against trees. ' CHINA Chinese police arrest parents protesting blood lead poisoning in their children' Mormon missionaries kicked out of Guyana, LDS  has previously collaborated with Guyana's main  political opposition  China Urumqi quiets down after protest against syringe attacks' A controversial Kiwi mayor is being accused of bullying a group of primary school children after he sent them a letter urging them to sack their teacher.' What if they were Muslims?' Needle stabbings lead to protests in China  Fifteen people have been detained for allegedly stabbing people with tainted syringes in ethnically motivated attacks ...' Forty people killed in drugrelated Mexico violence' US commanders report paves way for military escalation in Afghanistan!' Arguments due in high school football death trial' Canadian Government appeals asylum ruling for South African' Australia has experienced its warmest August on record amid soaring winter temperatures.' Indonesia quake death toll at 46, likely to rise' Outspoken Arctic Sea ship commentator flees Russia' Thailand Time for democracy movement to be clear about how to fight' A Korean camera crew in Gaza documented one of the most heroic actions we have ever seen. It is also a video of some hope. Her courageous action seems, at least, momentarily successful.' Don't speculate about what the Arctic Sea was carrying when it was 'hijackes' in the Baltic, if you live on Russia China is buying the equivalent of $50 billion of the first bond sale by the International Monetary Fund.' A sixyearold girl has become a media darling in China on her first day of school by expressing her aspiration to become a corrupt official when she grows up' Antibodies found that prevent HIV from causing severe AIDS' South African man commits suicide after bureaucrat  ripped up ID papers needed for a jo The war on drugs is immoral idiocy While Latin American countries decriminalise narcotics, Britain persists in prohibition that causes vast human suffering' Chinas Muslim Uyghurs Forbidden to Fast During  Ramadan, Face Severe Oppression' French filmmaker who did documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador was shot dead ' 6th largest hydroelectric dam in the world, SayanoShushenskaya Dam, explosion. ' While the movie rakes it in at the box office, the inhabitants of the real District 9 are facing forced relocation' Musicians push back against Record Labels in UK going after file sharers.' Now Colonel Gaddafi wants to 'abolish' Switzerland Dictator files bizarre motion with the U.N. Mehdi Karroubi One of the victims of rape in Iranian prisons has disappeared, and that former Tehran general prosecutor and his representatives are responsible for any unfortunate event that may happen to him or his family.  ' The latest target of Mexico's drug violence rehab centers.  18 recovering addicts were lined up against a wall and gunned down yesterday. North Korea announces to the UN it is 'enriching uranium for second arsenal of nuclear weapons' in a new provocation to the international community The woman who blew the whistle on convicted paedophile and former New South Wales minister Milton Orkopoulos has asked the Queen to intervene in what she calls her pursuit for justice.nnThe incident put Ms Sneddon out of a jo North Korea Close To Finalising Nuclear Enrichment' Young men spray hoses in a carwashing contest and play pool. Children make paper crowns in an art class, while their parents have a picnic. This is Islamic summer camp, and it's part of Saudi Arabia's campaign to eliminate alQaida. This is not an Onion article. AlShabab Leader Threatens Somaliland' CHINA Police patrolling Urumqi as conflict between Han and Uyghurs becomes a real possibility' Could this be what the euphoria of hypocrisy feels like?' Security chief arrested in Mexico' Qaddafi proposes abolishing Switzerland' North Korea said it is weaponizing plutonium and enriching uranium and told the United Nations to choose between talks or imposing sanctions over its nuclear program.' Australia is in a high population growth phase and has been for much of this decade.' Critics from the left and the right are making sharper and sharper attacks on Obama's policies toward Sudan and Darfur. TurkeyArmenia Peace Talks A Thaw in a CenturyOld Feud? ' Banksy is ruined by mistake  The building's owner was in tears as she begged workmen to stop. Toddler wanders away from wilderness campsite in the Yukon. Found safe but thirsty 25 hours later with a new friend.' Israeli army fires tear gas directly at media crew. Cursing and tear gas canister dodging reporter, caught on tape.' Chavez The state of Israel has become a murderous lackey at the service of imperialism. It's a genocidal government. I condemn that Zionist government that persecutes the heroic Palestinian people. ' A firm of Saudi lawyers, claiming to act on behalf of descendants of the Islamic prophet Muhammad, has demanded printed and multilingual apologies from Danish newspapers who reprinted cartoons of Muhammad, and that all pictures on the Internet be removed permanently' China powers ahead as it seizes the green energy crown from Europe. China is running away with the green technology prize. It has conquered anthird of the world market for solar cells and is on a breakneck course tonbuild 100 gigawatts of wind turbines by 2020...' Violent clashes on the streets of the UK's 2nd biggest city as antiIslamist protesters clash with Muslims and their supporters Italian tourist faces jail in Brazil for kissing his daughter on a public beach' AN air strike in northern Afghanistan that killed up to 90 people hit at the heart of plans for a tactical change in the Western military strategy against Talibanlinked insurgents.' How the dolphins being massacred to satisfy a food fetish are poisoning the Japanese who eat them' Josef Stalin 'returns' to Moscow metro Venezuela Killing Goes on as 451 Slain in Caracas' Bolivian Press Slams Brutal Police Aggression' China Fires Urumqi Communist Party Chief' China's southern province installs 1 mln cameras to monitor crimes Colombian Authorities Seize 2 Tons of Cocaine' Thieves invade Brazilian radio station and rob announcer on the air' A Billion Teenagers, for Better or Worse' Suffering and struggle in rural China' Hizbullah silent over report that group got chemical weapons' Brown urges G20 to keep spending to avoid prolonging recession' Ngilu Kenya the most waterpoor nation' World population will excede 9 billion by 2050 ' World population to reach 9.4 billion by 2050, report says' In an act of publishing cowardice, Cond Nast has gone to extraordinary lengths to prevent Russians from reading a GQ article criticizing Vladimir Putin.' Irish SameSex Marriage Ad a Surprise Hit on YouTube' Is America ready to admit defeat in its 40year war on drugs?' Cargo ship that vanished in the Channel was carrying arms to Iran and was being tracked by Mossad' Nicaraguan police hand over MS13 boss to Interpol in Managua' 'Massive' ancient wall uncovered in Jerusalem Mother fights off cougar during attack on son, 5 using a water bottle.' China's polluters are protected by a lack box' of secrecy as local governments withhold information As Anne tried to record the protest, against the opening of a municipal carpark on the Jewish Sabbath, the mob spat on her repeatedly.' Arctic Sea ghost ship 'was carrying weapons to Iran'  Canadian legal history could be made this week when a Quebec man finds out whether he will become this country's first drunk driver to be declared a dangerous offender. Cigarette makers sue over tobacco law' China Web Sites Seeking Users Names' Mother comes out against Dutch girl's solo sail trip China warning to syringe stabbers' IMF provides $510m loan for Zimbabwe  its first to the country in a decade' US plotted ZiaulHaqs plane crash ExPak IB chief' Hong Kong voices concerns over beating up of journalists in Urumqi' Ghana Senior UN official calls for urgent measures to mitigate impact of landslides' North Korea says uranium program near completion' Gun control laws. No use to carry a weapon when someone pulls up to you and unloads an AK47 rifle before you can even say FUUUUUUUUUUUUU...' Afghan officials disqualify votes from 450 polling places' Vietnam Nations population soars to 85.8m' When will it stop being cool to hate the United States, Israel, and Republicans, and instead hate on the real bad guys out there Mugabe, Al Bashir, alQaddafi, Than Shwe, etc.' China Syringewielding assailants may face death' North Korea unleashed walls of water from one or more of its dams on Sunday, sending a flash flood roaring through the heavily armed border with South Korea and sweeping away six South Koreans' Swedish charityrun hospital in Afghanistan says  U.S. troops tied up staff, searched female wards  and toilets ' Hemp Ethanol will Only Cost 50 cents per Gallon' She faced up to 40 lashes for wearing pants considered too tight' Saskatchewan gets first new cities in almost a century. For those who have never been to Saskatchewan, a city is a place where the gas station and restaurant are in separate buildings' North Korea 'Worst building in the history of mankind' gets a face lift  16 years late the 105 story Ryugyong Hotel gets glass. U.S. leads world in foreign weapons sales report' Europe bans incandescent bulbs' Prisoner 1447523's name is Rosalio Reta. He was born and raised in Texas. By the age of 13 he was an assassin for one of Mexico's drug cartels.  US boosts its share of arms sales, increasing its share to more than twothirds of all foreign armaments deals' Strikes and occupations spread across Ireland as the government gives billions to the wealthy and shifts the burden of the economic crisis onto the backs of working people.' Official abducted in front of 2,000 people in Mexico' Karzai It is in noone's interest to have an Afghan president who has become an American puppet...As far as the elections are concerned, there was fraud in 2004, there is today, there will be tomorrow' It was an unprecedented surveillance operation involving hundreds of police officers, and a plot that prosecutors said was unparalleled in its terrible ambition' Japan's next leader has promised a big cut in greenhouse gas emissions, saying he will aim for a 25% reduction by 2020 compared to 1990 levels Iran  Mousavis Facebook page claims staff office attacked' Accusation fly at IAEA over Iran ' Venezuela's Chavez stars at Venice filmfest. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was the star of the Venice film festival Monday as he turned up for the screening of veteran US director Oliver Stone's documentary on his peaceful revolution.' Finland's NBI no knowledge of alleged weapons cargo on Arctic Sea  Sunday Times says ship carried missiles stolen from Russian military Antinuclear tractor rally in Berlin [vid]' fake arabs vs iranians (iranians are not arab) arabs have invaded iran more than 10 times looking for food,job,water and land..many of them stayed ' Protests grows among Filmmakers in the Toronto International Film Festival for celebrating Israel by the spotlight on TelAviv without mentioning the suffering of Palestinians when they were kicked out their lands to create this modern city (as portrayed in the films' selection).' In Italy, An Offended Berlusconi Goes on the Offensive' Sudan  Lubna Hussein Convicted, Ordered to Pay 146 or Go to Prison for a Month, in Infamous Trousers Trial Case' There are 23,574 nuclear weapons in the world' Israel's army is changing. Once proudly secular, its combat units are now filling with those who believe Israel's wars are God's wars.' Iceland kills 93 endangered fin whales' The Maldives (very much under threat by global warming) does not have the money to send its president to a climate summit  is looking for someone to pay for the trip.' Spanish judge resumes torture case against six senior Bush lawyers' Based largely on one informant's assessment, the commander ordered a 500pound, satelliteguided bomb to be dropped on each truck. The vehicles exploded in a fireball that lit up the night sky for miles, incinerating many of those standing nearby Dozens of filmmakers, artists and activists have signed on to a campaign denouncing the Toronto International Film Festival for celebrating the films of Tel Aviv seen as part of Israeli Propaganda Machine.' A leading Saudi cleric has called on Muslims not to pray for the destruction of unbelievers. And the rest of the world says thanks.' Good news for harried travellers who resent having to remove their shoes at Canadian airport security checkpoints Now you can just say no' Two Norwegians being condemned to death live (French, English and Norwegian)' CNN Two former Norwegian soldiers sentenced to death in Congo' Vietnamese and US officials meet in Hanoi to discuss further funding efforts to help those affected by the use of Agent Orange during the Vietnam War' Arctic Sea Iran arms link would make an excellent script for a James Bond movie, with journalists fleeing their country, the FSB, Mossad, Iran, MI5, etc.' Israeli Transport Minister promises to invest millions in Jewish Hebron. For the record, Hebron has a total of 500 Israeli (mostly rightwing) settlers fighting to displace 250,000 Palestinians.' Samoa switches to driving on the left, becoming the first country since the 1970s to change the side of the road on which cars are driven.' We were seen as less than human in those days. We were less than the flora and the fauna..' Large earthquake strikes nation of Georgia' Gabon's First Lady lives on food stamps AFP Brazil set to buy 36 hitech French fighter jets' AP BEIJING  Two employees of a WalMart store in eastern China were arrested after a woman was beaten outside the store on suspicion of being a shoplifter and died, a stateowned newspaper reported Tuesday.' Sri Lankan doctors have been freed from jail, though they may not yet be free to speak openly' Three guilty of airline bomb plot to rival 9/11. That's Better Than the US Record even with Gitmo. I have no reason to call him the devil...With Obama we can talk, we are almost from the same generation, one can't deny that he is different (from Bush). He's intelligent, he has good intentions and we have to help him.' China's web sites complying with secret government orders, require new users log on under their true identities to post comments Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Monday he hoped to be able to work more closely with President Barack Obama.' Romania busts Israeli human eggtrafficking ring' British nurse who was struck off the register for secretly filming the lack of care for the elderly at a Brighton hospital has been nominated for a national award' Denmark will foot the bill for the Maldives to attend climate conference.' Teenage Solo Yachtswoman A teenage girl about to embark on a circumnavigation... crashes into a ship on her first day at sea.' British commando dies in raid to free NYT reporter' Walmart employees in China beat woman to death for shoplifting.' Blackwater Mercenaries in Pakistan [VIDEO]' Repeat drunk driver given life sentence, in order to protect the public.' Israeli war on Gaza killed 252 children report' Vietnam By 2035, the surplus of adult men would be 10 percent or more of the female population' Aeromexico's hijacked plane lands in Mexico City. Hijacker demands to talk with mexico's president. The question is not whether the Israelis want to exterminate the Palestinians. They're doing it openly. What was it, if not genocide?' The destruction of hundreds of schools during fighting between the Pakistani army and Taliban militants has left more than half a million children with little hope of education' Skull find rewrites the history of man' Dozens killed as devastating floods hit Turkey  The amount of rain that has fallen in two days roughly equals what normally falls in six months in the Turkish province' How much more a graduate earns over a lifetime [chart]' The Japanese publisher East Press has sold 45,000 copies of the manga version of Adolf Hitler's manifesto Mein Kampf Scientists Isolate Antibodies That Stop HIV From Turning Into AIDS' The first urban train network in the Gulf opens  in Dubai  longest driverless train system in the world' In a bid to control political dissent, offices of Ahmadinejad's opposition leaders have been raided.  Dutch authorities to prosecute Arab European League for showing cartoon that discriminates against Jews on its website; it shows two men in suits discussing how to boost the number of people killed during the holocaust' Behind the Veil lives a thriving Muslim Sexuality' Canada to set off bombs in Washington. The Canadian government will set off several fake bombs at its Washington embassy compound this month to demonstrate its NATO combat role in Afghanistan.' Sumit Purdani, a Sydney student from Delhi, tells Nick Bryant that many of his Indian friends in Australia have, like him, been the victim of racist attacks' From sexy to Godwin's Law in 30 seconds  AIDS is a Mass Murderer ads hit German newspapers and TV' South of the Border  Oliver Stone's Documentary on Hugo Chavez and the Emerging Political Order in South America Decades of inbreeding is causing immense suffering for pedigree dogs, who are plagued by painful and deadly genetic diseases as a result of breeding for appearance, a UK investigation has found.' U R Gay  Uruguay becomes the first Latin American country to legalize gay marriage' Stephen Harper secretly recorded  If we do not win a majority, this country will have a liberal government propped up by the socialists and the separatists.' Well This Isn't Scary  60th Anniversary of People's Republic of China Celebration Page Looks Like It Was Made By the Onion, But Its Real It turns out that South African goldmedallist Semenya is a hermaphrodite.n' MYANMAR About 5 billion dollars from Total and Chevron flow into juntas secret accounts' Australia Solves Doctor Shortage With Caffeine' The mystery of Chernobyl The abandoned town of Pripyat has become a wildlife haven. There have been sightings of wolves, bears and moose wandering through the deserted streets, and swifts swoop round abandoned office blocks' Businessman at the heart of the sex scandals surrounding Berlusconi told prosecutors he supplied 30 women for parties hosted by the Prime Minister...' WTF Big Oil fills the coffers of Myanmar junta to the tune of $5bn for a controversial gas pipeline, and deprive the country of vital income by depositing the money in offshore bank accounts' Last year, while the U.S. government was spending nearly $100 million a day on military efforts in Afghanistan, an Oxfam report put the total amount of humanitarian aid to the country from all sources at just $7 million per day. Not much has changed since then.' Poll asks Americans which countries the US should protect if they're attacked. Canada tops the list, followed by Great Britain, Mexico, Israel and Freedonia Hermaphrodite South Africa's Caster Semenya has male and female sexual organs. Hugo Chvez Venezuela is joining in recognition of the independence of the republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Dmitri Medvedev We will supply Venezuela with all the weapons that they request.' During WWII the proNazi Vichy regime of France stole a John Constable painting from a Jewish family, eventually making its way to a Swiss museum. Now a relative of the original owner wants it back in the family, but the Swiss legal system says no.' A Helsinki District Court has fined a member of the City Council EUR 330 for violating the sanctity of religion.  Jussi Hallaaho, the defendant, has called Islam the religion of paedophilia.' The IDF 'investigates' the number killed during Operation 'Cast Lead' and they conclude more Hamas killed than not. Human rights organization Nope, you have it the other way around, by a long shot. The 'most moral army in the world' trying to cover up the truth? Perish the thought! French President Nicolas Sarkozy has announced plans for a new carbon tax' Video  The War on Democracy  Coup d'etat in Venezuela in 2002. The use of child soldiers is rightfully condemned worldwide. But when teens take on the Taliban, they're termed 'voluntary militias' and celebrated.  The last work of New York Times' Sultan Munadi, abducted by Taliban,  killed in the Natoled raid that freed his British Colleague.nt Alan Turing  Gordon Brown issues an apology on the treatment of the father of computer science, after being petitioned.' Colombia is excavating its civil war dead for the first time  sometimes by going into active war zones' Haiti and Global Family Planning' Soaring Population May Swamp AntiPoverty Goals' 8.7 million North Koreans are starving There are no farm animals, virtually no machinery. You know there's a problem when people have eaten all the livestock. ' Raped and beaten for daring to question President Ahmadinejad's election  Times Online Iraq shoe thrower, Muntadar alZaidi's release to be Celebrated on Monday Thatcher in secret meeting with Gorby The reunification of Germany is not in the interests of Britain and Western Europe....We do not want a united Germany.' What's problematic for me is it really humanises the guy. Wait, what? Isn't the point that even terrorists are human, and that we should be aware that humans are capable of evil? Dehumanizing them just makes the problem tougher to tackle.' Australian teenager faces 7 years in jail for organising her own home abortion in the first such prosecution in Australia in over 50 years' Thatcher told Gorbachev Britain did not want German reunification  Times Online' This rewriting of history is spreading Europe's poison. Blaming the USSR for the second world war is not only absurd  it boosts the heirs of the Nazis' wartime collaborators' MOSCOW  For hundreds of years, mariners have dreamed of an Arctic shortcut that would allow them to speed trade between Asia and the West. Two German ships are poised to complete that transit for the first time, aided by the retreat of Arctic ice that scientists have linked to global warming.n' Putin warns against Iran attack' Slovenia says it is ready to lift its block on Croatia's bid to join the European Union UK could face blackouts by 2016.  Public wants to maintain current lifestyle while opposing wind farms, nukes and energy imports.' Paul Hill I was charged with seven counts of murder and was sentenced in October 1975 to life in prison. In 1989, I was freed because Scotland Yard's antiterrorist police seriously misled the court, in fact they must have lied in their doctoring and manufacturing of evidence,'' said the judge' David Miliband MI6 is being investigated by the police over allegations of torture for the first time. It follows a similar investigation already launched into MI5n' Hacker infiltrates the Sky News website and tampered with a petition to support the proposed television debate between the main party leaders, renaming it The Windbag Debate Petition. ' Berlusconi Says He Won't Resign Over Sex Scandal Chen Shuibian, the former president of Taiwan who had been on trial since March for corruption, and his wife Wu Shuchen have been fined $15 million and sentenced to life in prison.' Mexico's growing obesity problem.  Under the cloak of nightfall, dozens of freshly hatched sea turtles beat tiny flippers against the wet sands of Miami Beach, inching their way toward the ocean and a life aquatic' Nanny State? Police checks for people taking children to sports games.' MI6 officers facing torture claims (We can confirm that the Attorney General asked the Metropolitan Police to investigate a case that was a referral from the Secret Intelligence Service)' Taliban Control Spreads in Afghanistan' Former President of the Republic of China (Taiwan) sentenced to life imprisonment' They stalked Pepe through the backlands of Colombia for three days in June before executing him in a clearing about 60 miles from here with shots to his head and heart. But after a snapshot emerged of soldiers posing over his carcass, the group suddenly found itself on the defensive.' Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill, who released the Lockerbie bomber, has a brother who is an energyindustry exec and who has worked at firms that have pitched for oil business in Libya' Anonymous Declares War on Australia' Two German freighters have successfully navigated the North East Passage along the northern coast of Russia. This is the first time it has been this icefree in 5,0007,000 years.' UN The world is overarmed and peace is underfunded with global military spending estimated at over $1 trillion and rising every day' For a Bounced Check in Dubai, the Penalty Can Be Years in Jail ' China uses fear to hush up poisoned children' Heart wrenching documentary about the Children of North Korea Children of the Secret State.' Ukraine President claims Kremlin is shielding his wouldbe killers' Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez has announced that the country will soon take delivery of Russian missiles with a range of 300km  Cousin had to retrieve Afghan reporter's body after raid The Arctic Monopoly Taking Stock of North Pole Riches  Oil and natural gas are luring the major powers to the Arctic. More information is available today than ever before about the location and abundance of the region's riches. The seductive lure of Mexico's drug lords Hundreds of tax inspectors raid Argentina's largest newspaper British police to investigate MI6, the secret intelligence service, over alleged complicity in torture' Vladimir Putin, Russias prime minister, dropped his strongest hint so far on Friday that he might try to return to the Kremlin and run in the 2012 presidential election.' Fidel Castro loses his righthandman as Juan Almeida Bosque dies from fatal heart attack' Colombia shows videos of hostages held 11 years' Harrow Mosque Muslim Riot' Samoa just became the first country since the 1970s to switch to driving on the opposite side of the road.' Iran signals no compromise on nuclear issue' Canada scrambles at UN to save 'superagency' for women Bolivia's vicepresident defends MAS governments record Haiti and global family planning  The Birth of Global Family Planning' Israeli war film 'Lebanon' wins Golden Lion in Venice Before your read this article, please consider that only three percent of those at Abu Gharib were detained by American intelligence The rest were reported by corrupted Iraqi and Afghani groups. The burning for AbuGharib is a victory for freedom, not the other way around.' Remember those 'map of the world' islands in Dubai? They're now just a collection of deserted sandy blots that are a shipping hazard. Far from protecting us and our children, the war on drugs is making the world a much more dangerous place...legalise drugs!' Has Osama Bin Laden been dead for seven years  and are the U.S. and Britain covering it up to continue war on terror?' A British study which examined the records of 600,000 patients has cast doubt on the supposed link between cannabis use and schizophrenia' How Islamist gangs use internet to track, torture and kill Iraq's gays Deformed fish are being landed and served as sightseers flock to view toxic WWII munitions raised from the floor of Lake Thun, Switzerland' When Cocaine and Monsanto's Pesticide, Roundup Collide' Venezuela Invests Surplus Oil Dollars in Education, Housing, and Industry  ' Australia Labor MP calls for population control' UK govt pressured to scale back plans for a big brother child protection database which will force millions of parents to undergo paedophile and criminal checks' Indian detention of UAE plane a case of spying, says Chinese expert' 'I told the US to talk to the Taliban. They jailed me'  He was the man they called the mullah with a human face, the internet mullah, or the Rudolph Hess of the Taliban.  Farmers wage turf battle with Japan air force Antiwar farmers near an air base northeast of Tokyo have infiltrated the base by working plots of land and have surrounded it with 'peace parks.' The government seeks to buy them out, but in vain North Korea 'planning third nuke test' Suspects named on United Nations terror list living free in Britain' Tensions flare in Lebanon' Hundreds arrested in deadly Uganda riots' Afghan official promises to obey recount order' Moments of terror as Emirates flight disappears from radar' NATO fighter jets violate Pak airspace over Khyber agency' Afghan election Pressure grows for Hamid Karzai to strike a deal' MI5 warns that young Brits heading for terrorist training Somalia soaring' Campaign for male participation in family planning breaks ground in Dumaguete' COHA Report, Haiti and Global Family Planning' in Canada the drug czar slams Harper gov't as he exits. ...warondrugs approach has utterly failed over the past 40 years and must come to an end. The emperor truly has no clothes in this case, said his email.' Remember that rave' attractive looking Danish woman who was using YouTube to find the father of her kid? Turns out it was just viral marketting aimed at getting more tourists to go to Denmark. I'll Love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living my baby you'll be!. Robert Munsch get on to the Canada Walk of Fame! Anyone else love this book when they were little? Sweden's Pirate Party Makes The Web A Political Cause Objects to two laws  one allows nauthorities to monitor phone, fax and email traffic ncrossing the country's borders. The other, a European Union directive allows copyright holders to find out the Internet addresses of file sharers The Danish Military seeks to censor Elite Soldier's tellall book that contains information about special operations even the Danish Parliament was not privy to Russia agrees to lend Venezuela $2bn to buy weapons  100 tanks and a series of antiaircraft rocket systems from Russia' US puts Europeans on alert to provide more troops for Afghan campaign' New UK rules effective next month Human tissue can be taken for humananimal hybrid embryo experiments without donors' consent; ethics experts, patients' groups and churches consider change as absolutely frightening ' China broke ground on its fourth space center Monday, highlighting the country's soaring space ambitions six years after it sent its first man into orbit. Foreign troops raid south Somalia village witnesses' Israeli paper thinks its impossible to remove half a million Israeli settlers behind the 1967 borders because it will cost too much. Funny, I don't remember the French being compensated for evacuating Algeria Amnesty International Authorities in Serbia have failed to protect human rights and gay activists. Physical attacks and threats to the lives and property of human rights activists are seldom promptly and impartially investigated by the authorities and few perpetrators are brought to justice.' Israel discovers new way to anger world Jews  Fears that Jew numbers will soon decline are behind an ad campaign that raised hackles of the American Jewish community.' Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care, the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening,' the Islamic population remains vibrant in India whereas the Hindu population is in freefall in both Bangladesh and Pakistan because of the nature of Islam and its theory of superiority, dhimmitude, and inequality in law which is sanctioned by Islamic Sharia law.' The U.N. Environment Programme says that underground water supplies shared by Egypt, Israel and  most vulnerably  Gaza, could collapse due to years of overuse and contamination worsened by conflict.  ... damage could take centuries to reverse.' How many posts per day is it allowed to submit in the worldnews subreddit? What is the number before considering such act as flooding?' Italy City of Naples hires excons to escort tourists through crimeplagued Italian city  A case of putting the fox in charge of the henhouse?' Venezuela gets $2.2 billion in credit for Russian arms ' Vestas refused to allow anyone to deliver food to us... I lost almost 20 kg and someone else had to go to hospital because of low bloodsugar levels... Activists of various tendencies were found there, even UNICEF supported us, due to the fact that we were not receiving food.' Osama bin Laden justifies 9/11 attacks in address to the American people but bin Laden losing support among Muslims, and why the hell can't we find Osama with $25 million reward  CIA will tell ya  its hard when Pakistan approves every move. When Barack Obama became president and retained many of the Bush administration's military leaders, such as Defence Secretary Robert Gates, reasonable people knew that Obama is a powerless man who will not be able to end the war as he promised, said Osama bin Laden.' Breaking Under new legislative reform, Scientology cannot be banned from France even if it is found guilty of fraud in the current trial. ' World Population Growth.' Airline plot trio get life terms' The Church of Scientology won't be dissolved in France, due to a typo in an obscure law voted two weeks before the Church went to trial, which explicitly prevents this.' New virus from rats can kill 80 per cent of human victims' The gruesome spectacle of dolphins being slaughtered for profit has returned to Taiji, Japan despite growing international condemnation' The End of Innocence in Afghanistan 'The German Air Strike Has Changed Everything'  The incident has given a black eye to a country whose politicians have never been shy of telling others what's best in Afghanistan.' France approves Internet piracy bill' The Rural Doctors Association says right now there is a shortfall of 1,800 doctors across regional Australia.nnBut medical recruiters say even when qualified doctors from overseas want to work here, they are being held up by a bureaucratic delay.' Al Jazeera English  Africa  Shabab to avenge US raid in Somalia' How Sri Lanka governs through detentions  Sri Lankan officials defend the country's postwar use of antiterrorism rules. Two months after the Pakistani Army wrested control of the Swat Valley from Taliban militants, a new campaign of fear has taken hold, with scores, perhaps hundreds, of bodies dumped on the streets in what human rights advocates and local residents say is the work of the military' N. Korean cargo ship repels pirates off Somali coast official' Canada Stephen Harper attempts to prop up regime that has authorized its intelligence service to spy on and intimidate human rights defenders, journalists, lawyers and even magistrates from the Supreme Court who have been investigating political scandals.' New geological data provides hope for claims by Denmark and Greenland to maritime areas in the Arctic Ocean' Ukraine set to block Elton John adoption because gay union is not a marriage and because he is too old' German plane makes emergency landing' Street artist catches chief of the Israeli army with his pants down' In an equine echo of the controversy surrounding South African athlete Caster Semenya, authorities ordered hormone tests for the fouryearold Newcastle mare Tuscan Abbe after she staged a convincing race meet win.' UPDATE 5New York homes raided in terrorism probe' Population Growth Impeding Progress on the MDGs?' Global Population to Reach 7 Billion by 2011' Government Funded Feminist Porn ' Can someone enlighten me reHoly Land disputes?' Human Rights Watch official suspended for collecting Nazi memorabilia' Europe now richer than America North America's wealth has now fallen the most out of any other region in the world, allowing Europe to step up to the plate as the world's richest continent The ORIGINAL execution video of Sri Lankan soldiers executing Tamil civilians. As the ground around them lay drenched in blood, civilian is shot on after the other [NSFWUNCENSOREDGRAPHIC]' Banana sex cult leader splits after raid' New UN Report Released Today The Israeli military operation [in Gaza] was directed at the people of Gaza as a whole, in furtherance of an overall and continuing policy aimed at punishing the Gaza population, and in a deliberate policy of disproportionate force aimed at the civilian population.' A UN mission concludes that war crimes were  committed in Gaza' IAEA Conceals Evidence Iran Nuclear Documents Provided by the CIA Were Forged' Israel readies for diplomatic war over iased' UN Gaza report   Haaretz Israel moves to discredit 'war crimes' report Cat reunited with family, 3 years and 3,800km later' Recession Ghost Fleet The biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history lies at anchor east of Singapore.  It is bigger than the U.S. and British navies combined but has no crew, no cargo and no destination.' US govt warns to weigh laptop when going to china  (Chinese hacking makes your laptop heavier, all those extra electrons)' Workingclass gay men, police stand off in Guangzhou' Today we celebrate 199 years of independence in Mexico.' Jane Fonda ...it can become counterproductive to inflame rather than explain and this means to hear the narratives of both sides, to articulate the suffering on both sides, not just the Palestinians' UN claims grave breaches of the laws of war against Israel in Gaza Inquiry; Israel responds by attacking the findings as being Conceived in Sin  instead of answering to them.' Human Rights Watch analyst suspended over Nazi memorabilia' U.S. raid in Somalia could win valuable intelligence, however, the attack could inflame antiWestern opinion.  Lack of civilian casualties seen as boost for military.' UK motorists with uninsured cars face 1,000 fines even if they are locked away in a garage or kept on a driveway' Change we can believe in Obama fulfilling his vow to regain America's moral stature in the world by extending PATRIOT ACT, giving Bagram detainees even fewer rights than the ones at Gitmo' Nepal's capital city, Kathmandu, has run out of goats to sacrifice just days before the country's biggest religious festival of the year Argentine Government FastTracking Controversial Media Law' EU farmers in white heat over milk prices' Cuban police arrest editor of independent digital newspaper' Damn it CNN if your are going to cover a press conference with the Canadian PM have someone that can translate the French.' Unable to voice their opposition in the streets of Tehran, some Iranians have expanded their online efforts to venues like Second Life.' They promised each other that if one died, the other would wear a limegreen dress to the funeral.  On September 15th, Kevin Elliot died in Afghanistan  and his friend kept his promise.' District 9 highlights South Africa housing crisis  Movie shows shacks for aliens, where many blacks still live 15 years after apartheid.' The Suicide Terrorism Database in Australia holds information on 90 per cent of all suicide attacks between 1981 and 2006. Analysis of that information yields some interesting clues It is politics more than religious fanaticism that has led terrorists to blow themselves up.n' Iraqi shoethrower Muntazer alZaidi 'was waterboarded' Israel on Wednesday rejected a U.N. panel's call to open an independent inquiry into its wartime conduct in the Gaza Strip and launched a diplomatic campaign to thwart any prosecution of its soldiers in an international tribunal UK Tories vow to remove surveillance state if they are voted in. I don't believe them, and neither should you.  Australian man kept daughter prisoner, raped daily her for 30 years and fathered four children with her  Could be worse than Fritzl' The Gay Sons of Allah Wave of Homophobia Sweeps the Muslim World (Good article on the extent and the roots of the growing persecution of gays)' China's cancer villages bear witness to economic boom' Airstrike in Yemen Said to Kill 80' Mohammed is now the most popular name for baby boys in London' Gunmen burst into a drug treatment center in the northern Mexican border city of Ciudad Juarez and shot to death 10 people, the second such mass killing this month' 4, 15, 23, 24, 35, and 42 Winning numbers in Bulgaria in Sep 6 and again in Sep 10. What are the odds? Eyebrows raised' China in huge Venezuela oil deal' The US will abandon its plan to develop a missile defence system in Poland and the Czech Republic' The Unsolved Killings of 17 Journalists in Russia' For the first time [after] 21 years of dictatorship and the 18 years of chaos that followed, Somalias leader has both widespread grassroots support and extensive help from outside nations' 'The Day Afghanistan Was Lost' Aussie Basement Dad Victorian father 'raped daughter for 30 years', had 4 children all with birth defects Netanyahu builds on Obama's weakness  Obama's hesitation on Israeli settlements could put the US in danger. A Christian man detained on blasphemy charges was found dead in his jail cell on Tuesday in eastern Pakistan. Human rights groups here said he appeared to have been killed, perhaps in collusion with the authorities.' 27 Years After the Massacre ~~ the Horrors of the Pogrom Live on at Sabra and Shatila' Juan Cole Russia helps the U.S. in Afghanistan  As  U.S. allies look for the exit, Russia, perhaps  because of problems with Afghan heroin at home,  gets in deeper.' 2nd Attack on a German school this year. This one with Molotov cocktails and an axe.' Tokyo police launch antigroping week Not even a tentacle?' Young Jewish men in Israel have created a volunteer group which patrol malls and other public places to break up interracial dates (eg. JewishArab dates.)' Shocking news large corporation murders people, tries to get away with it' The founder of the Jedi religion in Wales may file a religious discrimination lawsuit after being ejected from a supermarket for refusing to remove his hood. Mgmt fights nerdy ObiWan Kenobi, Yoda and Luke Skywalker all appeared hoodless without ever going over to the Dark Side.' Talk about Get Out of Jail Free Monopoly's Hidden Maps Help World War II POWs Escape Thousands defy Iranian rally ban' Why I threw the shoe I am no hero. I just acted as an Iraqi who witnessed the pain and bloodshed of too many innocents' Iran broadcasts soccer game in blackandwhite, without sound, just to hide protesters...' The U.S. intelligence community is reporting to the White House that Iran has not restarted its nuclearweapons development program. Somehow, Israel read this as nukes in one week.' Denmark's dirty secret Stateowned Dong Energy trades on its green image at home while outsourcing the dirty end of its energy portfolio with coalfired power stations elsewhere in Europe Trafigura's attempts to gag the media prove that Britain's libel laws should be repealed A group of prison guards dubbed the Facebook Five has gone to an Australian court to fight for the right to complain about their boss on the Internet' A number of people in Azerbaijan were questioned by police after voting for a song by neighbouring Armenia in this year's Eurovision song contest. Protests have started  The Latest from Iran (18 September) Qods Day' World's shortest man shuns limelight Man accused of supplying prostitutes for Berlusconi parties is arrested in Italy' Scotland Management tries to force drivers to cross picket lines, suspends pay when they refuse. Night shift walks out, early shift walks out, unofficial strike then spread like wildfire to over 2000 employees.' Moving home is always a hassle, but for a monstrous Darwin crocodile it has caused more of a headache than usual.' The nomadic pastoralists who live in the arid scrubland on the KenyaSomalia border are being forced out of their traditional way of living by a succession of worsening droughts'  India in touch with Israel over new attack tipoff' This will be good Rod Blagojevich is going to be on The Daily Show next Thursday' Rising threat to aid agencies in Afghanistan' Nato chief reaches out to Russia ' One in Seven Germans Want Berlin Wall Back' banking bonus bubble' Silvio Berlusconi e il virus della escort.' UK labor unions approve Israeli goods boycott in response to the offensive in Gaza' Russia says it won't deploy missiles near Poland  A Moroccan man campaigning to change the law banning eating in public during the Muslim Ramadan fast says he has received 100 death threats this week.' Why are over 80,000 UK residents being denied the right to vote?' Lockerbie bomber puts documents online that he claims prove his innocence' Credit crunch signals end of The World for Dubais multibillion dollar property deal' CIA Adding Bases in Afghanistan as Taliban Gains' Hundreds of millions of dollars worth of phone bill rebates coming for Canadian after Supreme Court ruling' Courage in Iran' Nairobi Kenya begins clearing out its Kibera slum of 1 million people' Lockerbie bomber publishes his evidence for innocence.  Is this true or can the net prove it's a lie? Gurkhas to declare independent state in India' Lab tech is charged with Le's murder, still no clear reason for the murder whatsoever It is not everyday that a plane full of Australians land in central Russia, but when the passengers are dairy cows, it is seen as history making.' Bolivia  Extremism causes rightwing candidates to drop below 10% support the rightwing opposition has been weakened since violent incidents last year... at least 15 indigenous people were shot to death when a group of Morales supporters were ambushed' Vaccine could be 'more dangerous than swine flu' Military gets mowed down by bullets by their own police force.  Where's the news coverage?! Political tensions are on the rise again in Thailand, with tens of thousands of antigovernment protesters expected to take to the streets of Bangkok to mark the third anniversary of the military coup which ousted their leader.' China warns of stability threat from H1N1 flu' Anonymous Blogging guide now available in Arabic' Arctic Sea saga  sources of speculation' Tax man twists Maradona's ears At emergency meeting in Venezuela, IAPA pushes for press freedom'  Japans death penalty effectively scrapped with arrival of Keiko Chiba, a leftwing justice minister who is an outspoken opponent of the countrys controversial system of secret executions' Iran TV's live football coverage censored because sections of the crowd were chanting antigovernment slogans and waving green emblems in support of the country's political opposition EU funding 'Orwellian' artificial intelligence plan to monitor public for abnormal behaviour' Helping terminally ill and incurably disabled patients to commit suicide to be decriminalised in Britain' PAKISTAN Police severely beat members of a Christian family after accusing a man of urinating on the Quran' Indian man gambles daughter away' Two people trying to help bring food and medicine into Gaza are slain by the pilot of an Israeli jet who fired an airtosurface missile at them.' India's China Panic Seeing a 'Red Peril' on Land and Sea  Belatedly, Egypt Spots Flaws in Wiping Out All of their Pigs ' Al Jazeera exposes Iraqs booming, endemic drug trade' The UK drugs debate Is legislation the way forward?' Thousands of angry Canadian taxpayers rallied against harmonized sales tax (HST) throughout BC The HST is a cruel tax. It takes from the people, particularly... the seniors, students, the people that can least afford to pay yet another tax and it's giving to the big corporations.' Mounting Afghan follies give U.S. a way out By GWYNNE DYER' Worlds biggest prison for journalists eight years after September 2001 roundups' Chinese Communists flirt with democracy to infuse fresh blood' Turkish Investigators Wiretapped Turkish Daily without Court Consent' Yemen more guns than people' The Federal Government has detected another boatload of asylum seekers off the northwest coast of Australia.' Yemen army 'kills 140' as rebels launch attack U.N. probes use of its vehicles in Somalia bombing' Pakistan will Cry for Water' Terrorists use UN Trucks as suicide bombs against UN peace keepers.  And we think these guys are qualified to oversee cap and trade?  They can't even keep up with their own trucks.' Social Bookmarking Service' Gaza's Water Supply Near Collapse. The International Committee of the Red Cross has warned that Gaza's access to safe supply of drinking water could cease at any time.' One of the greatest rivalries in the history of chess is due to resume as Garry Kasparov takes on Anatoly Karpov in the Spanish city of Valencia.' Secret Service agents found Yeltsin clad only in his underwear, standing alone on Pennsylvania Avenue and trying to hail a cab. He wanted a pizza, he told them, his words slurring.' Israelis really don't like Obama. Bonus Racism caught on tape The top US Commander in Afghanistan, General Stanley McChrystal, says without more troops on the ground there, the international mission will most likely result in failure.' Bear mauls nine at bus stop' Muslims massproducing children to take over Africa, says Archbishop Nicholas Okoh of Nigeria' Canadian dad leaves kids in hot car while he goes drinking at the Fat Pig Saloon. Cops pull kids, who are drenched in sweat and screaming, from car. No charges laid.' Until recently, the man running Press TVs Web site was an American who fled the United States in 1980 after carrying out a political assassination in the Washington suburbs on behalf of the Iranian government.' Irish school fingerprints pupils to monitor absenteeism' In 20062008, 14,100 new residents of West Bank settlements were registered annually. To Palestinians, it means an expansion of the occupation. To Israelis, it's beginning to look like little more than suburbanization. Ousted Honduran President Zelaya takes refuge at Brazilian embassy IN Honduras n' More than 35 million people have Alzheimers and Dementia worldwide, according to new report' Ayalon Military option against Iran is still on the table I don't think that, with all due respect, the Russian president is authorized to speak for Israel and certainly we have not taken any option off the table.' China adoption Some Chinese parents say their babies were stolen for adoption ' UK army rotten, Iraq probe told' Canada's health minister orders investigation after body bags were sent to aboriginal reserves as part of supplies to deal with swine flu USCUBA Five Decades of an Admittedly Failed Policy' How to Fix An Election Manipulating election results may not be as hard as previously thought.' Rogue nuclear scientist Dr A Q Khan has sensationally disclosed it was former prime minister Benazir Bhutto who had asked him to hand over the countrys nuclear knowhow to Iran and North Korea!' AFP Somalia faces worst food crisis in 18 years' Ousted President Zelaya in Brazil embassy in Honduras' Kashmir's Water Wars A German Jihad Colony Islamists in Pakistan Recruit Entire Families from Europe' 83 names on Pak list of mostwanted' On November 18, 1992, more than 1,600 scientists, including 104 Nobel laureates, from around the world endorsed a warning. Here's what they said.n A new report says investing in girls is one of the best ways to end poverty, because women who are educated are likely to reinvest up to 90 per cent of their income in their family.' In dead of night, U.S. flew 24 nuclear bombs' worth of uranium out of Kazakhstan Did you wonder about the soldier's autobiographical book about the war in Afghanistan that the Danish Gov't tried to supress? Well, here you go (Google Translated) Gangrape killer of lesbian footballer gets life. 'Corrective rape' in South Africa. As if going on a plane isn't a crappy experience already..... Thanks to the BBC, the missile defense debate can be greatly simplified. Here's what former President George W. Bush proposed and what the insane neoconservatives are hyperventilating over... Police in Honduras break up protests caused by the return of Zelaya' Police raid house in drug bust, see that the resident has a wii, then... drop everything and play wii bowling for hours on end.[vid]' How Israel silenced its Gaza war protesters' Australian Quadriplegic dies after winning right to starve' French riot police have evacuated at least 150 Afghan boys and men from the jungle, a makeshift migrant camp on the Channel coast.' The death of the greatest human being who ever lived' 100 cops outside, 100 cops inside, 100 or so bouncers, 3 bulletproof cars, and a chopper to guard her. Well fuck you Julia Roberts you aint Obama so stop the showoff bitch' Fearing persecution and violence, Jamaica's gays worship in secret churches Obama in threeway talks with Israel and Palestine leaders' Torture techniques used on suspected terrorists by the Bush administration may have failed to get to the truth, researchers say.' Teacher jailed for sex with pupil  Would the female teacher have been jailed if the sex had been with a boy?' Besieged Zelaya surrounded by Honduran soldiers' Suspect Arrested In Relation To FarmVille Murders sounds like an Onion headline... but is not.' Chinese president says to further integrate actions on climate change into economic development' The Australia Defence Association has backed a proposal that would see hundreds of Defence properties scattered around the country merged to form super bases.' U.S. sees hand of elite Iranian unit in Afghanistan' MI6 to train Gadhafi's guards  Libyan strongman claims he's target for alQaida Justine Henin comes out of retirement!!!' Girl's Refusal to Be Child Bride Inspires Nation  Robbers in Sweden use stolen chopper & dynamite in cash depot theft; Police unable to pursue, because the only police chopper in Sweden were disabled with explosives.' Robbers used a stolen helicopter and explosives to engineer a spectacular raid on a cash depot in Stockholm on Wednesday, breaking into the building through the roof and flying off with bags of cash.' In Kenya The last long rains [in April] failed completely, and we haven't had a proper wet season for at least three years. If the rains fail in October and November, we'll go into total crisis. I can't even begin to imagine how awful that would be.' North Koreas corn yield to drop by 40 per cent' Honduras Hundreds of heavily armed agents of coup regime attacked the 5,000 people outside Brazilian embassy. Army has cut off electricity and water supply to many areas.' Experts say a huge orange dust storm rolling through Australia's east coast is lining up to become one of the largest on record. Khaddafy demands democracy at UN general assembly meeting; he wants to do away with the veto process.  Equates the security counsel with terrorism. Ahh irony.  If these ideas weren't coming from a dictator that supported terrorism they might actually get traction. Echoes of Chilean National Stadium Honduras  Chochi Sosa Stadium turned into massive detention center. Internet and radio broadcasts cut off in Tegucigalpa. Only procoup media available.' As long as they need the bomb, they will lick your balls. As soon as you have delivered the bomb, they will kick your balls. Pakistan, China and Iran's nuclear nexus revealed in a purloined letter. Puppetry of the Politicians .... Kenya follows in the Daily Show's footsteps with a puppetbased satire that has politicians up in arms. Collapsing milk prices threaten bankruptcy for tens of thousands of European producers. Since 2007, milk prices have in some countries more than halved. Today, Spanish farmers have dumped 60,000 litres of milk in protest.' Swedish TV program claims top Vatican officials knew that an ultraconservative British bishop was a Holocaustdenier when his excommunication was lifted in January' In UN speech, Gaddafi suggests Israel behind JFK assassination' Tent set up in New York suburbs for Ghadafi. Why does everybody in America seem to hate this guy?  I have to agree on Hunter S. Thompson on this one  at least he's entertaining. The difference between U.S. and Canada Canadians are happy to suspend civil liberties in a pandemic, says a new survey' Well, this is one small step for them, a good start indeed' France is thinking of imposing a health warning on photoshopped imagesn' Hoteliers charged after row with guest ' Israel in April on US settlement pressure Believe me, America accepts all our decisions.  U.S. in September OK, you win, Israel.' Iranian police now demanding that store mannequins wear the hija Couple of days late for talk like a pirate day.//The Defence Department says an Australian Navy ship has helped foil an attack by Somalian pirates off the coast of Yemen in the Gulf of Aden.' Gaddafi in his first ever U.N speech, blasts the big powers, the U.N, and tosses a copy of the U.N Charter over his shoulder!' In other news, thieves use helicopter in awesome heist in Sweden' Morocco arrests 24 in 'terrorist network' crackdown Honduras curfew extended to 50 hours. power, water, food cut to Brazillian Embassy(act of war!) Barrios barracaded, police evicted. the **** has hit the fan...' Leonard Cohen plays a concert in Israel; comes under fire for breaking a boycott over Israel's latest invasion of Gaza. In response, Cohen offers to play the West Bank and donate the proceeds to IsraeliPalestinian peace organizations. Canada walks out on Ahmadinejad's UN speech PM Stephen Harper says Ahmadinejad's absolutely repugnant remarks about the Holocaust are reason enough for Canadian officials to boycott the Iranian president's address' He tore up a copy of the UN charter.. accused the security council of being an alQaida like terrorist body, called for George Bush and Tony Blair to be put on trial for the Iraq war.' FBI holds records of 1.5billion people worldwide. How this was mined and is kept is secret, and there is no input from privacy and civil liberty groups. This contravenes several EU laws. ' Busted spy ring in Lebanon was Israels top network in the Arab world' Shining a light on Israeli aggression in Gaza. Now, no less an authority than Richard Goldstone, former chief prosecutor with the war crimes tribunals for Yugoslavia and Rwanda, says that the ... Israeli onslaught ... amounted to 'war crimes and possibly ... crimes against humanity.'' What special relationship? Obama turns down Gordon Brown's request for a meeting  five times. Head for the hills! The Flu is coming!' the small acts of personal viciousness and humiliation make up the practice of domination in an occupied land' One step closer to the apocalypse? Hipsters are wearing fake glasses to look smart and get jobs' Remember the freighter Arctic Sea, allegedly hijacked in the Baltic? Russia still claims that's what happened, but the truth looks much more murky... Water discovered on the moon, which moon is the  question. News.com.au fails at recognising Earth's  moon. Three sentenced to hang for murder of an African 'ghost' Landmark court ruling in Tanzania offers protection for albinos threatened by trade in 'magicalody parts Honduras Hospital Escuela states a thousand people coming in, with bullet wounds, cigarette burns from torture. Barricades in many Tegucigalpa neighborhoods. Some settlements of country not even army able to enter.' It's been 89 days since Manuel Zelaya was booted from power. He's sleeping on chairs, and he claims his throat is sore from toxic gases and Israeli mercenaries'' are torturing him with highfrequency radiation.' Honda shows small light 'personal mobility' device... Not to be confused with a unicycle. Spoiling Manuel Zelaya's homecoming The US should not stand by while the coup government in Honduras brutally cracks down on Manuel Zelaya's supporters. War is just a racket. A racket is best described, I believe, as something that is not what it seems to the majority of people. Only a small inside group knows what it is about. It is conducted for the benefit of the very few at the expense of the masses.  Smedley Butler' Prolife club tests U of C resolve with renewed campaign' Spain contest bans Israeli academic team affiliated with college located in an Israeli settlement in the Palestinian territories.' 20,000 in Guinea demo against coup leader' Cardinal Zen calls on China to release imprisoned bishops on its 60th anniversary' Mr. Stiller works as a Grillwalker, a oneman mobile sausagecooking machine.' Israeli embassy says boycott will harm 'Jew and Arab alike' and calls for TUC to 'hang its head in shame' (Aww, it makes you want to feel sympathy for the ethnic cleansing war criminals, doesn't it?!)' Armored Police Seize University of Pittsburgh Campus, Attack Students, Then Claim They Were Stopping Anarchists @ G20' A group of 50 French politicians want a new law stating published images must have bold printed notice stating they have been digitally enhanced.' Cut off aid to Africa, or at least to their corrupt governments.  Most of Africa is actually poorer today than it was a few decades ago, when aid dollars began to increase.'  Most governments in the United States in a hundred years have not respected the peoples of Latin America, Chavez told King. They have sponsored coup d'etats, assassinations. It's enough. We want to be brothers and sisters. We want respect and equality.' Young Canadians greener, better travelled, more educated than young Americans, says a new study. Take that, eh!' Priceless The Danish Military tries to stop elite soldier's autobiography, and fail. Then they try to stir up a controversy by leaking a discovered Arabic translation to the press. Not only is the translation a useless machine translation, it was made by... the Military!' Democracy Now! reports from Pittsburgh G20 protests police use tear gas and sound cannon on peaceful protesters' Here are videos and photos of the police action on protesters at the G20 in Pittsburgh.  Chemical and Sonic(!) weaponry was wielded.' In May a homeless man saved a drowning teen. Fast forward to now, same place, hanging out with 2 friends who end up in the river. Man has to choose who to save and who to let go of.' Venezuela to fine networks that air 'Family Guy' because it promotes the use of marijuana' The G20 group of leading and emerging economies will take on a new role as a permanent body coordinating the world economy, a US official has said.' A Saudi fatwa allows girls to restore their hymens in order to save themselves from possible honor killings right before they are married.' Honduras Two secret detention centers opened, hundreds of detainees, many taken from their houses, hospitals. Neither lawyers nor food contributions permitted inside these centers. Among arrested are children, pregnant women. Hooded men with firearms hunting people in area surrounding Embassy.' Obama strikes a tough tone on Iran' BNP politician caught out inventing murders to spread fear.' What a shame Number of military veterans in jail has more than doubled in six years in UK' UNEP Climate worse than we thought.  A lot worse.' Bias allegations mount in Pirate Bay case' Hong Kong The World's Most Expensive Housing Market? Only Biscuits for Zelaya' Iran has been holding out on us... they have a second Nuclear plant so what was the time line for when they get the bomb again... Becouse ahh hmmm' Benjamin Netanyahu provides proof of the holocaust at the UN and calls Hamas Nazis. ' N.Korean Poster Seems to Confirm Succession' Pakistan among most corrupt nations in the world' Sourth Korea Rightwing government tries to prevent employees from joining more radical union' Poland okays forcible castration for pedophiles' Colombian hitman 2,500 paramilitary in Venezuela with goal of taking down Chavez' Mexican journalist shot to death in newsroom' Iran Denies Violating IAEA Rules It is not a secret facility. If it was, why did we inform the IAEA a year ahead of time?' So. What did we accomplish by shutting down my city, closing my university, beating my friends and neighbors, and turning the streets into a scene from a dystopian horror film? Oh. And some people from far away were here too.' Malalai Joya Don't be fooled by this democratic faade  the people are betrayed Surreal drama at UN General Assembly  Ahmadinejad, Gadhafi act out on world stage, while a journalist asks questions about Iran.' It's the tribes, stupid.  An interesting 2006 article about the real enemy in the middle east. Israel kills three Islamic Jihad members who may or may not have been preparing to launch rockets.' Has Iran actually violated any specific international obligations here?' Aids Vaccine?' See the way Pittsburgh students, people and protesters are treated? Want it to stop? Vote.' Should any Iraq lessons be applied to Iran? The claims about Iran raise more questions than they answer. Virtually none is being asked by America's media' Getting gaymarried in Canada is easy, getting gaydivorced is not so easy' Explosives 'inside' suicide bomber foil security detectors Gorbachev Nixing the missile defense system is  good for global security. Obama approval from a  guy with black belt in nuclear threat reduction.' Vietnam Government Rejects UN Proposals to Improve its Rights Record' Suicide bombs kill 16, wound 150 in Pakistan' Wives of Arctic Sea crew demand release of their men' All students in Pakistans schools required to study Islam' Iran shouldn't be condemned for their hidden nuclear program because it is all Israel's fault. How secrecy over Iran's Qom nuclear facility was finally blown away Try not to throw up.' There's a huge flood in Manila, Philippines. Had no clue about it... Decided to spread the news to Reddit. No shame Israel demands PA drop war crimes suit at The Hague, or else it would not permit a second cellular telephone provider to operate' Dead baby wakes up for his funeral wake' Iranian Protester Flees Country After Telling of Rape and Torture in Prison ' When Obama announced that 'Iran is breaking rules that all nations must follow', he is technically and legally wrong.' Spontaneous order in action Holland slashes traffic regulations, laws, eliminates stop lights; rate of traffic accidents plummet.' Germans are set to vote in a general election in which Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeking a second term' typhoon victims in Philippines in dire need of food/clothing. Call the American Red Cross to help 18004357669. PLEASE REPOST on your twitter, plurk, and facebook to reach as many people as possible. Thanks Reddit!' Iceland plans huge export of whalemeat to Japan' British victims of the credit crunch are offering to sell their kidneys for 25,000 or more to help pay debts' Jerusalem is solely 'an Arab and Islamic city and it has always been so...' Jews have never lived there, the Temple never existed, and Israeli archaeologists have admitted as much.' First projections Merkel Wins German Election, Has  Slim Majority for CenterRight Government' Roman Polanski arrested in Switzerland over sex with underage girl  Telegraph' Over 100 children in China diagnosed with lead poisoning' Venezuela bans Family Guy cartoon because it promotes the use of marijuana' Saudis will allow Israel to bomb Iran's nuclear site Swiss ministry says Polanski to be extradited' Email communications interception on the rise in South Korea' Xinjiang authorities ban online separatist talk' Israel the hypocrite Israel's Dimona Nuclear Weapons Factory In 3D Costa Rica prepares for Nicoya Peninsula earthquake' Aussie politico attacks social mediasavvy Prime Minister for spamming everyone on Facebook and the premier for tweeting with the energy of a 12yo with Tourettes.' Ahmadinejongil Redux  Iran tests shortrange missiles' Terror laws could be used to force everyone in the UK to carry a passport just to travel around Britain' US threatens airstrikes in Pakistan' Philippine man loses own life after saving 30' As of now the Pirate Party won 2.1% of votes in the German federal election' HIVpositive travelers can't enter the USA, one of only 15 countries to ban HIVpositive travelers from entry Hey Reddit, the Pirates got 2% of all votes in Germany's elections last night!  Why the French Are Outraged Over Roman Polanski's Arrest Looks like Pirates took 2% in German elections. Arr.' They repeatedly rejected conventional medical treatment and instead opted for homeopathic remedies.nnThen, against doctors' orders, they took the baby girl to India where her condition deteriorated.nnJudge Peter Johnson concluded it was the most serious case of manslaughter by criminal negligence.' Your Internet freedom will be decided over lamb korma tonight. That means you are less important than sheep. Citizens of the EU, prepare to lose your rights. ' US issues threat to Pakistan that it may attack Quetta, a major city (pop. 760,000) and provincial capital.' Forbes accidentally publishes insider notes on Polanski arrest' France proposes law that would require photoshopped images carry warnings to viewers' Silvio Berlusconi targets Michelle Obama in new 'suntan' gibe Welcome to the New Germany' Two Guantnamo detainees resettle in Ireland' Guinea protests turn deady.  At least 58 dead.' For years, I have made the joke about Richard Reid 'Just be glad that he wasn't the underwear bomber.' Now, sadly, we have an example of one.' Iran launches mediumrange missiles.' Rather than communicating with the general public, protesters so isolated become engaged in a rehearsed ritual of confrontations with the police that the police will win.' Two Honduran media organisations that have been critical of the country's interim government have been closed and authorities issued a state of emergency suspending key civil liberties for 45 days.  Honduras Suspends Civil Liberties' Cuba Pins Hopes on New ForProfit Farms' Outcry over Polanski's detention Ghanas Kayayo girls, striving for a better life' A Journalist is suing the soontobe new Egyptian dictator, Jamal Mubarak for embezzlement of Billions of pounds ' Honduras suspends civil liberties, closes media stations' Women working on Chiquitas plantations in Honduras work from 630 a.m. until 7 at night, their hands burning up inside rubber gloves.  Some workers are as young as 14' Duct tape cat US teen arrested on animal cruelty charges!' Guy goes to Japan to rescue his abducted children, is thrown in jail.' The absurd war on drugs. Decades of fighting all over the world, thousands of deaths and no results. But a senseless and unwinnable war may be much easier than addressing the real problems ' Boycot campaign against Chiquita, whonbehind the scenes, is supporting those responsible for the coup in Honduras' Chinese Develop Special 'Kill Weapon' to Destroy US Aircraft Carriers.' Israel's 130 West Bank settlements are illegal under international law, including Article 49; In addition, various UN resolutions condemned Israel's settlement building by declaring they have no legal validity to exist. Yet they do and continue expanding in reckless disregard of the law.' US, NATO reach consensus to sanction rigged election in Afghanistan. The...countries involved in the occupation of Afghanistan have signaled their willingness to recognize the reelection of Afghan President Hamid Karzai despite evidence of massive ballotstuffing and fraud in the...elections.' Deaths have been reported across Samoa after a powerful 8.3magnitude quake sparked a tsunami and sent residents fleeing to higher ground across the region this morning.' Death toll up to at least 157 in Guinea Massacre, with Human Rights groups reporting soldiers bayoneting people and women being stripped and raped in the streets' Lead singer of the official band for the Danish neoNazi political party accused of pedophilian' Forget about Iraq. Forget about Palestine. Forget about Iran. The Middle Easts next great threat will come from Yemen  an ancient south Arabian state that is currently on the verge of collapse.' Taiwanese boy gets even with his father after years of physical abuse.' Honduran regime shooting bullets at people's bodies, without restraint... police even beating those passing by to buy provisions' Muslim women protest harsh sharia law in Indonesian province' Tsunami Update At least 14 dead, 50 injured, due  to tsunami in Samoa.  [The] number of casualties  is expected to rise as the injured arrive from  coastal areas.' Nearly 70 percent of Argentine forests lost in a century' The oftdelayed European Union report on the August 2008 RussoGeorgian War is finally nearing release, according to officials, and it will conclude what a myriad of other reports in the interim have already concluded that Georgia indeed fired the first shot.' Herbie held captive!! DVLA denies selling millions of registration and vehicle records to Castrol  ' APF (American Police Force) In Hardin, Montana. Paramilitary police in Montana. I'd like to be one of the first to point out this is how it (the takeover) began in prenazi Germany. Pirate Party fires broadside at German political establishment' Tsunami alert after Samoa quake' US soldiers killed in Philippines' I dont know what kind of stuff you have in New York, Mr. Dong said. But people could strap all sorts of minibombs to pigeon legs.' Kazakhstan Remains Ready to House Nuclear Fuel Bank' Don't mess with the farmer's daughter. Holy crap. Slovenia raises taxes on executive bonuses to 90% for companies receiving bailout money' Chinese dwarves set up their own village A community of dwarves has set up its own village to escape discrimination from normal sized people.   ' BBC News acquired amateur footage of a tsunami wave coming ashore Samoa' In historic move, Turkey and Armenia to formally establish diplomatic ties' Earlier this week, about 150 local residents and plainclothes police used violence to force as many monks from a monastery run by followers of Buddhist exile Thich Nhat Hanh. The Vietnamese government has won, said Sister Dang Nghiem. Everything is smashed.' Asteroid Strikes Pacific Ocean  Creates Rogue Wave over 100ft tall??? ' Food Wars? In the next 50 years the world's population will eat as much food as it has consumed over human history. 'No. Come on. Stop it.' Polanski's rape of 13 year old was not 'statutory' rape but his fellow elite still give him a pass Guinea junta troops 'killed and raped hundreds at democracy rally' The Islamificafion of Gaza new rules prohibit topless MEN from bathing at the beach, wearing shorts on own balcony' Here we go again. Another major Earthquake, another Tsunami warning. 7.9 Earthquake rocks Indonesia.' EU investigation blames Georgia for starting war with Russia in 2008' Eyewitness On air filmed the second wave hitting the harbour when tsunami hit Samoa (W/Video)' Israel Takes Delivery of 2 GermanBuilt U212 Subs. The submarines, called U212s, can launch cruise missiles carrying nuclear warheads, although when it confirmed the sale in 2006 the German government said the two vessels were not equipped to carry nuclear weapons.' Decapitation School fete turns violent' Population Europe's problems will grow as it shrinks Nothing in war is safe, not even leaflets. Young girl is killed by RAF leaflet drop in Afghanistan' Juan Cole Is the media exaggerating the Iranian nuke threat? If Iran is open to U.N. inspections, it's probably not constructing nuclear weapons Iranians students haven't been cowed by this summer's violence and subsequent crackdown  they started the school year by protesting Ahmadinejad in spite of the risks they faced from doing so An earthquake of magnitude 7.9 has struck off the Indonesian island of Sumatra.' French unease at telecom suicides' Japans government plans to submit legislation to allow married women to keep their maiden names' By 2050, 25m more children will go hungry as climate change leads to food crisis' France Records 13% Rise in Arms Sales. The United States led with 52.3 percent of the world market, followed by Britain with 13.7 percent, and Russia 8.2 percent. Israel is the fifthlargest arms exporter with a 5 percent share.' Roman Catholic Nova Scotia bishop busted at  Canadian airport with a laptop full of child porn.   The real kicker he is the one who previously  helped broker a $15million settlement with people  sexually abused by other priests in the diocese.' Catholic Church Only 5% of clergy involved in child sex abuse' Stephen Hawking gives up prestigious position as Cambridge's Lucasian Professor of Mathematics Israeli diplomat expelled from Russia (accused of espionage)' Philippines raises alert for new super typhoon less than a week after an earlier storm killed 277' As a confidence building measure Iran is shipping 1,200 kg of enriched uranium to Russia so it will no longer have enough to build a bom China's air force deployed a magiclike range of chemicals and technology to clear Beijing's smoggy air for a grand parade marking the 60th anniversary' Italian prosecutor wants jail for US spies in rendition trial' The magnitude 8.0 earthquake that occurred near Samoa may have triggered the magnitude 7.6 quake that struck hours later off the coast of Indonesia.' The European Court of Human Rights has ruled a Russian ban on the Church of Scientology illegal.' IMF Director Almost Shoed A female student then tried to unfurl a banner but was surrounded by security officials' Here's how Israel would destroy Iran's nuclear program  Afghanistan's drug economy is as pervasive as its poppy fields, linking impoverished farmers, heroin traffickers, and the Taliban [pics] Some kids call in a bomb threat, some pull the fire alarm...' Germany Using Giants to Celebrate Reunification [pics]' First face to face discussion between Iran and the United States over the nuclear issue' Indonesia quake toll soars past 400. I do not recommend living in Indonesia.' Is Bagram the new Guantanamo?  A cogent and civil discussion with great points from both sides of the issue (without anyone screaming at each other)' Red Cross we need a global strategy to deal with natural disasters' Indonesia's latest earthquake disaster  A correspondent on the ground in Sumatra weighs in on fear, folklore and desperate rescue efforts Israel releases teenager Bara'a elMalki, 15, 1st prisoner in captive IDF soldier Gilad Schalit deal  Court order served over Twitter o_O' Naval intel agent caught spying on famous Philippine artist' America's sound cannon has nothing on the UK's plan to arm cops with pain rays. Google executives in Italy may go to jail because a YouTube user uploaded an offensive video'