 Christian preacher arrested for saying homosexuality is a sin' Israeli documents detailing the collective punishment over Gazans revealed Large range of goods currently forbidden to enter Gaza are jam, chocolate, wood for furniture, fruit juice, textiles, and plastic toys' Iran offers help in fighting Gulf of Mexico oil leak' Kim Jongil is in China trying to negotiate desperately needed food aid.' This is what you do with terrorists. Give them a fair trial and convict them.' Greece erupts as men from IMF prepare to wield axe' Charlie Brooker Which leader's public persona do you prefer? Journalist freed from Gaza jail (with a We know where you live) vows to fight for imprisoned journalists' Ireland to reimpose flight bans' Deepwater Horizon oil spill turtle deaths soar amid fight to save wildlife (The picture accompanying this article makes me so sad...)' Human trafficking and sex slavery take place at the doorstep of the South African World Cup Stadiums, but FIFA looks away, says Benjamin Skinner, author of A crime so monstrous ' Europe's Amazing Web Of Debt Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi talked to the SPIEGEL about his friendship with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, the 'youthful exuberance' of his sons, and why he thinks Switzerland is a mafia. Pakistani Man Convicted in 2008 Mumbai Attacks  in a regular court, not a military tribunal' Government fears Deepwater Horizon well could become unchecked gusher. ' Congo Rebels Are Savages  Cut Lips From Woman For 'Talking Too Much'... The fear factor A year after the 'green' uprising, Iranians are no closer to breaking free Uganda To Obama Stop Treating Us Like Your Colony  Said Tamale Mirundi USA is arrogant. They think they can organize for us elections in our own country. We are an independent state. They are our business partners and not our masters.' The Mother of All Bubbles  Huge National Debts Could Push Euro Zone into Bankruptcy  Extensive and thorough analysis of the current situation in Europe' Islamist Insurgents Seize a Pirate Base in Somalia  NYTimes.com' Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Sunday for the United States to take part in a conference on nuclear nonproliferation' Sole Surviving Gunman of Mumbai Attacks Has Been Convicted by an Indian Court.' Egyptians Protest 30 Years of Emergency Law' 110 Billion Euro Package  European promises of solidarity with Greece were not enough. Over the weekend, euro zone finance ministers agreed on a 110 billion package for Athens in return for even more Greek austerity measures. Whether it will be enough remains open.' US and Russia to propose ban on WMD in Middle East.  Tough global talks ahead in review of nuclear treaty as Egypt aims to put pressure on west over Israel' When the Soviets had leaking oil wells they couldn't seal, they nuked them Iran offers to help contain US oil spill' Europe to Lift Airplane Liquids Ban in 2013' Woman becomes first in Italy to be fined 430 for wearing burqa' Jessica Watson, 16 year old, nears the end of her solo round the world yacht journey' British Government cannot use secret evidence in Guantnamo torture case, British appeal court rules' Army to be sued for war crimes over its role in  Fallujah attacks' 6.4magnitude quake strikes Chile' Nepal as a country is shut down due to a Maoist strike' I Was Wrong About Israel' Settlers torch West Bank mosque.  ARSONISTS torched a mosque in the north of the occupied West Bank before dawn local time today in an attack blamed on Jewish settlers. ' Arab states Israel's nuclear program is destabilizing Mideast  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News North Korea and Israel have a lot in common. Neither is a signatory to the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty (NPT), and both employ their nuclear weapons in elaborate games of peekaboo with the international community.' First Australian since 1952 to win world snooker championship' Greece's swollen bureaucracy is taking the hardest hits as the country struggles to fix its failing economy. Civil servants are responding with massive strikes. But critics say the country's public sector is inefficient, expensive and hopelessly overstaffed. European court weighs cannabis ban for foreigners  A Dutch city has banned foreigners from its cannabisselling coffee shops. A European court will now decide whether this is legal.' It looks like BP will be on the hook for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.  Great.  That's progress.  Now lets get the Wall Street firms that engineered the financial crisis to pay for the mess they created too. Chaos breaks out at a dutch memorial service. '    Children in Sweden have best lives  ' Chinese Govt. restricting access and information about school attacks.' Russia's president, Dmitry Medvedev, today ordered an urgent inquiry into why a prisoner who died last week in custody was refused medical treatment  with doctors advising her to sleep standing up.' Ahmadinejad Calls U.S. Arsenal Disclosure 'Positive' The Myth Of The 'Greatest Generation' The History Of Allied War Crimes In WWII  The issue of war crimes is an incredibly sensitive one. But, in this case, the evidence is overwhelming. I hate Tories. And yes, it's tribal  Settlers torch mosque  stay classy Israel!' Greeks Struggle with SickMan Status  They've emptied their bank accounts, abandoned vacations and started taking the bus. Now, they fear for their jobs The Greeks bemoan the difficult crisis that has taken over their country. Above all, they feel humiliated by Germany. At least three people have been killed in the Greek capital as protesters set fire to a bank during a general strike over planned austerity measures.' This was news to me apparently Nick Clegg speaks Dutch fluenty  Arjen van der Horst interviews Nick Clegg in Dutch [video]' Three dead in Greek riots.' Greece brought to halt by general strike over cuts' Argentina passes gay marriage bill including adoption of children' I'm in Athens this week. Here are my photos from today's protest/riot at Parliament. Johan Hari travelled to the council that David Cameron's described as a 'model' of conservatism to see what his 'Big Society' will do to Britain. This harrowing article will make you think twice about voting for the Tories. Child pornography is great. It is great because politicians understand child pornography. By playing that card, we can get them to act, and start blocking sites. And once they have done that, we can get them to start blocking file sharing sites.' Video of SWAT Raid on Missouri Family' Greek general strike halts flights, trains, ferries and paralyzes public services as unions protest spending cut.' Kirsan Ilyumzhinov, President of Russia's Kalymkia region, says in TV interview he has met ET's and had been on their spaceship. Woman in burqa puts flight, airport on alert  ' What do the oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico and the Greek crisis have in common? Both are manmade disasters. But while BP plans to shoulder the costs of the catastrophe it has caused, the financial wizards behind the euro crisis are not being held to account.' Massive Riots in Greece Against Harsh Financial Cuts Three Reported Killed' BBC News  India Supreme court says truth drug test 'illegal' Numerous groups of pirates are currently holding more than 350 hostages as well as about 20 ships at various bases around the country' All university educated Prime Ministers who have won an election since 1935 went to Oxford' Eyjafjallajokull is back Flights grounded as volcanic ash cloud returns' Greece riots 100,000 fight against harsh cuts in Athens financial crisis protests ' Sir Elton John has been banned from performing in Egypt over his views on homosexuality and religion' Sudan Fresh Clashes Erupt in Darfur' Settlers intend to vandalize mosques, defense  officials learn ' Job interviews for imams in Israel arenconducted by the Shin Bet, Israels secretnpolice, not senior clerics ' Screaming man causes mass panic at Dutch war memorial' How China and India Sabotaged the UN Climate Summit  Secret recordings obtained by SPIEGEL reveal how China and India prevented an agreement on tackling climate change at the crucial meeting. The powerless Europeans were forced to look on as the agreement failed.' Russian special forces storm oil tanker, free ship' A Russian MP has asked President Dmitry Medvedev to investigate claims by a regional president that he has met aliens on board a spaceship' Icelandic bank former CEO arrested  is this only the beginning?' BNP Candidate gets in a fistfight with some constituents.' Meet the 92 yearold teacher finally calling it a day' Kasab (caught Pakistani terrorist) gets death sentence on 4 counts, life on 5 counts for attack on Mumbai in 2008' Can someone please explain the British election?' Dutch try to ban pot sales to foreigners. Coffee shop owners argue the ban is against free trade regulations. Can free trade save stoners?' The UK Election, Live on the BBC.' Believe it or not, there are people in the world who find this picture obscene.' President of Nigeria Dies After Long Illness   NYTimes.com(Expect emails if your related)' Tall girls, more cattle A Sudanese tribal chief explains one of the realities of his village, where daughters are still traded for longhorns.' Mumbai attack gunman Qasab sentenced to death ' Catholic Brazilian archbishop said adolescents are spontaneously homosexual and that society today is pedophile, that is the problem. So, people easily fall into it' The Italian island ofunemployment' Former CEO of Icelands failed Kaupthing Bank arrested' Magnitude 6.4 quake hits southern Peru' France more dangerous than Greece for EU economy  The French economy is in deep trouble as well, and the importance of such an economic giant within the eurozone is far and far greater.' Brazilian archbishop said adolescents are spontaneously homosexual and in need of guidance' U.K. is broke.  Call in the IMF to tell us how bad it really is.  nThe next government needs the backing of the big boys to drive through cuts. Its much worse than we think' The Mother of All Bubbles Huge National Debts Could Push Euro Zone into Bankruptcy' Paraguay orders company to stop bulldozing forest that is home to a group of AyoreoTotobiegosode, the last group of uncontacted Indians outside the Amazon basin' Settlers clash with Israeli forces razing West Bank homes  Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News' The French navy has closed in on the black boxes of an Air France jet that crashed in the Atlantic nearly a year ago raising hope that light will be shed on the disaster that left 228 dead.' No wonder the Greeks are FURIOUS. You'd be mad, too, if your austerity had to pay for the gambling losses of rich bank... Hey, wait a sec...' Thought you should know... 3,235,000 gallons of oil have spilled into the Gulf of Mexico so far.' Medvedev denounces Stalin for mass crimes against the Russian people  President Medvedev has issued a stinging repudiation of the Soviet Union, condemning it as a totalitarian state that had deprived Russians of their basic rights.' Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Osama Bin Laden Is in Washington, D.C.' If a candidate in the UK election gets less than 5%  of the vote, they lose their 500 deposit. How much  has this election cost the BNP? I made an app to  find out.' Vietnam, 35 years later  The Big Picture' Israeli General 'tried to cover up truth about death of Rachel Corrie' Hezbollah says it's ready for fresh war with Israel  and stronger now Archival Discovery Reveals a Ruined Berlin  Forgotten for decades, a trove of postwar photographs from 1945 has recently been unearthed. The snapshots illustrate the devastation of the German capital and capture the desperation of the city in the weeks after the end of World War II.' Scottish island 'crime' would be first in 40 years What happened today was no fat finger it was simply the impact of everyone in the HFT community going from port to starboard on the boat, at precisely the same time.' UK Voters declare their anger as thousands are turned back at polling station door' Argentina denounces British pirates after oil discovery in Falklands waters' Oil Struck near Falklands Islands, UK Defense Minister Claims Legitimate right to the oil' Germany says the Allied victory in World War II was a liberation' Monks with Guns' On a positive note, Britain elects the first Green Party MP' Nick Clegg Party with most seats to govern [meaning I will work to form a coalition with the conservative party first]' Greek Protest Dog' Seven new albino killings have been reported in Tanzania and Burundi amid signs that the lucrative trade in their body parts has not waned'  Is there anyone from New Zealand out there? Just interested to know your views on proportional representation as it could become a possibility for the UK' Gulf of Mexico oil slick Sarah Palin fuels antiBritish sentiment' Let me get this clear, the Greeks DO NOT RETIRE AT 54. Here is just one link to prove it.' War No More Swiss government to debate whether army still needs to be able to fend off attack' Germany votes to bail out Greece' Lib Dems get 80% the number of votes Labour have, yet 20% the number of seats. Care about electoral reform? Let's do something about it. Israel does not accept U.N. proposal for a Middle East free of Atomic Weapons US will reassess its 40yearold don't ask, don't tell policy toward Israeli nuclear arsenal' Australia burka armed robbery sparks burka ban debate  As Australian senator observed, the garb represents the repressive domination of men over women which has no place in our society and compromises some of the most important aspects of human communication. ' Israeli This settlement is unauthorized and should not be developed any further, claims it will stop settlement construction and provide a clear timeline. Does not do so and instead authorizes settlers to loot as much as they can from the Palestinians' General Election 2010 Lib Dems may demand Gordon Brown's exit  BREAKING  Russia probably killed all 10 pirates they arrested' Brazil has signed the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, but experts suspect it may be working on a nuclear bomb. The country is allowed to legally enrich uranium for its nuclear submarines, but nobody knows what happens to the fuel once it is on restricted military bases.' New BBC report from Iraq At least under Saddam Hussein, Mustafa said, Iraq was the safest country on earth. ' Greece The opposition (Nea Dimokratia  the party largely responsible for the current economic crisis) expel one of the few decent politicians in Greece for voting in favour of the PASOK austerity measures. Partisanship in Greece is worst than in the USA. ' A report by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said Japan had refused to answer any questions and seized navigation information from the whaling ship as part of its own inquiry.' Turkish legislators approve constitutional changes said to strengthen position of Islamist ruling party  nOpposition parties allege that the amendments designed to give the Islamicrooted government leverage over the largely secular judiciary' What it's like in Baghdad after 'liberation'  The litany of Iraq's current problems is too long to list, but it starts with virtually nonexistent basic services like electricity supply, and ends with the continuing violence which claims the lives of hundreds of Iraqis every month. Romania braces for austerity. Austerity is bankerspeak for loot the people and give it all to us. ' Clegg speaks to proPR protesters in London' Pope accepts German Bishop's resignation for beating children, pedophilia probe underway.   The Need For Speed  Fantastic piece of crime reporting. Has everything drugs, beatings, motorcycle gang called the Nomads, whistleblower whose wife was gangboss's nanny, cleaner, and tester of amphetaminesn' Palestinians agree to new peace talks with Israel ' South Korea finds North sank ship, paper says' Yesterday, on May 7, Canada's Supreme Court held that a journalist's right to keep sources confidential is not absolute but must be balanced with other public interest rights. Train operators accused of 'astronomical' fare rises Ash cloud closes 19 Spanish airports, could spread' I knew they wouldn't suspect an under18 for voting Tory, he said.' The earthquake in Qinghai  nFrom whence cometh my help' Vladimir Putin snubs Britain and US over VE Day celebrations ' Palestinian Leaders Approve Peace Talks With Israel' Polish pop star faces two years' prison for blasphemy; made negative statement about the Bible in TV interview. Whistleblowing Swedish model sought by Indian police' 2nd blast hits Russian mine  contact lost with rescuers...' Man arrested at Karachi airport with batteries and electrical circuit found in shoes.' 12 dead, 83 trapped in Russia mine after blasts' I find it really hard to believe the japanese govt. We hunt whales for Science! when I see articles like this.. ' Israel's 'security measures'  don't make me laugh    ToryLib Dem coalition threatened by secret hardline memo on Europe' Strong Earthquake Hits off Coast of Sumatra (again)' Chinese workers exposed to hazardous chemicals while working on iPhones. Apple to blame?' Costa Rica inaugurates new president Laura Chinchilla' Hey reddit, don't forget to celebrate Nazi defeat tonight! The Moscow Victory Day ( ) Parade begins at 2AM EST. Includes foreign contingents, ICBM launchers, Vintage tanks, planes, and a horse. Pope accepts resignation of German bishop in sex probe | Reuters' Mossad agent in Dubai assassination also wanted in New Zealand' Philippines faces election failure' Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits near Indonesia's Aceh, tsunami alert issued Five headless bodies found near Acapulco ' Questions about the UK election aftermath from an ignorant American' The blast took out all of the interior walls where everyone was hanging out having  I am not making this up  a party to celebrate seven years of accidentfree work on this rig, the transcript said.' Chavez rockets to No. 1 on Twitter in Venezuela' Man stabs eight to death in latest China killings' Air travel hit as volcano hurls up new ash cloud.  It has forced the closure of airports in Spain and Portugal.' Britain last had a hung parliament in March 1974  This is how The Economist greeted its arrival' Coal mine explosion in Russia kills 12, traps dozens' NADINE DORRIES, the Conservative MP, faces the first expenses complaint of the new parliament after a row about a 10,000 claim she paid to a friends company.' China clears murderer after 'victim' shows up alive  10 years later. Apparently torturing for 'confessions' with chilli water and fireworks doesn't always work. Briton jailed for kiss in Dubai condemns Emirate's 'hypocrisy' In Belgium, there are no national political parties, no national newspaper, no national TV channel, no common school curriculum or higher education, and no national football team. There is, however, the national debt, running at 80% of GDP.' After an election that left no party with a clear majority, the final decision over who becomes Britain's next prime minister could lie in the hands of one woman who never votes The queen. Iran Executes Five Activists, Sending Message to Critics' Mali imam living in fear after backing women's rights The China model === The Beijing consensus is to keep quiet.  nIn the West people worry that developing countries want to copy the China model. Such talk makes people in China uncomfortable' Journalist Assaulted for Reporting on Corruption in India' US and British troops march through Red Square for the first time, past the mausoleum of Vladimir Lenin, as Russia celebrates the 65th anniversary of the end of WW II' According to Australian opposition leader, the Earth was hotter when Jesus was around than it is today. Citation needed!' Ordinary Greeks angry at government and rioters But youth see debt crisis as evidence that the capitalist system is broken.' 40,000 Prostitutes Ready For The World Cup' In Uganda, AIDS War Is Falling Apart ' Mercury high in Japanese town that hunts dolphins' 'Its not a bailout for Greece. Its a bailout for European banks' Central Obrera Boliviana, the largest union in Bolivia and longtime ally of president Evo Morales, has called for an indefinite strike starting tomorrow asking for a bigger increase in wages than the 5% announced last week.' Mass grave find shows Serbia slowly facing up to past' Merkel coalition routed in German state voting' EU parliament urged to investigate H1N1 outbreak' British Pagan police get right to take festivals as holiday' Bombings, driveby shootings kill at least 84 across Iraq' A man in central China was freed after nearly 10 years in prison for murder after his alleged victim turned up alive ... in a case that raises concerns about police using torture to extract confessions.' WWII's Operation Mincemeat  The Germans did not realizeuntil it was too latethat William Martin was a fiction. The man they took to be a highlevel courier was a mentally ill vagrant who had eaten rat poison; his body had been liberated from a London morgue... What's In a Name?  When it comes to oil spills, apparently its a lot. [WashPost] Interview with Economist Nouriel Roubini  More crises will come and go before world leaders agree on true reform. Breaking up huge banks would be a good place to start.' BBC News  Gordon Brown 'stepping down as Labour leader'  New Zealand women are regularly getting drunk and cruising around in packs looking for men to have sex with.' Kosovo Albanian mass grave found under car park in Serbia' Gordon Brown Resigns As Prime Minister and Labour Leader With Immediate Effect ' If the only metric of success is to kill members of alQaeda and the Taliban, then certainly drone attacks have been successful, but if the objective is to win the global war on terror and to defeat the radicalisation agenda in this part of the world then I think there are a lot of questions.' Samsung sues a British columnist for libel over a satirical spoof.' Australian smokers get a rude shock with graphic new cigarette packaging policy' A Father saving his Son' 4 people are missing after a house in Quebec just  suddenly sank into a 9metre deep sinkhole. Holy  shit.' Red Cross confirms 'second jail' at US Bagram airbase, Afghanistan. Former prisoners tell BBC they were held at this secret jail and subjected to abuse.  S. Korea plays tough, North wont get free World Cup coverage' Birth Defects in Fallujahs Children. Up to 15 times as many chronic deformities in infants, compared to a year ago. Cases include include a baby born with two heads, babies with multiple tumors, and others with nervous system problem. Still wondering why they hate us?' Wanted by Interpol Sigurur Einarsson, former Chairman of Kauping, one of the fallen Icelandic banks.' Dear BBC, I hope you survive the latest UK government' Amateur Video Of Gulf Oil Slick  Damage Appears To Be Much Worse Than BP Admits' China suffers seventh child stabbing attack in a month' Legal Highs now illegal in Ireland.' The accidental hero. How Cornish sailor saved islanders' Nothing matters except the church's image Iraqi insurgents kill 102 in a series of suicide  bombings from Mosul to Basra in Iraq, the highest  number in one day this year, and jeopardizing a  planned US withdrawal.' French parliament condemns full Islamic face veil' Ireland introduces immediate blanket ban on legal highs.' Mexico's Army seizes huge drugcartel weapons cache Russia says may build nuclear power plant in Syria' Apparantley, Israel's Commitment to Human Rights was Good Enough for the OECD, which voted Israel in Unanimously Yesterday. Disaster unfolds slowly in the Gulf of Mexico [pics]' Police force their way into home and handcuff a 63 year old man for having a poster saying David CameronWanker in his window' Man who gambled on his life dies' North Korea reports nuclear fusion success' Protesters attempt to storm Irish parliament.   Protesters angry at Ireland's multibillion efforts to bail out its banks have tried to storm the entrance of the Irish parliament and several have been injured in scuffles with police.  World's Largest Open Border  Bullshit. Young Quebec girl accosted and left stranded in downtown Windsor after attempting to cross the border WITH HER FUCKING PASSPORT. The EU has given Estonia a green light to join the Eurozone in 2011' Egyptian Emergency Law Is Extended for 2 Years giving Gov't the right to arrest people without charge, detain prisoners indefinitely, limit freedom of expression and assembly, and maintain a special security court Sweden has expelled a highranking Syrian diplomat for allegedly planning to abduct his daughter, Swedish media report.' US planned nerve gas attack on Australian troops Newly declassified files reveal that US military scientists wanted to bomb and spray 200 mainly Australian troops with the deadly nerve agents in the 1960s' The UK has a new Prime Minister' Personal cellphone data end up for sale at Mexico flea market. The government had asked everyone to register their phones, but many refused, citing fears of spying or other misuse of the data. It turns out they were right.' Samsung declares war on free speech' This is the fith time in a few weeks, what is going on in China?  Man kills eight at Chinese nursery ' My tweet was silly, but the police reaction was absurd Guardian.co.uk blogger on his arrest and prosecution for Twitter airport comment.' A regiment of eunuchs should be established to guard India's borders and leading politicians, a state minister said, citing their loyalty and integrity' Acid attacker jailed for 30 years for avenging family's 'dishonour' Another school massacre in China. It's more than a coincidence now. Is this a new form of terrorism against the state? Citing the Bible, PM of Israel says that Jerusalem and its alternative Hebrew name Zion appear 850 times in the Old Testament and that this proves it is the indivisible capital of Israel' 7 children, 2 adults hacked to death with kitchen cleaver in China kindergarten attack ' North Korea Claims Nuclear Fusion' Lone survivor in plane crash this morning (BBC)' Breaking News Another schoolstabbing in China leaves seven dead, at least another 20 wounded' BP throws kitchen sink at oil Geyser. Plans to dump junk in the well; Tires, balls, and other crap.' MI5 faces allegations over torture of British man in Bangladesh' The British Home Office denies Iranian LGBT rights activist and documentarian Kiana Firouz's request for asylum. If deported, she faces 300 lashes and public hanging for unrepentant homosexuality. MAKE SOME NOISE. Swedish artist Vilks I'm ready to go up again. This must be carried through. You cannot allow it to be stopped.  As a matter of principle, Uppsala University should give him the opportunity to finish his lecture, otherwise what you get is a mob deciding what can be discussed at the university.' Hugo Chavez I'm afraid to inform you that gas platform Aban Pearl sank a few moments ago. The good news is that 95 workers are safe' SPAIN seeks arrest of 13 CIA agents.' Taiwan writes UN womens rights convention into domestic law' Incoming British FM Wont Rule Out Attacking Iran and vowed to see British law changed so as to hold Israeli officials immune from war crimes charges' Interior Minister Israel will never freeze construction in Jerusalem' Greece MUST leave the euro. People are not seeing the big picture here. ' Human Rights Watch IDF wantonly destroyed homes during Gaza war' Iran 'sentences Newsweek man in absentia to 13 years' London has 500,000 surveillance cameras, more than any other city in the world An average Person can be filmed 300 times in a single day In London' Thai General shot during interview' Gulf oil spill firms ignored warning signs before blast.' France prepares to ban burqa' The Russian security forces have killed three people suspected of organising the suicide bombings in the Moscow metro after they resisted arrest.' China has suffered two more attacks against young children, in an unprecedented spate of violence that has seen eight stabbings in just over a month.' Military proposes medal for troops showing restraint' At the beginning of this year, a wannabe neoNazi burned down the House of Democracy in the small town of Zossen just south of Berlin. The case lays bare the deep roots of extremism in eastern Germany.' Outsourcing unit to be set up in Indian jail  undertake backoffice work for banks' Sperm donor shortage dampens Aussie hopes Australia has a total of only 30 official sperm donors. Why?' Portugal unveils crisis tax to cut deficit  Jos Scrates, Portugals prime minister, on Thursday announced tough new austerity measures, including a crisis tax on wages and big companies, designed to more than halve the countrys gaping budget deficit in less than two years.' Russia warns U.S. against unilateral Iran sanctions ' Chinese authorities have issued arrest warrants for three police officers suspected of torturing man who was wrongfully convicted of murder and jailed for 10 years.' French prostitutes oppose reopening brothels  The sex workers union, which represents more than 250 prostitutes in France, is adamantly opposed to government meddling in its business and would rather maintain as much independence over its members' livelihoods as possible. News Flash  Russia not as forgiving and delicate in dealings with Somali pirates.' Kabul rises again [pics]' Israeli settler 'kills Palestinian teenager' with a bullet in his back Can suicide bombers be funny?' Thai troops fire on redshirts as crisis escalates. One protester shot dead as thousands join Bangkok standoff, Photographer and journalist also shot in night of violence' Tenyearold Dutch boy Ruben van Ashout will always be known as the lone survivor or miracle boy of the Afriqiyah Airways tragedy. But how do such survivors cope with life after all others have perished?' Renegade Thai general shot in head, aide says' Spanish judge who indicted Augusto Pinochet and Osama bin Laden was suspended for overstepping his jurisdiction in a probe of atrocities committed during and after Spain's ruinous civil war Fresh from Gulf disaster, BP urges Canadian legislators to drop regulations' Leaked Russian document Could Medvedev era tilt more proWest?' Bill Gates' cloudwhitening trials 'a dangerous experiment' Fighting child sex trafficking in Tanzania Poverty, broken families and social attitudes make it difficult to fight exploitation.' May 6 Meltdown trader identified' Regulators at the Minerals Management Service exempted 27 offshore drilling projects in the Gulf of Mexico from indepth environmental analysisafter the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded. One of the exemptions went to BP. Deepwater Horizon had been exempted. ' Indonesia 'uncovers plot to kill president' and foreigners in a Mumbai style attack For almost 400 years, the residents of Oberammergau have performed their worldfamous Passion Play. But the play's avantgarde director, who is determined to erase traces of antiSemitism from the piece, has left locals at odds over how to reconcile modern Christianity and tradition. Japanese government blocks a ban on child pornography on the grounds that it would infringe individuals' freedom of expression US Pilots' Snapshots Reveal Extent of Germany's PostWar Devastation  In May 1945, US pilots embarked on hundreds of reconnaissance flights, aboard the same bombers which had razed much of Germany to the ground. Instead of launching bombs, however, they shot photographs... Greek Economic Crisis Turkish PM and delegation in Greece to discuss disarmament. Unprecedented talks on ceasing centuries of hostility. ' nnAmnesty has condemned the executions in Iran of four Kurdish political activists and an Iranian man, all convicted of moharebeh (enmity against God).' Sick Businessman Lodges Physical Abuse Complaint Against Ryanair' India diverts funds from poor to pay for Delhi gamesnn' Portugal to hike taxes, cut wages in austerity drive' Former covert Israeli forces 'training Kurds in Iraq'  Iraqi election commission finds no fraud in the country's election Thai General Shot; Army Moves to Face Protesters' Remember that plane crash that killed off the Polish government? Russia refuses to turn over the Polish jet's black boxes.  beautifully shot time lapse footage of the volcano is iceland.' The love story begins [pic]' Google has admitted that for the past three years it has wrongly collected information people have sent over unencrypted wifi networks.' Mexican Head of Political Party PAN tweets that ex Presidential Candidate Diego Fernandez de C's body has been found in a military camp (translated)   16 year old Jessica Watson completes her solo circumnavigation' USSR planned nuclear attack on China in 1969' Turkish article on Greek crisis The core problem (in Greece) seems to be the delusion that most socialists seem to believe that governments have unlimited wealth, and the only matter is how hard can you press them to distribute it?' Jewish settlers shoot dead Palestinian youth.  The body of a Palestinian teenager was found in the occupied West Bank on Friday, and Palestinian police and witnesses said he had been shot dead by Jewish settlers after he threw rocks at their car.' Roman Polanski accused of sexually assaulting British actress when she was 16 ' Bangkok bloodshed 'Live fire zone' declared Racial tensions mount in Greece Greek economic crisis accelerates clashes between immigrants and locals.' UK politician who was mocked on Reddit for thinking IP stood for intellectual protocol is stabbed in the stomach by 21yearold woman wearing an orange headscarf and veil' Hugo Chvez's Government The Wrecking Of Venezuela  Venezuelans are starting to fall out of love with their president. Will they be allowed to vote him out of power?   Banknote Of IllRepute    nBritish police ban 500 note, used almost exclusively for moneylaundering. You can swallow 150,000 in 500 notes, or hide 20,000 of them a cigarette packetn' Turkey positions missiles to repulse Israeli aerial incursions' Japan sinks (even) lower on gender discrimination report' Don't worry about that pesky oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, it's relatively tiny  Tony Hayward, BP CEO' Iran's Homeless Dissidents  Asylum Requests Still Pending a Year after the Green Revolution What happens to the Iraqis that work for the United States after the U.S. leaves?' Former Mexican presidential candidate kidnapped' Ahmadinejad acks Brazil plan for nuclear fuel swap' US Embassy warns against any travel to Bangkok' Sarkozy threatened to quit euro in showdown with Germany' A RussianUzbek challenge to the US ' Shit's about to get real in Thailand... One more employee from Foxconn (Iphone manufacturer) falls off building and dies' Dubai  Couples who publicly kiss are jailed, yet the  state turns a blind eye to 30,000 imported prostitutes' IranFarzad Kamangar Executed' Were not going to take any extra efforts now to calculate flow there at this point. Its not relevant to the response effort BP' South Korea's navy fires warning shots at intruding North Korean patrol boats.  Scientists fear BP spill far worse than thought  one of the plumes is 16 kilometres long, nearly fivekilometres wide and 91 metres thick' Volcanic ash closes UK airports' The hypocrisy of child abuse in many Muslim countries...one former warlord boasted of having up to 3,000 boys over a 20year period, even though he was married, with two sons.' Why are British women's breasts getting bigger? Spains Jobless Find It Hard to Go Back to Farm' Like all political jargon, the word 'progressive' has been stripped of meaning Russia to supply Syria with arms' PAKISTAN A girl of 14 year was gang raped to take revenge from her father for nominating accused persons in a theft case' Once were all finally distracted from the possibility of the Gulf of Mexico being turned into a dead sea by the next 24/7 crisis  expect repeats. After all, what happens when, in the tough oil era, the BPs of this world hit the melting Arctic with their deep water rigs in really bad climates?' New book suggests Canada's Government is pushing the Evangelical Christian Agenda. A hero finally brought to heel by his opponents Judge Baltasar Garzn suspended over Franco investigation' Puerto Rico just had an earthquake! It was around 5.41 according to the latest update.' Labour hid scorched earth debts' Redshirts warn of civil war as Thai troops told to shoot on sight' Google Says It Mistakenly Collected WiFi data including web usage data from its StreetView vans' Carnage and curfew in Bangkok' A moderate earthquake has rattled the eastern Dominican Republic and western Puerto Rico | Global News Hound' The American Taliban Are Coming The drone war over Pakistan  covert, mercenary and a mix of both  is considered not only by Pashtuns but by most of Pakistani public opinion for what it is a USconducted war  an extrajudicial, systematic mass killing of unknown, invisible people.' Magnitude 5.7 Earthquake in Puerto Rico 116AM GMT 4' Chomsky said the interrogators had told him he had written things that the Israeli government did not like. I suggested they find any government in the world that likes anything I say, he said.' Hamas destroys dozens of homes in southern Gaza... wait, what?n      n    nt Arab News' Protests turn deadly in Thailand [pics]' It's the greatest bank robbery in world history, and the BANKS ARE DOING THE ROBBING!' Heterosexual couple in court battle for their right to the civil union 'partnership' homosexual couples are allowed... Israel's apartheid road Israeli army still banning Palestinians from using highway 443. It's barefaced segregation Teen's murder sparks Facebook privacy plea London gets a new bus  'new Routemaster' design unveiled It's over in Iran One year after prodemocracy protests, residents whisper the regime has won.' [T]he chances of a successful succession from the firstgeneration dictator to his son are roughly one in four, and no grandson of a firstgeneration dictator has ever succeeded in taking over a regime and consolidating his power.' Robert Fisk We know all about Guantanamo. I was wrong. Prisoners could be threatened with nightmarish scenarios like rendition to Egypt or Israel where, they would disappear' BP's Oil Spill is Latest Crime in a History of Plunder G.M. Posts Its First Profit in 3 Years as Sales Rise 40 Percent' There is a new proposal in Sydney where developers have the right to bulldoze ecologically sensitive land as long as they protect land somewhere else.' Thai government is preparing a massacre.' 'Honor killings' aimed at suppressing castes in India Senior Mexican politician goes missing' Iran Accepts Shipping Uranium to Turkey 1,200 kilograms, of low enriched uranium to be stored for one year, then they would have the right to receive 120 kilograms of material enriched to 20 percent from Russia and France' Retired man spends 7 years on 5,000piece jigsaw puzzle only to discover one piece is missing' Death in Dubai Suspect in Mabhouh killing 'had genuine British passport' Chavez asks Venezuelans to use Twitter to blow the whistle on currency speculators' After 18 hours of negotiations, Turkey and Brazil seal nuclear fuel swap deal with Iran, details awaited' How Liverpool docks became a hub of Europe's deadly cocaine trade 'Many dead' in India bus attack by Maoists A Message from Argentina Our Sympathies to the People of Greece! ' Elvis Costello and Santana cancel show in Israel supporting an academic and cultural boycott to protest its occupation of Palestinian territory' Saudi woman beats up virtue cop  According to the Saudi daily Okaz, a woman allegedly laid into the religious policeman, punching him repeatedly, and leaving him to be taken to the hospital with bruises across his body and face.' South Korea will formally blame North Korea on Thursday for launching a torpedo at one of its warships ' Portugal legalizes samesex marriage' Hypocrisy at its height, Museum of Tolerance built on a 1000 year old Muslim cemetery in Jerusalem.' France has first urka rage' incident.  A 60yearold lawyer ripped a Muslim woman's Islamic veil off in a row in a clothing shop in what police say is France's first case of burka rage.  ' Berlin Set to Relax Cannabis Laws  A new marijuana policy could make it legal for individuals to posses up to 15 grams (0.5 ounces) of the drug in the German capital. The regulation would make Berlin among the most cannabisfriendly in Europe.' 2010 Dakar Rally Did $566,000 In Damage To Chile's Archaeological Sites Former Dutch Liberal leader says legalise all drugs' UK Police call for remote button to stop cars' Abuse victims' fury as Cardinal Sean Brady, head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, refuses to quit for his part in a secret canonical tribunal in 1975 at which two minors were made to swear oaths of silence about their allegations against the paedophile priest Father Brendan Smyth Screaming demands for financial reforms and an end to corporate lobbying, hundreds of people have been rallying in Washington. Protesters want Wall Street banks held accountable for the economic meltdown. 'Too Big to Fail' Not Too Big to Jail Israel offered to withdraw from the Golan Heights in exchange for Syria cutting its ties with Iran and the resistance movements. Syria responds saying that reality proves Israel is not working for peace ' So basically, the right to strike has been abolished in Britain' It is open season on journalists in Russia' Somalia, the Perfect Failed State  Somalia, which has been without a functioning government for almost two decades, serves as a warning for what could happen to other failed states.' 'We've run out of cash' England is screwed. Hey reddit, how about condemning this?  A Court in Egypt is to rule next month on whether Egyptian men married to Israeli women are to be stripped of their citizenship.' The Swedish Pirate Party Becomes The Pirate Bays New Host After Another Attempt To Take It Down By Hollywood Studios' South Korea North responsible for torpedo attack on warship' The agreement on the transfer of Iran's enriched uranium, achieved via TurkishBrazilian mediation, is an important victory for Iranian diplomacy and a debacle for Israeli policy Bangladeshi children take a steroid commonly used to fatten cattle in order to make them look a bit more developed and because the customers like them to have a bit more curves.' Vietnamese girl in one of the unforgettable images of the Vietnam War , has been reunited by the BBC with Christopher Wain, the ITN correspondent who helped save her life 38 years ago.' 17,000 Form Human Chain At U.S. Base In Japan' New Iran sanctions plan agreed, Hillary Clinton says' Crackdown in Bangkok [pics]' Scientology president's daughter slams 'toxic' church, describes lonely childhood of forced separation from parents Top Italian policemen get up to five years for violent attack on G8 protesters ' How can I disturb social order? What happens in my house is a private matter.   Swingers on trial in China. ' Germany bans naked short selling and the trading of naked credit default swaps involving euro zone debt. The bans target two types of speculative trading that have been blamed for exacerbating the financial crisis and Europe's sovereign debt crisis.  Noncrew in cockpit in Polish president's plane crash Abu Dhabi woman reports gang rape and is charged with illegal sex. The court's reasoning She had agreed to be in a car with a man, so she had agreed to sex. Former ministers legalise all drugs!  Save the country, legalise drugs. Under this striking banner, two former Dutch government ministers (for Foreign Affairs and Health) are launching their revolutionary plan.' Experts feared that it would happen  and now it has. The devastating oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico has come in contact with a strong ocean current. As a result, the oil could end up further afield, with unforeseen and potentially devastating consequences.[+gallery]' Brazil wants Iran sanctions dropped I think that ignoring this agreement would be despising a peaceful solution' Britain rejects Falkland Islands talks with Argentina' I did not know that boycotting your occupier's goods, the ones that are produced on your stolen land, is an act of hate!' World's fish stocks may vanish in 40 years  More than 20 million people employed in the fishing industry may need to be retrained for other work over the next 40 years if the final collapse of fish stocks in the world's oceans is to be avoided, the UN has warned. President of France's cabinet approves bill to ban full Islamic veil  White House okays missile defense aid for Israel' Pakistan will block Facebook because of 'Draw Muhammad Day'. BREAKING VIDEO Troops move in on Red Shirts camp' WikiLeaks founder has his passport confiscated' Refugee advocates say at least nine asylum seekers returned to Sri Lanka by the Howard government were killed and those sent back in past year have been held in police custody and some assaulted.' Euro drops to new fouryear low against US dollar' Tensions getting high on University of Victoria campus after police intervene between pro and antibunny factions.' Facebook is a major influence on girls 40% of girls identified Facebook as one of the most important things in their lives  compared with 6% of boys.' New photocopy rules in Tibet city' Based on investigations of the wreckage, South Korea will formally blame North Korea for sinking one of its navy vessels in March.' The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that German laws on preventive detention is a violation of their human rights. Now Germany will be forced to release almost 200 felons, including convicted rapists and multiple murderers. The first offender has already been released.' Five paintings by Picasso, Matisse and other great artists have been stolen from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris.' Canada to introduce the most draconian copyright bill ever written next week.' North Korea Threatening War if Punished for Sinking South Korean Ship' Oh Australia, what will you do next? Australian customs officials now require you to declare any pornography you are carrying, even if it's legal. Of all the possible scenarios for why North Korea would have been involved in the Cheonan incident, the one that should worry us the most is the possibility that it was NOT Kim Jong Il who gave the orders. ' Haitian Farmers Commit to Burning Monsanto Seeds' World Cup bomb plot detailed by alQaeda suspect. Planned to target the Dutch and Danish teams/fans in revenge for cartoons drawn of the Prophet Muhammad' 2012 Mascots.. what?' Scientists in the US have succeeded in developing the  first synthetic living cell' Australian 'Family Values' MP David Campbell  Resigns After Being Filmed Leaving Gay Sex Clu All hell is breaking loose in Thailand.  Stock exchange is on fire.' Belgian cardinals prevent priests to be in a private room with children.' Top Scientologist 'covered up sex abuse' Seoul says N Korea sank patrol ship  ' Britain's first abortion television advert in spite of ban. Great Britain, Even Greater. Australian customs officers have been given new powers to search incoming travellers' laptops and mobile phones for pornography' A Thai Writer's Response to the Western Media's Inaccurate Portrayal of the Thai Crisis White South Africans, concerned about racism and crime, have launched a Facebook petition to return to Holland, where their ancestors lived 300 years ago.' Unwitting East German Defectors Revisit Decision to Stay or Go  A group of East Germans were presented with a unique dilemma when the plane they were on got hijacked to West Berlin in 1978 Should they defect to the West or return home?' China Builds Up Amphibious Forces.' Now pakistan blocks youtube.' Merkel warns of potential failure of the European Union; Bans risky trading practices' Extradition of computer hacker Gary McKinnon put on hold' North Korea condemned by world powers over torpedo attack' The same judge who issued the warrant to search Gizmodo editor Jason Chens apartment has now ordered it unsealed, ruling against the San Mateo County district attorneys office which had argued that unsealing the documents may compromise the investigation. ' South African newspaper, Mail & Guardian, challenged in court over intention to publish Muhammad cartoon by veteren satirist Zapiro; M & G win, and the cartoon is on newstands today.' Palestinians make surprisingly large land offer to Israel Giving up twice the West Bank territory' Australian Scientology president's daughter slams toxic church' S. Korea Says North Will 'Pay' For Ship Sinking Childwitch hunting Pentecostal preacher Helen Ukpabio perhaps one of the most horrid people in the world.' Israeli Soldiers Settle Dispute With Bedouin By Killing His Camel  Following an argument that lasted several minutes, the soldiers left the tent, but one of them kneeled down and fired at the camel.' Lithuania court rules swastikas are part of the country's cultural identity 7 big oil accidents waiting to happen' Foxconn, the Chinese company that makes iPods and iPads, has had another employee suicide bringing them to total of 8 this year' London 2012 Olympic mascots soon to be terrifying children everywhere' Rape case defendants to be given anonymity  Times Online  (and other measures of the new UK government)' Nun excommunicated after approving lifesaving abortion at Catholic hospital.' Report PA willing to have NATO forces in future state' Russian politics have gotten so weird that now the Kremlin is executing raids against the Russian chess federation to install the right chess master at its head' Palestinians mark 'Nakba' with tears and questions.Claudette Habesch stood at the gate of what had once been her family house, tears in her eyes as she pointed to the garden shaded by a large date palm. BrazilTurkey Deal with Iran Undermines Big Power Politics' North Korea says South pushing towards war' North Korea warns of war amid evidence of torpedo attack in March' Dubai gets a massive restructuring plan for it's massive debt The U.S. Begins Massive Military Build Up Around Iran, Sending Up To 4 New Carrier Groups In Region' Converting to Catholicism to teach  Unemployed, nonreligious educators are turning to Catholicism in an attempt to secure a coveted teaching position' Hotel guilty of discriminating against a guest who was participating at a conference on ethnic discrimination at the time. ' Historical Levels of flooding coming to Warsaw' UK family shot dead in eastern Pakistan' The 8 most hated financial products' Canada 'marijuana seed dealer' extradited to US  may face up to 25 years in US jail for a crime punishable by only a $200 fine in Canada Russians Capture, Raid and Destroy Pirate Ship (video)' Hamas is set to destroy 180 Gaza houses in order to erect an Islamic religious center. Palestinian Center for Human Rights says Hamas has already destroyed 20 homes, forcing 150 people to live in tents.' SAUDI ARABIA Woman Opens Fire on Religious Police Officers' The secret life of Wikileaks founder Julian Assange ' John Cleese plans 'alimony tour' to pay his exwife  Armed with a netbook, medical supplies and a bicycle, Bangladesh's InfoLadies are giving millions of poor people access to crucial information on their doorsteps that will improve their chances in life  Fijian dictator plans to modernise the country by introducing public floggings, dress codes for women' 7 Abandoned Wonders of the Former Soviet Union Deserted Cities, Buildings, Bases and More [pics]n' Owner of Kyrgyzstan fuel depot speaks out Could American officials be prosecuted for corruption?' Toyota investing $50m in electric car firm Tesla Motors' Pink Hitler posters provoke fury in Italy' 160+ dead in Air India crash' BBC News  How France maintains its grip on Africa' Brazil orders Polish priest arrested in abuse case' In Havana, it's illegal for Cubans to migrate to Cuba EU staff demand more money in the midst of debt crisis' Six survivors in the horrific plane crash in Mangalore, India' Freedom Flotilla begins journey to Gaza' AUSSIES heading to South Africa for the World Cup are in more danger of becoming a victim of violence than in Afghanistan.' German torpedo sank South Korea ship report ' Thai government talks reconciliation' According to Clinton, evidence is overwhelming in Korean warship sinking.' Chinese gov't All geo data about China must be stored on servers inside China Clinton Sees House She Helped Build at China Expo' Ten thousand tons of cargo, 800 passengers, 50 nationalities, nine vessels  one aim  to break the siege on Gaza.' Scottish woman approached in the street and offered  200 to be sterilised by US group' Another one bites the dust Polish catholic priest arrested in Brazil accused of having a pedophilic 'erotic dungeon' New UK Defence Secretary wants to speed up withdrawal of British troops from Afghanistan, says the UK isn't a 'global policeman' Two Italian grocery chains to boycott Israeli produce' The world's poor spend 2% of their income educating their children, and 4 to 8% on alcohol and tobacco.  The Catholic Church requests the public to donate  at least 1 million to church collections today to  fund three big open air masses at which Pope  Benedict XVI will present while in the UK. The rest  of the money is paid for by the British government.' AntiIslam movement reaches Poland Eastern Europe has had little tension over Muslim immigration, but that could change.' Japan's Prime Minister breaks campaign promise, caves to pressure to continue U.S. Military Base in Okinawa Israeli Soldier Shoots Bound Palestinian [video]' Taliban win 1,600 bounty for each Nato soldier killed' Broke Britain 'can no longer afford role in Afghanistan' Councils have used antiterrorism laws to try to catch people donating goods outside charity shops and to make sure dogs are wearing collars' Israeli government approves Schalit law, the bill denies visitation rights to Hamas prisoners in Israeli jails.' Japans PM apologises over US military base' Saudi 'emo' girls busted by religious cops In a democracy they would have been put on trial, says Imad Falluji, a former leader of Hamas who abandoned it in the mid1990s. Under Hamas military rule they were simply tortured and executed. ' North Korea Demands Access to Sunken Warship Investigation' Prosecution asks to subpoena Naomi Campbell in war crimes trial because of new evidence of 'Blood Diamond' gift from former Liberian president Charles Taylorn Britain considers policy shift on Afghanistan  So Should We!' Noncrew in cockpit of Polish plane' Kim Jong ordered the attack on South Korean warship' Astronomer Copernicus reburied as hero in Poland' The Cuban government's role in the economy is  diminishing as selfemployment and private  ownership of barber shops and beauty salons are  legalized. (w/vid) Government 'secretly ditched' Japan whaling case Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to the apartheid regime' Ireland's largest ISP begins disconnecting users who are accused of piracy Twenty masked gunmen in Gaza attack and burn to the ground a summer camp for children run by UNRWA for teaching schoolgirls fitness, dancing, and immorality.' How the South Korean ship, the Cheonan, was sunk' Israel 'tried to sell nuclear weapons'  If Obama and co. were serious about a sustained process of nuclear diminution, an early part of that process has to be an Israel that comes out of the closet' Besides being a very unhealthy beverage, CocaCola has another dirty secret; the CocaCola Company has been involved in some kidnappings involving union leaders and organizers at its Colombia bottling facilities. Many of those kidnapped have been severely tortured and even murdered by company thugs' Let's not forget how Royal Dutch Shell had Human Rights Activist Ken Saro Wiwa executed  4 Year Old Saved By Store Owner ' The Federal Government is expelling an Israeli diplomat after it found Israel faked Australian passports which were used in a hit on a top Hamas commander in Dubai.' BP calls in Kevin Costner's $26m vacuum cleaners to mop up huge oil spill French people protest in Cannes over Algeria film,  which made them look evil' Norwegian press gives the real story about what's happening with the gulf oil cleanup... We really aren't getting the whole story here.  (Use Chrome or Google page translation) A state of emergency has been declared in parts of  the Jamaican capital, Kingston, after police were  attacked by armed gangs trying to prevent the  arrest of an alleged druglord.' Bahrain suspends alJazeera' Andrew Wakefield, doc who first linked vaccines and autism, is barred from practicing medicine in the UK.' Israeli nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu jailed.' South Korean President Halts Trade with North They must pay for sinking one of our navy ships' Uzbek Man Jailed for Seven Years for HIV Prevention Efforts' Mordechai Vanunu jailed by Israeli court for unauthorised meetings... how telling the truth can land you in prison' Syrian President Bashar Assad said Monday that he is willing to sign a peace agreement with Israel in exchange for the Golan Heights.' Heres to the Greeks. They know what to do when corporations pillage and loot their country. Call a general strike. Riot. Shut down the city centers. Toss the bastards out. Do not be afraid of the language of class warfarethe rich versus the poor...' Satanic cult teens 'sacrificed' victims then ate them.  nSeven young members of a satanic sect have gone on trial in Russia accused of four gruesome murders in which they ritually sacrificed their victims before cooking and eating parts of them.'  Israel minister Lieberman 'abused trust,' say police Documents Confirm Israel's Nuclear Weapons.  Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to South Africa's apartheid regime in 1975 'for potential strikes against neighboring states' Australia expels Israeli diplomat over Dubai hit' Kenyan Judges rule that Islamic Courts in Kenya  are discriminatory, unconstitutional, and illegal.' Journalism and 'the words of power'... how we are spoon fed thoughts and opinions without realising it Australia expels an Israeli diplomat after a probe  reveals Israel was behind the forging of four  Australian passports linked to the murder of a  Hamas operative in Dubai. What?!' Two gay rights activists arrested in Zimbabwe for hanging a letter from San Francisco mayor Willie Lewis Brown on their own office wall. The letter praised their organisation and criticised Mugabe's stance on gay rights. The charge is undermining the authority of the president.' Could this be what WikiLeaks was hinting at when they said the next few weeks would bring their greatest challenge? If WikiLeaks got ahold of the same secret Petraeus order that the NYT got, it could be HUGE.' South Korea to retaliate against North by blaring propaganda across the border' Swedish Opposition Party Wants All U.S. Bases Removed From Foreign Countries  A RedGreen government will demand that the U.S. dismantle its nuclear weapons and military bases outside its borders.' UK ID card scheme will be scrapped with no refund to holders' N. Korea leader to Army Prepare for war' N. Korea . . . the gig is up! ' Guinness could really be good for you  A pint of the black stuff a day may work as well as a low dose aspirin to prevent heart clots that raise the risk of heart attacks. ' Dozens killed in Jamaican violence on drug kingpins compound' Stalin blocked attempts to kill Hitler  Soviet dictator Josef Stalin blocked two attempts to kill Adolf Hiter during World War Two, fearing that his replacement as Nazi leader would make peace with the Western Allies, a top Russian general said on Tuesday.' Al Jazeera English talks about how N Korea has maintained war footing since 1953.' UK Labour Leader 'Iraq War Was Wrong'  It was an error for which we as a country paid a heavy price, and for which many people paid with their lives. Saddam Hussein was a horrible man, and I am pleased he is no longer running Iraq. But the war was wrong.' Chinese engineers propose world's biggest hydroelectric project in Tibet Fears grow that banks could send euro crisis global' Israeli President Shimon Peres on Monday categorically denied a report that he offered nuclear warheads to South Africa in 1975, when he was defense minister.' Seems Deepwater had an explosion just weeks before it was destroyed...' Kim Jong Il Orders Military to Prepare for Combat' In response to the ridiculous antiUK replies in the case of the rape of a 8 year old girl, heres a follow up article with some more information.' Burka ban rejected by Australian lawmakers. Some saying such a law infringes on women's rights Man charged with knowingly spreading HIV' Irish Justice Minister warns about slandering online' Japan will slaughter dozens of its top Wagyu stud bulls as a footandmouth outbreak continues its rapid spread through the country's south. North Korea Severs All Ties with South Korea' Charges dropped against former Attorney General who struck and dragged a cyclist, killing him.' Catholic Church admits to 100 cases of sex abuse by priests in 10 yrs for Italy' I was just watching the live feed from the spill site and it looked like something collapsed.' The Rothschild banking family is pushing for the privatization of the UKs motorway network that would force Brits, who already pay road tax, to enrich the coffers of private corporations intimately tied in with the Rothschilds by means of road tolls and paybymile schemes.' Voting in the Russian Parliament. A physically fit MP is able to cast 9 votes during each round. ' Russian BitTorrent site admin kidnapped and beaten at gunpoint' Turkish Govenment calls on the Israelis to lift their siege of Gazan civilians and warns them not to block the aid flotilla' The Corporate Stranglehold How BP Will Make out Like Bandits from Its Massive, Still Gushing Oil DisasterThe existing $75 million cap on damages for offshore drilling companies is a bailout every bit as disgusting as those recently bestowed upon Wall Street' Canadian Government Introduces Patriot Actstyle Privacy Law Reforms' Women lacked the authority to stand for a local election community post of local secretary, and they must only be heard through their husbands ... says the chief Rabbi of a West Bank settlement' Shouldnt the world welcome the actions of two significant, responsible and democratic states to intervene and help check the foolishnesses of decades of US policy on Iran?' Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas came out against Iran on Wednesday, calling his people hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians. ' Palestinians complain of 'tree massacre'  Residents of Nahlin told Ynet that dozens of soldiers in jeeps and bulldozers raided the village. In total, 500 plants, including olive trees, fig trees, prickly pear cactus plants, almond trees and grape vines, some hundreds of years old, were uprooted. Ask a Korean What you need to know about and what to think about on the Korean tensions' German bank lown up by robbers in botched raid' Laura Ling reveals details about the human trafficking story she and producer Euna Lee were investigating before being apprehended and then held in North Korea' Culture Minister wants creationist views on the origin of the universe to be represented in national museum.' Flood Of Frogs Shuts Down Major Greek Highway' Monsanto The Corporation Poisoning Our Environment.' A schoolboy threw a plastic bottle at President Nicolas Sarkozy during a visit to discuss violence in French schools' A Yemeni airstrike targeting al Qaeda missed its mark today and killed a mediator by mistake, prompting members of his tribe to blow up a crude oil pipeline in clashes that followed' France's Phony Secularism Secularists should leave Muslim women and their clothes alone If there is no reduced deforestation, we will not pay. If there is reduced deforestation, we will pay, Mr Stoltenberg told the press conference.' B'nai Brith leader pleads guilty to child porn charges. Deal signed today Norway has announced $1bn in aid to protect forests in Indonesia.' Israel committed war crimes in Gaza says a 430page Amnesty annual report, that also accuses Hamas' UK to abolish national identity cards' Colombia set to elect the world's first Green head of state Pope admits church's guilt in abuse scandal Israel vs. Boats nIsraeli government vows to prevent flotilla carrying civilians supplies,nelderly Holocaust survivor, Nobel Peace Prize laureate andnretired U.S. army colonel from reaching Gaza' Israel to stop Gaza aid ships' North Korea warns it will meet war with 'allout war' North Korea scraps South Korea military safeguard pact' Nets slung around Apple factories to deter suicidal employees' Libya opens doors to US tourists  Effective immediately, visas are being approved for US citizens for travel to Libya. We are pleased with the new developments and giving the opportunity to US citizens to return to Libya and explore this magical and scenic land.' Mexican mayor held on drug charges in 'unprecedented' case Death toll rises to 60 in Jamaica as drugrelated violence continues; PM vows to restore order' Israel Gaza aid convoy can unload cargo in Ashdod for inspection' Torture inquiry should leave no stone unturned, says Amnesty  Investigation into human rights abuses promised by William Hague needs to be independent and must look at criminal responsibility, says organisation.' Germany is already facing a demographic nightmare as birth rates fall despite a slew of familyfriendly policies. Now, new statistics show that more people are leaving the country than immigrating  adding to concerns about the country's shrinking population. The Sudanese government says it will no longer  engage in peace talks with the Justice and Equality  Movement, promising to prosecute its leaders  instead.' BP oil well top kill bid continues, no update yet. IN RESPONSE of Los Angeles Times report that had quoted a Coast Guard admiral saying the oil spill  top kill procedure had succeeded in blocking the leak' Israel sets up tents for Gazabound activists' Lehman Brothers suing J.P. Morgan Chase & Co' Thailand a`fullblown military dictatorship' + interview Protest planned at Western Wall against Rahm Emanuel son's bar mitzva Second Iceland volcano 'could erupt' in near future. An eruption in the short term is a strong possibility, experts said, referring to Katla, which is larger and fiercer than Eyjafjoell, in a report from the University College London (UCL) institute for risk and disaster reduction.' 7.2 quake hits South Pacific nation of Vanuatu' Dogs and cat living together  hell frozen over  Japan takes action against online kiddie porn' China will not protect whoever sank a South Korean warship' If, as the Japanese claim, they are hunting whales for scientific purposes why is Peter Bethune being charged for 'obstructing business'? Dont you just wish you lived in Gaza? Dont you just envy those people who get to raise their kids amid such abundance? Look at all the stuff theyve got  SO WHO are these goddamn Jewhaters and their boats' The Israeli Navy also sets off to confront the  international flotilla carrying 10,000 tons of  humanitarian aid as hundreds of people on board  attempt to break the Israeli blockade of the Gaza  Strip.' UK Children as young as four to be fingerprinted to borrow school books from library with a system developed by Microsoft' Oil leak shown on Spillcam is not the only leak.  Some now allege that there is a much larger leak BP isn't showing us. [vid] Berlin court rules Muslim student may not pray at school.  Overturned earlier ruling requiring school to provide him a private prayer room.' Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland,  France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the  Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and  Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36  million in Haiti's remaining debt following January  2010 devastating earthquake. UK PhD student specializing in 19th century homicides accused of murdering three prostitutes.  With a crossbow. And dismembering them. ' Once Upon a Time in Afghanistan... | Photoessay on Afghan life in 1960s, with illustrations from contemporary guide book. Amazing, chastening, to see Westernised country with wellfunctioning factories, unveiled women, hospitals, buses, telecommunications' TEDTalks Inside a school for suicide bombers' Israel's Gaza blockade baffles residents Frozen salmon  we never had it before the blockade, said perplexed salesman Abed Nasser, examining a frozen chunk of fish' Israel allows Palestinians on highway 443 to Ramallah  but blocks the exit' Israeli FM Lieberman Gaza aid convoy is violent propaganda against Israel. There is no humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip. We respond in the most humane way possible' Toronto police get 'sound cannons' for G20 Longrange acoustic devices can be used for crowd control Israel's new est friend'? A complete ban on digitally distributed pornography is being considered by the South African government.' Britain communications regulator, Ofcom, publishes their plan to curb piracy. ' Toll from Jamaica violence climbs to 73 ' Bad cop, no Donut Their bulletproof vests squeeze like corsets, their gun belts lie hidden under rolls of fat. Mexicos police officers may not catch as many criminals as they should, but they have the reputation of rarely missing a taco stand.' Piracy is still piracy, even if it's carried out by a state called Israel China joins talks on Korea crisis' David and Goliath style plan to break the Israeli blockade of the Gaza Strip Israel Defence Force to stop the entrance of the aid flotilla into Gaza' Australia to bring case to International Court of Justice against Japan over scientific whaling' Suspected sabotage derails train in India; 71 dead' The war is over!nn' Who else is scared that in the coming days they will open reddit and on the front page it's going to say North and South Korea are at full scale war, Missiles have been launched! ' Brazilian Police Chief Shot Dead Live On The Air During Radio Interview' Malawi gay couple recently sentenced to 14 years in prison given Presidential pardon' Russia wants '100% proof' N.Korea sunk ship Chinese environmental whistleblower imprisoned, tortured' Attacks on two mosques packed with worshippers from a minority sect in Pakistan. At least 80 people were killed and dozens wounded.' Police Use Ice Cream Music to Breakup Teen Rioters' Big volcanic eruptions in Guatemala & Ecuador' Can Erdogan slay Turkey's zombies?  Three letters W,Q and X absent from the Turkish alphabet but part of the minority Kurdish language, are still officially illegal to utter or print in Turkey, despite the fact a sixth of the population, or 12 million people, are Kurds.   European Muslims' Jewish Friend, Job Cohen, leader of the Dutch Labor Party. Israel rejects Middle East nuclear talks' EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton on Friday called for an immediate end to Israels Gaza blockade, as an aid flotilla prepared to set sail for the enclave despite the embargo.' Israeli official describes agreement calling for a MidEast nuclearfree zone as 'hypocrisy' ... US President Barack Obama backed the deal but said he was strongly opposed to Israel being singled out ... Hint to Obama Israel is the only ME country that didn't sign the NPT.' Chinese workers go on strike!  Honda workers shut down production' Water begins flowing from Pakistani lake ' Russian Parliament Voting Scandal (Video)' Botticelli's Venus and Mars 'high on drugs'  Israel's navy to enforce bizarre list of 100s of approved and disapproved items as international aid flotilla attempts Gaza landing.  A long list of items are banned just because including concrete, cilantro, margarine, jam, and fresh meat.' Taliban capture Afghan district on Pakistan border' The Freedom Flotilla sailing to the Gaza Strip is exposing the partisan nature of the response of the United Nations and the international community to Israel's threeyear siege on Gaza. The siege  enforced by land, air and sea Drawn from the shadows An interview with Banksy.' BBC News  Rwanda arrests US lawyer Erlinder for genocide denial' Pakistan, Iran sign major gas pipeline pact' Israels response  = When hell freezes over... ' Get ready for a crazy summer. Undercover investigation by The Guardian reveals plot by the 'English Defence League' to target Muslim communities, stoke violent racial/religious unrest, and provoke mayhem and disorder this summer across the UK.' In front of 120 million viewers random guy jumps on stage (at 1 min 10 secs) to join the Spanish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest and tries to look like part of the act before being hustled off by security guards' White Poverty In South Africa [pics]' The people of El Salvador are fighting against a Canadian mining giant that was lawfully denied permits for a gold and silver mine that would devastate the local environment and threaten the health and livelihoods of residents' It has been estimated that the mineral wealth in the belt of asteroids between Mars and Jupiter equals about 100 billion dollars for every person on Earth' The government distributed pamphlets advertising a wonder drug that would increase the height of short people. Those who responded to the pamphlets were sent away to uninhabited islands along to rid the next generation of their substandard genes.' This should really be in WTF Israel stations nuclear missile subs off Iran' Canadian boy to return home after 2 years in U.S. foster care after being picked up by Oregon police for not wearing his bike helmet' Despite overwhelming negative response, the Australian government is still going to censor the internet' Shell Oil tried for crimes against humanity' Another Danish pharmaceutical company has withdrawn products from Greece in protest at the government's decision to cut the prices of medicines by 25%. Nigerian oil spills? I am saddened by the Meh.' More than 50,000 Greeks with diabetes are left without insulin after Novo Nordisk, the world's leading supplier of the drug, withdraws from Greece in a brutal capitalist blackmail after being asked to reduce the cost of its medicine by the Greek government.' Mystery faults develop simultaneously in two  ships attempting to break Israel's blockade of Gaza' Japan party quits coalition over US base' 'The Best Party', a parody party in Iceland seems to be winning the capital's municipal elections!  China urges region to step back from Korea clash' Rick Steves A Perspective on Iran; Rick Steves sheds light on Iran, calling it the most misunderstood country he has ever visited.' The Palestinian Authority is considering introducing its own currency called the 'Palestinian pound' An international children's rights charity has said it has evidence that Palestinian children held in Israeli custody have been subjected to sexual abuse in an effort to extract confessions from them. Guatemala volcano rains chaos ' Gazabound aid ships leave Cyprus  Al Jazeera' Pigeon held in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan' Oxford Tradition Comes to This   Death (Expound)  Many candidates, including some of the best, seemed at a loss when confronted with this exercise, ' North Korea rally heightens tensions on the peninsula' BREAKING Israel attacks aid flotilla in international waters  at least 2 people murdered, 30 injured' Youtube video of the aid flotilla attack Clearly shows gunfire and civilian casualties BEFORE Israeli troops board, despite Israeli claims of selfdefence.' Nick Clegg, UK Deputy PM (Dec 22, 2009)  Lift the Gaza blockade. The suffering is shocking. And nobody will benefit from the radicalism that confinement engenders.' Imagine a country where your mobile phone is taken from you at the airport with no explanation or apology, where there's no access to the internet, where your minders watch every move and you're reported if you try to leave your hotel alone. And football is a state secret... Israeli commandos kill 16 Free Gaza activists in international waters, wound at least 60 others' President of Germany resigns for this remarks he made during a surprise visit to Afghanistan Military deployments are necessary in an emergency to protect our interests, for example, when it comes to trade routes' Turkey threatens action; Israel on alert' Israel attacks Gaza aid fleet' Helium balloons float propaganda, DVD's, money, and small radios into North Korea China issues new rules banning evidence obtained through torture in death penalty cases' State of alert throughout Israel. Brink of war or new Intifada' Israel defending the indefensible The Israeli military's justification that its soldiers were lynched and hence were defending themselves adds insult to death.' Report Israel attacks Gaza flotilla, 10 die' Protesters try to storm Israeli consulate in Turkey ' CloseUp Footage of Mavi Marmara Passengers Attacking IDF Soldiers' Japan plans to build robot moon base by 2020' Turkey Future Gaza Aid Ships Will Have Military Escorts' As she asked him about fuel prices he suddenly poured petrol over her from a jug he was holding. He then set her alight' Nigeria's Agony Dwarfs the Gulf Oil Spill. The US and Europe Ignore It French President Sarkozy said Africa should be given a permanent seat on the United Nations Security Council Lack of representation on the peacekeeping body is unacceptable' Former German Foreign Minister How many bailouts will the people of the Western democracies tolerate before the crisis of the global financial system turns into a crisis of Western democracy? The answer is clear not many more.' No weapons on stormed Turkish ship Report' New Zealand animal welfare advisors think animals may experience pain if their throat is cut and they bleed to death without being stunned...' AlJazeera anchorwomen resign over being accused of not dressing conservatively enough' Much Of China's And India's Fresh Water Now Tainted By Pollution And Largely Unusable While everyone gets caught up in the details of the IDFTurkish flotilla incident, here's a good perspective on the bigger picture and strategic implications. Produced by Stratfor, a global intelligence company. UN Security Council condemns acts in international waters, requests release of ships and civilians, full investigation conforming to international standards, and unimpeded distribution of humanitarian assistance in Gaza.' Activists Send New Boat to Challenge Gaza Blockade as Egypt Lifts Its Side of the Blockade to alleviate the suffering of our Palestinian brothers after the Israeli attack on the flotilla' It is a fact that it is ordinary people, activists, call them what you will, who now take decisions to change events. Our politicians are too spineless, too cowardly, to take decisions to save lives' David Grossman writing in The Guardian  The best article I've read in a while from a moderate patriotic Israeli expressing how monday's events illustrate just how messed up Israel has become. First passenger accounts of Israeli attack on flotilla begin to emerge IDF fired BEFORE boarding' PAKISTAN Women Intensify Push to Pass Law Against Acid Attacks' Pentagon claims to have killed Al Qaeda's top chief in Afghanistan...for the second time. Australia launches legal action against Japan over whaling' They're going to have to stop the blockade of Gaza, and one of the ways to do this is for us to continue to send the boats. Two new aid ships on their way to Gaza' New Hungarian Government replacing hundreds of government websites with OMG' Israeli Publicity Machine Cranks Into Gear Over Raid On Mavi Marmara' Israelis haven't expressed much sympathy for Gaza freedom flotilla activists attacked in an Israeli raid Monday. But they're upset that their government walked into what they say was a trap, and botched the mission.   I've had a vasectomy India's economy grows 8.6% Turkey All options are on the table' Israel Holds Hundreds of People Seized During Raid on Freedom Flotilla, While UN Condemns Israel acts and More Ships Depart Toward Gaza' Presenting a Dutch proposal to stop the oil within days' It's Official  Another BP Failure  Efforts To End Flow From BP Well Are Over, Coast Guard Says Egypt opens Gaza border after Israel ship clash' Life inside the North Korean bubble' Israel planning massive attack on Gaza Ahmadinejad' A member of the Israeli Knesset (legislative branch of the Israeli government) on board the Marmara ship when it was ambushed by IDF troops, has told reporters that the intention of the raid was to kill as many on board as they could in order to ward off others from attempting to reach Gaza by sea. ' Swingers' case tests sexual limits in China.  A  professor is sentenced to prison for starting a sex club. Many people say he committed no crime. Lesson if you're willing to die for your cause, punch a soldier in the face and try to get him to shoot you. Ireland to Israel If any harm comes to any of our citizens, it will have the most serious consequences.' Member of the Israeli parliament who was on board the international flotilla corroborate the videotape showing that Israeli forces were firing  before they boarded They wanted many deaths to terrorise us' The United States has blocked demands at the UN security council for an international inquiry into Israel's assault on the Turkish ship carrying aid to Gaza that left nine proPalestinian activists dead BBC News  Gunman kills several in west Cumbria, UK' And thus Glenn Greenwald destroyed an Israel lobby lapdog [vid]' Nicaragua suspends diplomatic ties with Israel' It took its time, but... TOP OFFICIALS from several Government departments and the Garda have recommended the expulsion of an Israeli embassy security officer after concluding that Israel forged Irish passports used by suspects in the murder of a Hamas official in Dubai.' It has long been known that German civilians fell victim to Czech excesses immediately following the Nazi surrender at the end of World War II. But a newly discovered video shows one such massacre in brutal detail. And it has come as a shock to the Czech Republic.' A halfcentury ago, Afghan women pursued careers in medicine; men and women mingled casually at movie theaters and university campuses in Kabul' UK Redditors, if you haven't already done so please sign this petition to lobby the government to push for an *international* investigation into the flotilla attacks Turkish PM  It is no longer possible to cover up or ignore Israel's lawlessness. This bloody massacre by Israel on ships that were taking humanitarian aid to Gaza deserves every kind of curse.' Japan PM to step down for failing to move US base on Okinawa' First reports from flotilla activists witnesses from two other vessels report being attacked with tear gas, rubber bullets, and stun guns.' World War Two bomb explodes in Germany, three dead' Nutmeg is coming to destroy Israel' Barney Frank people are howling for Israel to pay a price that dont seem disturbed that North Koreans killed 46 South Koreans by torpedoing a South Korean boat. I think we have a right to ask for some consistency.' Israel will respond in like with the same commando units with the same level of force, and are willing to take further criticism regarding their response towards future convoys.' Toxicology tests have reportedly found that two teenagers who were thought to have died as a result of taking mephedrone  leading to a successful campaign to ban it  had not taken the drug.' Think S. Korea is free? Police are investigating Internet users for expressing dissenting opinions about the warship incident online. If found guilty, they could be jailed for up to five years or fined.' Why is Gaza under blockade? What's the impact? Israel says there is no humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip, UN strongly disagrees. McDonald's New Gay Friendly Ad A heatwave strikes India and South Asia, reaching  53C and is reported to have killed many hundreds  of people.' UN report says CIA drone strikes in Pakistan 'illegal' In the 62 years of its existence, Israel has never been at peace and continues to be surrounded by enemies even today. A perpetual paranoid State.' Turkey likens Israeli raid on aid ship to 9/11 attacks'