 Associated Press standards editor to staff Combat in Iraq is not over, and we should not uncritically repeat suggestions that it is, even if they come from senior officials. The situation on the ground in Iraq is no different today than it has been for some months. Israel Soldier admits to looting Turkish aid flotilla ship Russian Submarine Hunts Clues to CenturyOld Mystery. Legend has it that almost a century ago a series of railway wagons stuffed with gold sank into the depths of a lake in Siberia. This week, researchers, exploring the depths by submarine, may have found the Russian royals' lost gold. Cheerleaders cover their skin to avoid offending the Iranians at US vs Iran basketball game Hamas, 10 other groups pledge to continue targeting Israelis The European Commission has suspended plans, resisted by Ireland, to allow the transfer to Israel and storage there of sensitive personal data on European citizens Russian spy found dead on beach may have been killed United Nations now says 240 women, girls, and babies may have been raped in DR Congo town. Energy in Brazil The sugar industry produces food, fuel and environmental benefits. How fast it grows may depend on an argument about how it should be regulated Murdoch Reporters's PhoneHacking Was Endemic, Victimized Hundreds  Andy Coulson, currently media advisor to British Prime Minister David Cameron, is accused of having encouraged the hacking during his tenure as editor of Murdochs News of the World paper 13 Palestinian armed groups vow to step up attacks against Israel Europe deporting Iraqi refugees now that combat operations are over Pakistani news site tries hard to blame India and the West for Cricket match fixing scandal Highprofile Portugal child sex abuse 'proved' Spanish 'Mecca' disco angers some Muslims
 Karzai moves to assure Afghan depositors The Kabul Bank intervention sparks a rush of withdrawals Testing Chvez  If the polls are reliable, it seems that Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez will be tested on September 26. For the defenders of Venezuelan democracy, the test will come the morning after The Peanut Solution Suicide blast rips through Pakistan city, 43 dead NATO attack kills 10 civilian campaign workers in Afghanistan.  Press release calls it a precision air strike. US SecDef says he's not aware of civilian casualties and that the attack hit its intended target.  In other news, US complains Karzai is not doing enough to fight corruption. Russia extends ban on Aug. wheat exports A virtual counterrevolution | The Economist Israeli and Palestinian leaders begin framework talks 
on a peace deal Mexico drug war the new killing fields Iran opposition leader's home attacked Tony Blair pelted with eggs and shoes in Dublin Tony Blair honoured with free breakfast and footwear in Dublin. Magnitude 7.4 Earthquake  South Island, New Zealand Muslims cost the state more than they contribute Thilo Sarrazin, member of the Executive Board of the Deutsche Bundesbank, and former senator of finance for the State of Berlin. Food riots erupt in Mozambique. Protests continued in Maputo, Mozambiques capital city, for a third day on Friday in response to increased bread prices and the general rise in the cost of living. At least 10 people are dead, and more than 400 have been wounded. Taliban facing 'financial crisis', general claims  Telegraph Russia's finance minister Smoke and drink more Rare earths Digging in | The Economist If youre wondering why the Arab world is not very excited about the prospects of PalestinianIsraeli negotiations, perhaps the place to look is not there, but rather in the underlying political governance and decisionmaking systems that define the Arab world.
 200 women and some baby boys gangraped by rebels near Congo U.N. base. Two more dead in fresh clash between Armenia and Azerbaijan Swedish men reveal their dream women  Iran on verge of economic calamity because of government policies Could the international marriage market be another casualty of the global recession? Internet dating sites in India report that educated women there are now less interested in meeting US men who work on (unstable) Wall Street and more interested in marrying resident civil servants.  Child grooming case mother warns it could happen to any family | Speaking after nine men are convicted of exploiting daughter, 14, parents praise police, CPS and charity for support Adam Phillips on the happiness myth  Brilliant essay on contradictions of seeking happiness. What we are lacking when we are unhappy is not always happiness, any more than what an alcoholic is lacking is a drink  Panicked Afghans nearly collapse Kabul Bank after loan scandal Game conservation in Africa Horns, claws and the bottom line  Car bomber kills 2, wounds 25 police in Tajikistan
| Reuters Wilders pulls out of Dutch coalition talks No room for sex pests at reed dance in South Africa The trend of collective punishments towards Muslims spreads to the University of California. All Muslims at UCI being punished for the actions of a few irresponsible protesters.   Israeli bid to access sensitive EU personal data resisted The new Netanyahu? Antiimmigrant German Central Bank director sacked I tracked down a man who killed 14,000 people What we could learn from Portugal's drugs policy A decade ago Portugal took a radical new approach to illegal drugs by treating users as people with social problems rather than as criminals 'I would sit there wondering how people could be that bad'  Japan Creating a zerowaste city from scratch Greenpeace activists followed up on Japanese whaling whistleblower, but that case got dropped, and now they're to be jailed for theft, for the evidence they took and publicized to expose corruption. As Sarkozy expels the Gypsies from France, it should be remembered that this genius musician spent most of his youth in Romani camps near Paris playing banjo, guitar and violin.  Jean 'Django' Reinhardt. Israeli aircraft have carried out three bombing raids on the Gaza Strip, killing one man and injuring another.  Iran orders 99 lashes for woman facing execution, rights group says New Zealand earthquake picking up the pieces ETA declares ceasefire in challenge to Spanish government to open talks   Telegraph BBC News  Baghdad suicide bomb attack at army base kills seven French protest over Roma expulsions 
Thousands of people demonstrate against government measures they say are being used to target country's Roma community. Tony Blair pelted with eggs and shoes at book signingFormer prime minister attacked by antiwar protesters in Dublin as he promotes memoirs Brussels plans 'treasury' for EU Grandma Cha Sasoon finally got her license  on her 960th try. Israel foreign minister Peace 'not achievable' | 
Peace deal not possible 'in next year or next generation.' Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erekat Hamas may be willing to accept a peace deal with Israel should the agreement resolve the core issues at hand Dagestan suicide attack kills 5 at Russian army base Iran orders 99 lashes for woman facing execution after they saw the photo of a woman without a head scarf in a newspaper The US will probably keep thousands of soldiers in Iraq beyond the official departure date of end 2011, despite Obama's official announcement last week marking the end of the US combat mission Israeli military aircraft documents recent explosion at Shiite group's weapons cache; shows Hezbollah operatives concealing rockets, transferring weapons Second South African nurse hospitalized after attack by strikers South Africa Civil servants strike  Government employees close schools, hospitals and challenge President Jacob Zuma and ANC. France protests against security crackdown, Roma Expulsion In Christchurch, dawn breaks on a nightmare Peace deal 'not possible' as Israel announces settlement building to resume End of a nation? Get ready for the breakup of Belgium Extraordinary Story of Corruption and Stealing in Russia. Russian Government turns on it's biggest investor and tries to silence the lawyers once they discover the truth. [VIDEO] Tony Blair scraps London book signing. Former PM cancels scheduled appearance at Waterstone's store in Piccadilly days after eggs and shoes were thrown at him in Dublin French officials unfazed as thousands rally for Roma. Tens of thousands of people have protested in cities across France against a gov't lawandorder crackdown that has targeted Roma Gypsies. An Iranian woman who was sentenced to death by stoning for adultery is now facing a new punishment of 99 lashes because a British newspaper ran a picture of an unveiled woman mistakenly identified as her. Game conservation in Africa Horns, claws and the bottom line  Northern white rhino down to last eight animals. Lions may vanish by 2020. Governments have failed to protect. Can private initiativessuch as tourism, farming, charitydo any better?  Britain's Secret Slaves Over 15,000 domestic workers leave their families to come to Britain every year. Charities claim that many are not only badly treated but that they are living as slaves [...] Huge fireball crosses Colombia Poll Half of Israeli teens don't want Arab students in their class A school in Northern Ireland was evacuated today after an 8 year old found a pipe bomb in the playground and brought it into class UK to significantly reduce the number of foreign student visas Afghan Mineral Deposits Could Completely Revolutionize Nation's System Of Corruption Two million French people to strike over Sarkozy's pensions reform The British home secretary is defending the government's handling of alleged newspaper phone hackers, accused of eavesdropping on royalty and other British nobles to publish sensational stories in the Rupert Murdochowned News of the World newspaper. Thilo Sarrazin's controversial new book on Muslims in Germany has not only generated opprobrium from the political elite, it has also generated a mass following from the population at large. The tome may be full of inaccuracies, but it has struck a nerve. The elephant in the room  Excluding Hamas from current and future PalestinianIsraeli peace negotiations is an exercise in futility.  In Baghdad, police chief explains why it's tough to enforce the rule of law Merkel says violence of Muslim youths is a problem in Germany Raj Patel Food rebellion  Mozambicans know which way the wind blows Turkey now officially part of Europe's electrical grid Afghans denounce American church's plans to burn the Islamic holy book on Sept. 11 We know this is not just the decision of a church. It is the decision of the president and the entire United States God no longer male, Scottish Episcopal Church rules IsraeliRussian defence deal Show of unity comes after strains in ties over Russian arms contracts in the Middle East. IDF document policy principle separating Gaza from West Bank Two redditors are climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro for charity and will do your bidding at the peak. Don't squander this opportunity to let your upvotes do something awesome. It is estimated it will take 3,000 years to clear Laos of all the explosive remnants left behind from United States bombers over 30 years ago. More than 20,000 people have died from unexploded ordnance since conflict ended. Fidel to Ahmadinejad 'Stop Slandering the Jews' Mossad in America | Israels intelligence agencies target the United States intensively. Among nations considered to be friendly to Washington, Israel leads all others in its active espionage directed against American companies and the Defense Department. Australian Election 17 days after poll, 2 out of 3 rural/regional independent members of parliament support a Labor minority goverment with Julia Gillard as Prime Minister  France   Plan to Raise Retirement Age Sets Off Strikes Britain's parliament, police, a Murdoch paper, and adviser to PM implicated in voicemail hacking scandal British policeman jailed for 6 months for cell attack on woman The rest of the email displays a fundemental disdain for a pluralistic America and reveals chilling levels of Islamophobia and hatemongering. Church's plans to burn Qur'an will endanger troops, US commander warns Freed Journalist Tricked Captors Into Twitter Access Manilas water crisis exposes impact of privatisation. Julys weeklong rationing of water highlighted the reality millions of people are denied the basic right to potable water and sanitation while private firms rake in profits at their expense. Weird UK police ask for help in case of slain intelligence agent Greenpeace Japan Antiwhaling Activists Found Guilty of Theft
 Captured Journalist Tricks Captors Into Revealing He is Alive Creepy Biometric IDs to Be Forced Onto India's 1.2 Billion Inhabitants. Fears about loss of privacy and government abuse abound as India gears up to biometrically identify and number its 1.2 billion inhabitants. Chinas young officers and the 1930s syndrome.
Chinas military spending is growing so fast that it has overtaken strategy, said Professor Huang Jing from the School of Public Policy. The young officers are taking control of strategy and it is like young officers in Japan in the 1930s. Mexican soldiers open fire on family's car at military checkpoint, killing father and son Death toll continues to climb in Guatemala landslides Foreign powers should stop interfering in the case of an Iranian woman who was sentenced to death by stoning, Iran's foreign ministry has said. Mexican officials Gunmen behind massacre of 72 have been killed TV anchor stabbed to death outside his Kabul home The mosque menace is not confined to Lower Manhattan. In many European countries similar alarms are sounded The Muslims are coming! French citizens barred from American military bases Dutch neoNazi donates sperm 'for whites only'  A Dutch neoNazi has offered to donate his sperm to four fertility clinics in the Netherlands in an effort to promote what he calls a strong white race... For them, there is no safe place. They are raped when harvesting crops; when going to market; when fetching water and firewood; when carrying their babies; when in their homes at night, among their loved ones. Prison break 680 have escaped. European Parliament calls for immediate disclosure ACTA  Finally!  Al Jazeera English documentary A look at how the swell of Chinese globalisation is having an impact on the coast of Africa. A tradition in Masonry is to crave the faces of Masons into the Gargoyles, this time the Mason was a Muslim and the project was a Catholic Church.  Rightist groups are now accusing Islam of taking over their Churches. As students around the world head back to school, many of the lessons they're learning are not only false  they're dangerous Book 'Racist' Churchill let millions of Indians starve to death Israel worried by America's proposal for international force in Palestinian territory A nowdischarged US sergeant who served in Iraq secretly planted grenades in the cars of Iraqis at check points, for a prank. He's caused controversy because he filmed himself and the reaction of drivers as a joke, and posted it on YouTube. Report Castro says Cuban model doesn't work Beware of Greeks Bearing Bonds.  Excellent Vanity Fair article about the problems of Greece 59% of Israeli teens dont want Arab students in their class  The survey...also revealed that 59% of teens aged 15 to 18 believe that Arab students should not have equal rights in schools.     
    
	 Arab News Brazil has conducted its latest census 100% digitally, using 150,000 smartphones Ironic update in the Assange case There's a leak in the police dept. China blacks out towns to meet energy goal  Trapped in a Chilean mine  moving photos [pics] The Menacing Nature Of The Herd Mentality  Comradeship is usually a good thing. Crowds are often fun. But in politics (and on reddit) they are dangerous. They encourage simplicity and selfishness, override individual conscience. Crowd easily becomes mob  Fidel Castro criticises Mahmoud Ahmadinejad N.Korea prepares for leader succession with first congress of ruling party in 30 years Palestinian militants fired a mortar round from the Gaza Strip on Wednesday narrowly missing a kindergarten in a kibbutz in southern Israel A diplomatic row has intensified
between China and Japan after
collisions between two
Japanese patrol boats and a
Chinese trawler on Tuesday. Lone Chinese dissident decries an era of mediocrity I'm a Roman Catholic... I don't know if I've ever seen a Roman Catholic cut anybody's head off, slice somebody's throat or abuse women. Really??? Film industry hires cyber hitmen to take down internet pirates Clinton sees drug insurgency in Mexico  Government has lost control to cartels Afghan insurgents give captive reporter a cell phone to show them the Internet, so he tweets his whereabouts.  Terrorism  Suicide attack in Russia kills 15, wounds over 100 Olympic Disaster in Vancouver, Taxpayers on Hook for $1 Billion Ghost Town AntiIsrael boycotts are gaining speed What America Left Behind in Iraq  It's even uglier than you think. UK MPs 'were too scared to testify in court' against Rupert Murdoch Merkel to honor Mohammed cartoonist at press award
| Reuters How could this POSSIBLY go wrong? Robert Fisk The lie behind mass 'suicides' of Egypt's young women  
Part three of our series demolishes the official claim that Egypt, where a farmer decapitated his own daughter, has no 'honour' killings The Other 9/11 BurnaQur'an pastor used flock as slaves, says exworshipper  Emma Jones, the pastor's daughter from his first marriage, has described her father's church as a cult. Assassination of Mexican mayor is third in less than a month China's UN diplomat in drunken rant against Americans Iran to release one of three US hikers Former NKorea soldiers launch group to topple regime Creepy Biometric IDs to Be Forced Onto India's 1.2 Billion Inhabitants 
Romania attempts to tax witches and fortune tellers
Proposals to tax witches and fortune tellers in Romania were voted down by senators.
The politicians who had drafted the new law claim it is because they feared they would be cursed if they passed the plans.  Back to Russia, With Love  
Russian Spy Anna Chapman Finds Celebrity at Home Is Mexico at threat from a drugs insurgency? Thailand  Three unexploded bombs found in Bangkok Higher education and wages  Plenty of university graduates are working in lowskilled jobs  According to the Economist Intelligence Unit, Brazil is close to electing its first woman president, Dilma Rousseff, of the Workers' Party Fidel Castro Cuban economics doesn't work Women targeted in latest Juarez killings  El Paso Times Britain's Afghan envoy resigns amid clash with NATO and US officials  convinced the military focused counter insurgency effort was headed for failure Weary of drug war, Mexico debates legalization  
A debate about legalizing marijuana and possibly other drugs  once a taboo suggestion  is percolating in Mexico, a nation exhausted by runaway violence and a deadly drug war. Beyond Hiroshima The nonreporting of Falluja's cancer catastrophe Qur'an burning Nato troops shoot at Afghan protesters Arab regimes' autocratic nature masks their vulnerability  Arab regimes have an almost insatiable urge to control, but aren't very good at it. They work against society, not with it. Violence, autocracy, should be seen as symptoms of weakness  Threehour wave of Juarez slayings may be tied to abduction of child  24 people were reported slain in a wave of multiple killings that shook Jurez over a threehour period Thursday night, Economist's views on Muslims spark controversy in Germany Scandal knocks at No. 10 Downing Street A prime minister's aide is intimately linked to the furor over highprofile phone tappings Ahmadinejad Koran burning will bring about Israel's annihilation  Iran president calls U.S. pastor's plan to burn copies of Koran on Sept. 11 anniversary a violation of the teachings of all religions. Iraqi prank TV show   Planting fake IEDs in celebrity cars.  Koranburning protests sweep Afghanistan  BBC News Ramadan 2010 through the eyes of the Boston.com readers Narcotics war reaps nothing but killing fields  Two human heads left in a cooler box on the plaza? A mystery. The 18 houses burned in a single night? An enigma. The doctor and his family who disappeared? A rumour.  The incredible shrinking prsident  When Sarkozy first burst into the French political consciousness he was unlike any other recent leader the country had known. He dared to tell the French what they did not care to hear. What a shrunken version of that politician now occupies the presidency. The organizers of Oktoberfest have banned smoking this year from the world's biggest beer tents. Now they have to find a way to mask the lurking smells the cigarette smoke once hid. Truck full of pig manure explodes in Germany  The manure had become too warm, creating too much pressure in the tank and eventually bursting a glass panel, local fire officials said. The manure was sprayed over a large area. Good news and bad news on the Castro front Israeli Air Force strikes Gaza Strip targets  
Hamas' Gaza headquarters reportedly bombed; Strike response to rocket fire Philippines Police torture five men inside their headquarters Top ranking Chinese official to the UN gets drunk and says I really don't like him he's an American and I really don't like Americans Denmark best country in the world to do business in. Struggle in Poland over Jewish war diaries Suspected bomber
apprehended in 
copenhagen [ongoing]  Iranian secret nuclear site disclosed Is this real or a phony excuse for war like Iraq WMD? Why Do Terrorists Blow Themselves Up?  The genesis of suicide bombings is rooted in intractable asymmetrical conflicts pitching the state against nonstate actors over political entitlements, territorial occupation and dispossession. Sarrazin's Truths Political Correctness Is Silencing an Important Debate. It is clear that intimidation from the politically correct thought police of the media ... no longer work. In Abu Ghraib, she says, women were tortured by the Americans
much more than the men. One woman said she witnessed five girls being raped. Most of the women in the prison were raped  some of them left prison pregnant. Families killed some of these women  because of the
shame. Did 9/11 make us all go mad? Nine years, two wars, hundreds of thousands dead  and nothing learnt An investigation by The New York Times has found that the British tabloid News of the World may have hacked into the voicemail of hundreds of British citizens. This scandal now includes a member of the new British government. Perspective Iraq Civilians Experience September 11th Every 8.23 Days. Since The US Led Invasion, Afghanistan & Iraq Have Experienced The Equivalent Of 348 September 11th's. The Case of the PopeHow Canon Law shields paedophile priests. One reason for the huge amount of child abuse is that the perpetrators know they will almost certainly get away with it  Quel horreur! Retire at 62? French do not like AngloSaxon culture. BBC. Honour killings  excellent six part series by Robert Fisk (long) Britishborn Palestinian singer 'assaulted' at Tel Aviv airport.  Security agents alleged there was a bomb planted in her microphone.  DR Congo bans mining for mobile phone minerals Algeria bans Jewish Korans bearing Star of David on their covers Christians in Gaza Fear for Their Lives as Muslims Burn Bibles and Destroy Crosses  In 2007 Nobody Cared about this  Is Pakistan heading for a coup?  Referendum in Turkey raises fears of too much Islam in government  Europe has no choice but to put the pensioners to work The other 9/11.
A short on the fall of Chile's government in the '70s North Korea after He's gone  The one exception to the lack of longterm thinking may be China. Andrei Lankov raises the possibility of China attempting to avert collapse by installing a hard authoritarian, progrowth regime in North Korea. Days of Reflection for the Man Who Defined Singapore  Interview with Lee Kuan Yew, now 87. Reflective, vulnerable, still combative. Im not saying that everything I did was right, but everything I did was for an honorable purpose  Gunmen killed 25 people in a series of druggang attacks in Ciudad Juarez, marking the deadliest day in more than two years for the Mexican border city Funding hatethe 2008 990 filings for Chernick's charitable foundation, including funds for Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem, The Investigative Project on Terrorism, MEMRI, The Center for Security Policy, over $900k to the Jewish Federation Council of Greater Los Angeles France furore over Castro racial holocaust remark Britain could reduce numbers in armed forces as part of budget cuts Greek anger at PM's economy speech   George Papandreou vows to stay on course with government's austerity drive as 20,000 protest against cuts. Derry's Bloody Sunday happened in Belfast...writes man who ordered 200m inquiry...Tony Blair Over 800 have died due to cholera in Nigeria the treatment is just giving fluids/ORS; yet children are dying. Hamas threat to West Bank rival Palestinian Authority |  The Australian Tal alMallouhi is a highschool student arrested in Dec 2009 by Syrian security agents for her blog containing poems and articles supporting the Palestinian Cause. She has been in prison ever since. She is 19 years old. Her life could now be in grave danger. Reddit, your help could save her life. Canadian pot activist Marc Emery gets five years in U.S. prison Turkey votes 'yes' to amending militaryera constitution reports   Above the Law  Russia Uses Microsoft to Suppress Dissent  One of the authorities newest tactics for quelling dissent in Russia is confiscating computers under the pretext of searching for pirated Microsoft software. The Problem is Empire, not Islam  In order to arrive at a correct solution to a problem, it is necessary to arrive at a correct diagnosis. The problems facing our country are not rooted in the Islamic religion or with Muslims. The problems are rooted in U.S. foreign policy. North Korean soldiers in exile to Rebel against the North Korean regime. Saudi diplomat 'My life is in danger'  The diplomat, Ali Ahmad Asseri, the first secretary of the Saudi consulate in Los Angeles, has informed U.S. DHS officials that Saudi officials have effectively terminated his job after discovering he was gay and was close friends with a Jewish woman. German Identity, Long Dormant, Reasserts Itself  China Explores a Frontier 2 Miles Deep  China has unveiled a submersible designed to go deeper than any other in the world, giving it access to 99.8 percent of the ocean floor and its minerals. Australian Lawyer Alex Stewart smokes pages from the Koran and Bible Iran women on the frontline of the fight for rights  From the mother sentenced to death by stoning to the lawyer arrested for defending opposition activists, women are prominent symbols of Iran's struggle for democracy OZ Govt Antidrug Campaign's 'Worrying' Link to Scientology Concerns have been raised about a partnership between the Australian Federal Government and a drug awareness group run by members of the controversial Church of Scientology. By some estimates, the quake left about 33 million cubic yards of debris in PortauPrince  more than seven times the amount of concrete used to build the Hoover Dam. So far, only about 2 percent has been cleared, which means the city looks pretty much as it did a month after the Jan. 12 quake. Tony Blair uses political influence to save Palestinian firm (owned by JP Morgan) Chavez's obsession with past turns creepy  and he's not alone
 Congo examines mass graves to find proof of revenge genocide on Hutus Eleven men are dead, because someone, somewhere, decided that they wanted to save money, or to make more money Chinese diplomat gets drunk off his ass at a United Nations dinner I know you never liked me, Mr Secretary General. Well, I never liked you either! Iraq to pay for U.S. abuse claims vs Saddam regime Entrepreneurs Rise in Ashes of Indias Caste System  Air Zimbabwe fires striking pilots Rwanda's Paul Kagame begins new term amid controversy surrounding possible Congo genocide The Pakistani flood has mostly been caused by incompetent dyke and levee management done by non technical people instead of by geologists, hydrologist and hydroarcheologists who understand river system behavior. Treachery? Conspiracy? Treason? Even after a 110billion euro bail out and the introduction of severe austerity measures, Greece's economy is still shrinking faster than expected. Can the nation rebound? Turkey prepares to vote in constitutional referendum Should the Pope face charges?
A renowned lawyer makes the case that the Pope should have his day in court for harbouring pedophiles British soldiers are smuggling heroin out of Afghanistan ... MoD launches probe Mandela reathed fire' over Iraqi war  Nelson Mandela was so upset over Britain invading Iraq in 2003 that he called a government minister and virtually breathed fire about why it was a mistake, reveals the exminister. There are 4 million kg of whale meat stockpiled in Japan Pakistan's enemy is not America or India or any other external power. It is Pakistan's own culture of hypocrisy. The Web Braces for Biggest Wikileaks Dump to Date Remember 9/11? Remember the Saudi Arabia link? Barack Obama to authorise record $60bn Saudi arms sale UK History is disappearing from state schools as growing numbers of head teachers view it as a worthless subject Mexican marines have captured Sergio Villarreal Barragan, a presumed leader of the embattled Beltran Leyva cartel Thousands 'tortured, held without trial in Iraq' Cuba to cut 500,000 gov't workers; reform salaries  Cuba announced Monday it will cast off at least half a million state employees by mid2011 and reduce restrictions on private enterprise to help them find new jobs. In the largest US arms deal ever, Obama plans to offer advanced aircraft to Saudi Arabia worth up to $60 billion, as part of policy aimed at shoring up Arab allies against Iran Woerthgate affair Main French newspaper files complaint against counterintelligence agency which, under presidential orders, tried to illegally shut a newspaper source on the multiple corruption affairs of the Employment minister, Eric Woerth Animal massacre to kick off Euro 2012 Call for boycott over plan to kill stray animals. Cuba to lay off 500,000 in 6 months, allow private jobs Asylum for gay Saudi diplomat?  Chinese submarine plants flag twomiles deep at the bottom of the South China Sea Local Sweden Democrat an' practicing Muslims Kosovo Winemakers Face Bitter Harvest  Growers have accumulated the equivalent of 16 million unsold bottles, owing to the Serbian blockade on Kosovo products and the overall economic crisis. Plane crashes in eastern Venezuela with 47 people on board. Putin Stunts Hint At Another Presidency Bid Canada's military won't probe heroin allegations  
The military was reacting to reports in the Sunday Times and the BBC that Canadian and British troops have been sending large quantities of heroin out of Afghanistan on military aircraft taking troops back to Britain. Youths run riot in antiAsian protest
By Papua New Guinea correspondent Liam Fox Amnesty Iraq holds up to 30,000 detainees without trial Chinese Remake the Made in Italy Fashion Label  IMF fears 'social explosion' Child sex abuse, and other church failings, lead Belgians to formally renounce religion Israels accountability  Soldiers seldom punished for killing Palestinians. out of 148 cases in which 288 Palestinians were killed between 2006 and 2009, only 22 resulted in the opening of a Military Police Investigation Unit probe. In a rare example of openness, China has set up a website for citizens to express their views to top leaders  and users have wasted little time in firing unusually blunt criticisms at the government. Zulu king condemns photos of virginity tests at annual dance CNN Israeli Soldiers Sexually Abused Palestinian Children Please help find the identity of onelegged bomber who has put Copenhagen into bombscare turmoil Salvadoran police have unearthed three barrels full of cash worth 30 million dollars. Sorry, I think it's 20, wait, 14 million. 14 million dollars. Who really wields power in Russia  A corrupt security service on a longer leash than the KGB  a new book tells a very different story to the official one UK had no idea in Iraq aftermath  The UK government and military leaders had absolutely no idea what to do after invading Iraq, a prominent veteran of the 2003 war has claimed. The international aid system is easily manipulated, and always profits the elite. Iranian fatwa Kill those who burn Qur'an French Parliament Completes Passage of Law Banning Full Facial Veils  The government has repeatedly said the law isnt aimed at Frances Muslims Tehran plays games with jailed hikers Settlers receive 22% more budget grants than other Israelis, probe shows Capitalist storm clouds loom over Havana after state cuts 1m jobs Victims, Rapists Speak Out on Rape as Weapon of War in Congo Taliban increasingly eyeing its role in politics Dizzy With Success The accelerating degeneration of life in America's Afghanistan. France bans full veils in public  The French parliament passed a law Tuesday prohibiting wearing a fullface veil in public, meaning a ban will come into force early next year if it is not overturned by senior judges. Sex, the Saudis, and selling out  Fastest drill resumes work in Chile mine Pope John Paul II was in the Netherlands for four days in May of 1985, and his visit was a disaster.  The Global Economy 'Still Has DeepSeated Structural Problems' Irish leader Brian Cowen denies being drunk or hungover during early morning national broadcaster RT interview. These scurrilous suggestions sssshhould be left in the dusssshtbin, he slurred. Joint letter opposing Pope UK state visit signed by Dawkins, Fry, Pratchett, many others France bans the burqa French Senate Passes Ban of Full Muslim Veils French people back the burqa ban by a margin of more than four to one...Clear majorities also backed burqa bans in Germany, Britain and Spain, while two out of three Americans opposed it, the survey found. Would the Grand Ayatollah of Iran get a taxpayer funded state visit to your country? No? Then why does the Pope, who is not even the supreme leader of a country, get one to mine? Hamas shoots Phosphorus shells at Israeli civilians I know the national debt is bad, but why is the U.S. selling Saudi Arabia $60 Billion in arms? That's a MONSTROUS deal! Power Struggle in Egypt  For years, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has used manipulated elections to remain in power.  Three hurricanes, Karl, Igor and Julia, are heading to Mexico, US, and Caribbean Russia and Norway sign maritime border agreement, ending 40 year dispute over fishing and oil rights in the Barents Sea Iran's economy slide to the bottom   there has

  

been insignificant growth in real per capita incomes over the past 30 years since the Revolution.  Payback Iran reportedly donates $25 million to Turkish PM Erdogan's party The Bordello State  Pope's tour attacked in open letter FlatNose, Stocky and Beautugly FP Explainer Could Britain Arrest the Pope?  Murdoch's Watergate Privacy Tool for Iranian Activists Disabled After Security Holes Exposed Spanish expremier calls for legalising drugs worldwide   Cuba announces firing of half a million state workers. With its announcement that over 500,000 state workers will be fired over the next six months, the Castro regime is carrying out its most sweeping attack on Cuban workers since it came to power more than half a century ago. 'Chapo' Guzman, Sinaloa cartel taking over cocaine trade in Australia  El Paso Times BP chief Tony Hayward to face MPs on Gulf oil spill Pope's aide compares Britain to 'third world'  Russian official sacked for making boys kiss his feet Drone Strikes Peak; Can They Help End the AfPak War?  Israeli media sources have confirmed that an Israeli soldier shot and killed a handcuffed Palestinian youth on Tuesday morning in Tel Aviv. Soldier says that he was shot accidentally from his weapon. The 18 yr old Palestinian was killed instantly as a result of the shot in the back. Giant Cave Explored in Borneo  PICTURES!!! Iraq approves $400 million settlement for Americans victimized by Saddam's regime Eikaiwa Underworld  English teacher in Japan gets TonySopranolike mobster as client, hears string of storiesretold hereabout running nightclubs in Tokyo, gambling in Las Vegas, dealing with Mafia  Canada and Russia are locked in a decadesold dispute over which country owns vast stretches of the Arctic. The UN is set to decide the border dispute, and both the governments appear convinced that their claim is the strongest. Cartoonist who inspired Draw Mohammed Day is in hiding Germany is once again dreaming of a permanent presence on the UN Security Council and is hoping to secure a nonpermanent seat in a vote next month. But hopes of reform seem slim, given that the current permanent members are reluctant to give up any of their influence. BBC News  Rare antelopelike mammal caught in Asia A ruthless sister risks becoming North Korea's next ruler Court Top Khmer Rouge cadre charged with war crimes. Four of the top former surviving Khmer Rouge cadre were charged with war crimes in Cambodia by a U.N.backed war crimes tribunal for their role in the late 1970s genocide that left nearly onequarter of the country's population dead. French President Nicolas Sarkozy has described comments by an EU commissioner about Roma deportations from France as outrageous. Nicolas Sarkozy tells Luxembourg to take in Roma
French president angered by EU justice commissioner's attack as party defends expulsion policy as 'applying EU regulations' Israeli Army to open probe into shooting deaths of two Palestinian farmers  State tells court family petition to investigate incident unnecessary, as probe into whether shooting was justified already scheduled to begin next month. South African Unions Want To Force Private School Kids Into Govt Schools  The union...says that there is an urgent need to eliminate the threetiered education system...and to redistribute resources toward ordinary public schools in workingclass and poor communities. Japan falls in global university rankings, overtaken by China for first time A Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan  Missile Strikes Incredible and Accurate  Missing journalist stokes fears of Sovietera media crackdown in Ukraine Life After Guantanamo Two Former Inmates Arrive in Germany Printers in this city near the Afghan border say they have produced thousands of fake voter registration cards at the request of Afghan politicians for use in that country's parliamentary elections on Saturday. Tea Parties of the World  Cambodian garment workers call off strike Cuba may link up to Glonass system, Russia's satellite navigation system Scandals cloud Pope's UK visit.  On the eve of Pope Benedict's visit to Britain, victims of child abuse at the hands of Catholic priests have demanded that the pontiff hand over all information on paedophile clergy to authorities. Driving out the Unwanted  Sarkozy's War Against the Roma Egyptian paper doctors peace talks photo in favor of Mubarak Egyptian newspaper manipulate picture with Obama and other world leaders in an attempt to make their president Mubarak look like the top dog
Spoiler This look shopped... Murdoch's Watergate. The U.K. phonehacking scandal will undo the media mogul. Remember the story about the Arab man who was arrested for rape after he falsely told an Israeli woman that his name was David? Well, it turns out that the case against him is built on much more than just a name.  Six London street cleaners arrested, searched, homes raided and possessions seized as evidence  based on an overheard conversation about the Pope. So far, no evidence found against them. Zimbabwe's jailing of doctors is an outrage Charges against American medics highlight the Mugabe regime's repression EU forced to apologise as Sarkozy goes on the attack over Nazi 'insult' the French president demanded, and received, an apology from the European justice commissioner, Viviane Reding, who earlier this week had compared France's antiRoma campaign to Nazi persecutions during the Second World War Guerrilla of Arabia How one of Britain's most brilliant military tacticians created the Taliban's battle strategy  Asia  Independent.co.uk Mao's great leap forward parents were forced to bury their children alive...80 per cent of all the villagers in one region of a quarter of a million Chinese were banned from the official canteen because they were too old or ill to be effective workers, so were deliberately starved to death...  Way to take another thing from us, guys. Best country for entrepreneurs? Hint It's no longer the US. Darfuri men were shot dead at point blank range during a surprise Arab militia raid on a busy market this month in which at least 39 people were killed and almost 50 injured, eyewitnesses said on Friday A significant point in history happened at about 1.30pm this afternoon (Sept 15). Douglas Carswell MP announced a bill that would end fractional reserve banking. Prominent Pakistani politician murdered outside his London home 14 South African peacekeepers were dumped in the middle of rebelheld territory in Congo by Russian helicopter crews According to a witness, Israel soldiers burst into a house in the West Bank last night and shot a Palestinian associated with Hamas three time in the neck and head while he was still in bed.  According to the IDF, the Palestinian was running towards IDF soldiers refusing to stop. Oktoberfest has officially begun! Watch As Israel Slides Toward Fascism, Citizens and Supporters Swear Their Loyalty. Swearing a loyalty oath to Israel as an ethnic state is gaining legitimacy; a video produced by the authors shows the willingness of Israeli residents to pledge allegiance. 10 statistics that show Turkey drifting away from the West Danger, danger The Pope is leading an assembly of children in west London The Velvet Surrender  
Russia reconquers the Czechs. 6.3. quake hits northeast Afghanistan Imran Farooq, murdered Pakistani politician, 'thought he would be safe in London'   Telegraph Chechen separatist leader Akhmed Zakayev arrested in Poland Mexico's drugs war in the city of death BBC News  Urgent call on EU to stop billioneuro alien invasion Rescuers working to release 33 trapped Chilean miners have achieved a pivotal breakthrough by drilling an escape shaft through to the underground chamber occupied by the men. Netanyahu Within three to five years, we can assume that Iran will...produce a nuclear bomb. [The nuclear threat] must be uprooted by an international front headed by the US. 2010? Nope, try 1995.  I do not mind dying if it helps to improve the situation of my people Interview with a female Afghan candidate for parliament Robert Mugabe's darkest secret An 800bn blood diamond mine run with China's Red Army Communists lured to their deaths by MI6 with promise of sex  Telegraph How right wing extremists could hold Sweden to ransom  Pope in London Sorry about touching all those little boys. God will forgive us  Tony Blair Defends the Iraq War What I Thought I Had to Do Pope apologizes on abuse as thousands protest in London  Bomb suspect 'targeted' Danish paper JyllandsPosten  Danish police think a man hurt in a blast was making a letter bomb to use against a newspaper which published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad.  John Freeborn, British Fighter Pilot, Dies at 90  Rumours about Abu Ghraiblike photos stemming 
from a Danish Afghanistan deployment in 2002 Dominican Republic or Bust  Postcard from Haiti's other half, an oasis of heaving bosoms, tropical breezes, brightly colored birds, salty food, beer, merengue, and the happiestlooking German sex tourists Ive ever seen  Pope Benedict XVI has expressed his deep sorrow for the unspeakable crimes of child abuse within the Catholic Church. Waughnabes  The return of snobbery in Cameron's Britain Thailand Sept 19 coup, four years on... bloodbath at Ratchaprasong, four months later Robert Mugabe's real darkest secret  he's a chicken Africa leads fall in HIV infections Venezuela's economy Disappearing dollars  Tens of thousands protest in Berlin against government's proposed extension of the lifespans of Germany's atomic reactors Arab League rejects Jewish state Teenage girls can change the world  The Globe and Mail Thailand Thousands demand release of political prisoners (+ photo essay) Surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge indicted On Saturday, Afghan voters will again head to the voting booth, this time to elect members to the Afghan National Assembly, known as the Wolesi Jirga. This election, the second in the history of the legislative body, was initially scheduled for late May Radical Islam on rise in Balkans Just in case you havent noticed, Germanys foreign secretary has married his boyfriend last week. Mex. blogger talks on perils of narcolife, followed by graphic images [NSFW] UK Police chief issues call to decriminalise cannabis and redirect resources Soldiers 'killed Afghans for sport' 
Unprovoked killing last winter started 'monthslong shooting spree.' Sweden's lost innocence  farright party voted into hung parliament Sales assistant tried to steal 72 year old's $15 million winning lottery ticket 5 JawDropping Stories in Wikileaks' Archives Begging for National Attention 'The Roma Are a European Problem' Gunmen torch a Gaza beach club shuttered by Hamas. Hamas shut down the park because it had hosted parties in which men and women mingled. BBC News  Niger facing catastrophic hunger crisis Islamophobia in Holland down; Jewhatred up  antisemitic incidents ballooned by 48%, the number of antiMuslim incidents in 2009 went down by 17%, from 116 to 96. An average Jew in Holland is more than 450 times likely to be the victim of a hate crime than the average Muslim Abducted Mexico police found dead China has said it is temporarily
suspending toplevel exchanges with
Japan over a Chinese ship captain's
detention following a collision near
disputed islands. Women in Egypt get hitech aid to beat sexual harassment Armed men kidnap 9 Mexican police officers; 2 officers found dead as manhunt begins China suspends ministeriallevel exchanges with Japan   Gaza water park burned down after shut down by Hamas  gunmen set fire to Crazy Water park closed for allowing mixed bathing; witnesses say at least 25 assailants took part. In what is set to become a historic election in Sweden, a nonsocialist government appeared headed for reelection to a second term, a first in the country's political history. Sizing up China's cities | The Economist Obama's Envoy Holbrook To Pak Army Stop Focusing On Flood Relief, Start Killing More Pashtuns  Richard Holbrooke said that his country would not accept any slackness on part of the Pakistan Army in the fight agst the Taliban due their engagement in flood relief efforts. Ballotstuffing in Afghan election 
'Widescale fraud' casts doubt on legitimacy of Afghan democracy. Mike 'Shameful' Canada Not What it Used to Be | This country was so generous to those of my generation who did not want to kill Vietnamese and opened the doors.  Michael Moore today in Toronto Interpol chief's (FaceBook) identity stolen Iran denies seizing U.S. troops at Pakistan border What has the Pope's UK visit achieved? Wounded in action An infantry unit fights its way out of an ambush in Kunar Province, Afghanistan (Holy hell. One of the soldiers takes a bullet to the helmet, but survivesit's all caught on camera.) A former CNN Iraq correspondent suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder says his employers wouldn't run footage he filmed of what he describes as a war crime by US troops, an Australian news source reports. The battle to save Russia's Pavlovsk seed bank. Scientists and conservationists are waging an international campaign to save Russian botanist Nikolai Vavilov's Pavlovsk seed bank from being turned over to housing developers Israeli FM's no loyalty, no citizenship campaign IsraeliArabs (1/5th of Israels population, not including Palestinians under occupation) who aren't willing to swear allegiance to Israel as a uniquely Jewish state, could lose the citizenship. Iraq's Bar Association to defend Iraqi soldier who killed US soldiers  The occupation imposed on Iraq has forced slavery on our people...Iraqis have been born free, refusing humiliation and slavery, so the sons of our people have risen to defend the land and...resist the occupation forces. Mexico newspaper cuts drug war coverage after slaying, appeals to cartels We ask you to explain what you want from us, what we should try to publish or not publish, so we know what to expect.  Israeli Vows to Sell Arms to Russias Enemies Move Aimed at Punishing Russia for Selling P800s to Syria David Cameron insists The UK is a country of faith Mexican paper asks drug cartels to guide its news coverage.  Biggest newspaper in Ciudad Jurez decides to restrict its drug war coverage after killing of second employee in two years
 'Asian unicorn' spotted for first time in a decade A Canadian's Response ... someone with the handle of 'canuckcutie' wrote a stinging and thoughtful response objecting to my criticism of Canada. I thought it was worth reprinting here ...  Michael Moore I think, therefore Im guilty  the intellectual trend in Britain is a remorseless slide towards a dark age of intolerance, reverting to a reasonsuppressing, heresyhunting culture in which certain opinions are being turned into thought crimes. Missing Iraqi artifacts found in premiers storage. France on full alert for suicide bomb threat on Paris transport Colombia thanks Ecuador for military assistance, Ecuador denies help Swedish Pirate Party Runs Aground in Election   Netherlands cancels tour by Israeli mayors because participant list includes settlement representatives. Pope's visit Blimey. What to say to the Pope?   Mayor of London wonders how best to welcome Pope Benedict Long time no See ... I felt like a woadpainted savage called upon to explain the religious backsliding of the tribe  Mexican newspaper to cartels We ask you to explain what you want from us, what you want us to publish or stop publishing... you are the de facto authority in the city now In an effort to approve energy efficiency, Chinese county of Anping is instituting 22 hour blackouts in homes, factories and public buildings every 3 days Pakistan still needs your help. Thailand `The Red Shirts will fight on!'  Eyewitness account of the September 19 Red Shirt protest Teetering on the apocalypse  China media warn Japan over escalating sea row UK Proposes All Paychecks Go to the State First  Everybody should just work at their job and the government should just give everyone what allowance they feel they deserve to get. Germany is planning a direct rail link between Frankfurt and London Journey time under 4 hours. Oktoberfest 2010  The Big Picture [pics] Vatican Bank investigated over moneylaundering Kim Jongil dictatorship could end within days In Sicily, Defying the Mafia  Organised public resistance to Sicily's Cosa Nostra now possible, even successful. Confiscated Mafia assets used for social projects.  In his recent autobiography, Tony Blair expresses regret at introducing a freedom of information regime, saying there is no description of stupidity, no matter how vivid, that is adequate. That should be enough to convince anybody that it was a good idea. Why It's OK To Negotiate With the IRA but Not Hamas?  Oil jackpot in Greenland. A sad day for sustainable energy and the environment in general, since this heralds a golden age for Arctic offshore drilling. Delhi Commonwealth Games Village Leaves Competitors `Shocked'  Bloomberg Persecuted journalists in Mexico vow to continue covering the drug violence India Commonwealth Games bridge collapses Vatican Bank Tied to Money Laundering Scandal Reform On The Range Cubans Heed The Call To Farm  Having this land, you realize how productive it can be, Pena says. When you're growing your own food, you have independence, and that gives you a sense of security. Vatican perplexed by money laundering probe The SevenHeaded President 
Switzerland Celebrates Europe's Strangest System of Government South Korea Considering Underwater HighSpeed Rail Tunnels to China and Japan  High speed rail network extends into central China Nine Nato troops killed in helicopter crash. Nine Nato troops have died in a helicopter crash, making 2010 the deadliest year yet for coalition troops in Afghanistan.  India's Unfolding Intifada in Kashmir North Korea to Hold Party Congress to Choose Leaders Next Week Cliches of the Century 
Ten easy ways to illustrate China vs. India  and miss the point entirely Afghan families have many reasons for pretending their girls are boys, including economic need, social pressure to have sons, and in some cases, a superstition that doing so can lead to the birth of a real boy. Nothing sexy about Amsterdam's Red Light district  Kremlin vs. Moscow Mayor  
Dirty Power Struggle Could Backfire on Medvedev 280 crocodiles escape  what you have is evidence about what real aggression is, which is the President of the United States is always insinuating that we reserve the right, at any moment, at any time, at our will, to go on to military attack on Iran, even if they dont attack us. China's crackdown on human trafficking frees 16,517 abducted women and children Bill Clinton Russian immigrants in Israel are an obstacle to peace Al Jazeera has called on the International Security Assistance Force (Isaf) to immediately release two of its cameramen arrested in Afghanistan over the last 72 hours. Mexico building a wall on part of the border with Guatemala. Some Afghan Boys Are Girls  
Fascinating, quirky feature on Afghan obsession with sons. Parents with a string of daughters can elect to dress and raise one as a boy, in the hope of getting a son next. Schools and society turn a blind eye
 UN finds Israel broke international law in attack on Gazabound flotilla  Indias commonwealth games are finished before they ever started Bombing at Military Parade in Iran kills 12 A Palestinian has been killed after a Jewish settlement guard opened fire at a group of men in an Arab neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Israel Rules Out Signing Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty | Official Asking Israel to Sign NPT Violates International Law With the country suffering from a drought, the Fijian dictatorship tries to stop tourism declines by banning the Met Service from reporting on the weather 11 accused of rhino poaching in S African court today.  On World Rhino Day. Report India to be the fourth most powerful nation/bloc in the world after the United States, China, and the European Union Chinese mine bosses circumvent law saying they have to work in the mines like a boss Riots Erupt Near Temple Mount of Shot Palestinian False ceiling collapses at Commonwealth Games venue Israeli police storm Jerusalem mosque compound  Rabid vampire bats kill five children Flood refugees threaten Pakistan's political stability India tries to save reputation and avert Commonwealth Games crisis Train crash kills 21 in India. UN experts Israel flotilla raid broke int'l law Charges on South Africa 'kidney trafficking syndicate' [...] Netcare's hospital in Durban allegedly conducted more than 100 operations in 200103 in which poor Brazilians and Romanians were paid to donate kidneys to wealthy Israelis [...] Women take majority in Swiss cabinet for first time How the CIA ran a secret army of 3,000 assassins Granddaughter of Titanic's Second Officer reveals family secret about the sinking Titanic sank because an officer steered INTO the iceberg instead of away from it as he was ordered. Vigilantes in Mexico take on kidnap gang  The crowd, now grown to nearly 2,000 people, exploded again. Crowd members broke into the barracks with trucks, took the two boys outside and beat them, witnesses said. Ahmadinejad warns US of war with 'no limits'  The United States has never entered a real war, not in Vietnam, nor in Afghanistan, nor even World War II.  Fidel Castro Israel has right to exist. UN Gaza aid probe finds 'clear evidence' against Israel Mentally handicapped Danes lobotomised until 1983  Many mentally handicapped Danes, including children, were lobotomised between 1947 and 1983, and many died from the operation, a historian behind a soontobepublished book on the topic told Danish media Thursday. A computer virus that some experts say may have been written by 'another nation state' could be targeting Iran's powerplants.  CIA operates a large attack drone spy network in addition to Counterterrorist Pursuit Teams Hundreds Die of Lead Poisoning in Nigeria Colombia No. 2 FARC commander killed Again, shame for India, and for me as an Indian.. Italy abandons full body scanners, claiming them to be Slow and Ineffective. Score one for privacy! New shelter constructed over Chernobyl ruins  The New Safe Confinement is a 108meter tall sliding arch structure, which will cover the existing sarcophagus, which had been hastily built as a temporary measure after the nuclear disaster in 1986. Colombia  Government confirms the death of FARC military leader 'Mono Jojoy' [Google Translate] Dickens in Lagos  To understand life in Lagos, it helps to read Dickens, and viceversa. The great cities of the developing world are a century or two behind the West, full of the colour and characters of 19thcentury novels  CWG in India It is well known that India, and the Great Indian Bureaucracy, are extremely corrupt. But has the corruption crossed all bounds and is running amok? I don't recall any international event being managed so ineptly and with such disregard to a country's image and honor. Israel rejects UN criticism of its Gaza war probe Analysis Many Israelis and Palestinians live as if peace has already arrived UN condemns brutality of Israeli raid on aid flotilla The U.S. delegation walked out of the U.N. speech of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Thursday after he said some in the world have speculated that Americans were actually behind the Sept. 11 terror attacks, staged in an attempt to assure Israel's survival. CIA running secret army of 3,000 Afghan paramilitaries Colombia  Leaked documents reveal that Colombia's intelligence agency DAS spied on anyone suspected of opposing former President Alvaro Uribe, including wiretapping government officials close to the thenpresident. Four Japanese investigated in China for illegally videotaping military targets No. 2 FARC Leader Killed British Queen 'tried to use state poverty fund to heat Buckingham Palace' Ahmadinejad gives controversial UN speech, stating that some saw the 9/11 terrorist attacks as part of a US conspiracy to protect Israel. Result US and other Western delegations walk out in protest. Israeli navy kills Gaza fisherman As the Palestinian fisherman's boat approached the limits of waters where Israel permits Palestinian maritime traffic (as a result of Israel's naval blockade of Gaza), an Israel military boat open fire on the small fishing vessel. The US and other Western delegations at the UN General Assembly walk out in protest as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questions the events of 9/11. 5 die in Mozambique drinking contest  The deaths occurred in the different stages of a competition to see who could finish off five bottles of brandy fastest, reported Noticias newspaper.
 France Starts Reporting 'Millions' of FileSharers Is Gideon Levy the most hated man in Israel or just the most heroic?  For three decades, the writer and journalist Gideon Levy has been a lone voice, telling his readers the truth about what goes on in the Occupied Territories. Scenes from China  The Big Picture [pics] U.K. mulls breaking up big banks. A government probe in Britain is looking at whether some of the country's biggest banks should be broken up. London bureau chief Stephen Beard talks with Steve Chiotakis about whether this plan is really on the table and what other reforms may happen. Half of Romanians 'Yearn for Communist Past'  Fortynine per cent said their life was better before December 1989, with a higher standard of living and job security being given as the main arguments, according to the poll. Voters tried to use SQLinjection to sabotage Swedish election. Handyman jailed for planting child pornography on his boss's computer in an attempt to get him fired and get a promotion Iranian president 9/11 was a U.S. conspiracy While Nicaragua was on holiday, the Sandinista government of Daniel Ortega reprinted the Constitution. It now includes a law that was left dead 20 years ago. DR Congo mass rape defies belief, says UN Breaking News Toddler killed by tear gas in East Jerusalem Will the meeting in Rome result in action against food speculation?  The idea that speculating on food prices has become a way for western financial institutions to make money at the cost of lives is abhorrent
 China denies ban on rare earth metals to Japan. Mexican Journalists Flee Drug War, Seek Asylum  The war has claimed more than 28,000 lives and has become one of the most dangerous stories in the world. Some journalists have taken the ultimate step fleeing to the US to seek political asylum. Playing Beethoven in Kinshasa  In the Congolese capital Kinshasa, just surviving is hard enough. But one group of people spends hours traveling across town to sit in a sweltering compound and practice Handel. Thursday  September 23, 2010's editition of The Daily Show the had  King Abdullah II of Jordan
King Abdullah II of Jordan believes Iran has taken away the moderate voice by hijacking the IsraeliPalestinian issue.  King Abdullah II of Jordan on TheDaily Show with Jon Stewart | If peace talks fail, expect war by the end of the year. What could possibly go wrong? Revealing Wilde letters sold for 30,000 The Pirates Are Winning!  Pirate economy so big, entrenched, popular, that it would have captured the state, if only there were a state in Somalia to be captured 

 by Jeffrey Gettleman | The New York Review of Books Russian botanist Nikolai Vavilov created a preserve outside St. Petersburg that contains one of the worlds largest collections of rare seeds and crops. Now, scientists and conservationists are waging an international campaign to save the reserves fields from being bulldozed for housing development 7 elephants killed by a train when they ran on the tracks to protect their young. Greetings from North Korea Pakistan erupts after US jailing of 'daughter of the nation' Aafia Siddiqui  Thousands take to the streets to protest as scientist convicted of attempting to kill US soldiers gets 86 years
 First Black Elected Official Defies Racism In Russia  Father Jailed for 14,400 years for Raping Teenage Daughter  Sex Scandal Threatens a Georgia Pastors Empire And the new British Labour party leader is.......Ed Milliband Journalists often have to tell stories about what is broken in the world. So it comes as a nice divergence to tell a story about something that is functioning well. Enhancing food security is seen in Brazil as a basis of all other poverty initiatives. AJE correspondent explains how it works. China is on this treadmill to hell, he says, because so much of its GDP growth comes from construction which cant be sustained. If China were to slow down the construction industry, its GDP growth would go negative very quickly. Widespread fraud in Afghan elections may spell end of government's legitimacy Nine Storey Apartment Built Of Wood in Nine Weeks By Four Workers Japan rejects apology on China boat row. Iran would consider ending higher level uranium enrichment, the most crucial part of its controversial nuclear activities, if world powers send Tehran nuclear fuel for a medical research reactor Learning from China Cubas communist leaders set to roll out new capitalist reforms What happens when an Australian Muslim cleric calls for the beheading of a Dutch politician?

Not much. Perceptions of Drug War Mean Mexican Tourist Destinations See Sharp Downturn In Business US to seek stronger ties with Somali breakaway regions Somaliland and Puntland How slums can save the world The pilot informed our central control here that he was landing in Stockholm, he said.

He added the suspect was of Pakistani origin. Pakistan erupts after US jailing of 'daughter of the nation' Aafia Siddiqui

  The Guardian Afghan Elections  Evidence is mounting that fraud in last weekends parliamentary election was so widespread that it could affect the results in a third of provinces 163 Nations Stayed to Hear Ahmadinejad, 27 Did Not Police arrest passenger after plane makes emergency landing in Sweden  India drops the chili bomb. What has added spice to India's diet for centuries may be the next addition to its defense arsenal. Germans are leaving Catholicism in larger and larger numbers  Plague breaks out in Tibet Indian authorities have arrested a computer scientist for refusing to divulge the source of an electronic voting machine that he and a team of researchers used to expose holes in the country's election system Israel is guilty of everything the US is accusing Iran of and accused Iraq of doing The Pakistani minister for defence production 
resigns after accusing the military of carrying out 
assassinations, including that of Benazir Bhutto. Israel has never lacked enemies but now it risks losing its friends Global resistance has halted introduction of GM crops by biotech giants Afghan 'voterigging videos' emerge 
AlJazeera obtains video apparently showing police ignoring fraud. Brazil looks likely to elect an extraordinary leader next weekend  The former guerrilla set to be the world's most powerful woman
				Americas, World  The Independent Obesity spreading in China wherever there are fast food restaurants How the Chilean Miners Are Surviving Underground Chile miners Family joy as rescue capsule arrives Jewish aid ship sails for Gaza 
Vessel manned by activists attempting to breach Israel's blockade of coastal strip set sails from northern Cyprus.  Today is the day where Israel chooses whether to continue to expand Jewish settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories.  Obama, the UN, the EU and Russia have all asked Israel to not resume building. Mexican police arrest drug lord Margarito Soto Reyes aka The Tiger Ed Miliband leftwing? Theyre having a laugh The portrayal of Ed Miliband as a leftie shows how far to the right Britain has travelled 'You may now turn over your papers'  This week those hoping to become All Souls fellows will sit 'the hardest exam in the world'.  U.S. Gift for Iraqis Offers a Primer on Corruption UN Warned of Major New Food Crisis at Emergency Meeting in Rome Chile miners escape route arives Arabs claim Israeli discrimination [...] Israel's declaration of independence, the equivalent of a constitution, states that all citizens are equal but the onefifth of the population who are Palestinian, believe they are less equal than others [...] Twitter feeds and blogs tell hidden story of Mexico's drug wars  Egypt and Thirsty Neighbors Are at Odds Over Nile  Hershey's Markets To Kids But Is Likely Implicated 
In Child Labor, Trafficking And Forced Labor | 
Economy | AlterNet Channel islanders attack Street View car. Another blow to Google's Domesday Book Since 2003, over 200,000 people have died as a result of the Darfur conflict (source United Nations) Israel allowed its halt in construction in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank to expire Monday, defying a U.S. call to extend the moratorium and risking a Palestinian withdrawal from peace talks Why is the world's worst violence ignored?  Congo 800 times deadlier than the conflict in IsraelPalestine (video) Face to face with the world's most repressive regime  London Independent reporter sneaks into N. Korea Georgia is replacing Russian with English as the country's second language, two years after a major war with Moscow. Barclays bank bricked up by businessman furious at refusal to lend Nucleararmed and nonNPT signer, Pakistan gets the chair of UN IAEA board
 More Media on BBC Special Secrets of ScientologySweeney has returned to investigate the church again. Mr Shouty and Cruise The RematchThree years ago, while making a Panorama programme about Scientology, I made the mistake of exploding in front of the sects own cameras. [more] Chinese police investigate illegal jails 'where complaining citizens are held' Company allegedly charges local authorities fees to prevent provincial petitioners reaching Beijing officials The Pirate Bay Appeal Starts Tomorrow  Kim Jong Un is exactly what North Korea does not need NATO helicopters entered Pakistan to kill insurgents
| Top News
| Reuters Eta, the Basque separatist group, has said it is willing to declare a permanent, verifiable ceasefire in a bid to settle its longrunning conflict with the Spanish government. Three Australian soldiers charged with manslaughter over deaths of 5 Afghan children in 2009 Australia faces worst plague of locusts in 75 years  Homeless Bedouin take on the State of Israel This used to be my home. That's my home now, he adds, pointing to one of several dozen makeshift wooden structures which villagers have thrown up in wake of the last police action Merkel Admits She Still Tends to Stockpile  Introspection and nostalgia are rife ahead of the 20th anniversary of German reunification  and  Merkel has joined the trend explaining how her habits still bear the hallmarks of growing up in communist East Germany. Israel calls for end to UN Gaza investigations  Israel called on Monday for an end to United Nations Human Rights Council investigations into its actions in the 200809 Gaza conflict, insisting that the body was obsessively biased against it. 'Taxation without Representation'  European Union Up in Arms over US Travel Tax Why Kofi Annan's envoy to Africa's last colony resigned in protest NATO launches airstrikes into Pakistan, 50 dead The seismic activity at the base of Brarbunga stratovolcano, which also happens to be the highest mountain in Iceland, has picked up materially over the last 48 hours China and India the great game's new players  French minister Rachida Dati mixes up oral sex with inflation Roads So Bad in Gulu, Uganda that Residents have taken to Planting Cassava in Them as a form of protest Tapes describe U.S. servicemen killing civilians for sport Since 2000, 7,454 people killed as a result of the Israelpalestine conflict 6,371 Palestinians and 1,083 Israelis Israeli court recognizes Jewish pre1948 property deed in East Jerusalem, allowing for the legal eviction of dozens of Palestinian families who will be replaced by Jewish families. Russia is exporting 60 tons of mammoth ivory to China per year, and scientists estimate there is plenty more where that came from.  More Israelis have been killed in car accidents than in all of the countrys wars combined.   Parents Of Soldier Say They Warned Army About Thrill Kill Sergeant  ABC News Aid ship carrying eight Jewish activists from Europe, Israel, and the US was seized by Israeli navy off the coast of Gaza Since 2006, over 28.000 people have died as the result of the drug war in Mexico Settlement freeze? It was barely a slowdown
What took place in the past few months is, in the best case scenario, not more than a negligible decrease in the number of housing units that were built in settlements. By Dror Etkes  Taser firm that supplies weapons to UK police forces had its licence revoked for supplying unauthorized weapons to cops in the standoff with gunman Raoul Moat Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Tuesday abruptly sacked veteran Moscow mayor Yuri Luzhkov, a powerful political opponent who criticized the Kremlin and then defied pressure to resign Continent of Fear The Rise of Europe's RightWing Populists Tony Blair received early torture warning, court told A Dutch woman guerilla chick is thought to have been killed in last Wednesday's Colombian army raid on a Farc camp. Pakistan has lodged a protest with Nato after forces killed more than 30 insurgents in a rare, crossborder air raid.  
North Korea's Kim JongIl appoints son, Kim Jong Un, to a fourstar genearl, fueling speculation he'll lead next. Mexico landslide buries hundreds of homes, 1,000 people feared dead or injured ACSLaw could face 500,000 fine for porn list leak People's Republic of China threatens Nobel Prize Committee Canadian court overturns prostitution laws The worst drought in the last 30 years has ignited more than 47,000 fires in Bolivia over the last few months  9.9 million acres burned so far New Al Qaeda Number Three Killed Before his Seat Got Warm Medvedev fires Moscow's mayor Is this a turning point in his presidency? Luzhkov dethroned by Medvedev! Insurance firms are establishing a private navy to take on Somali pirates This week, Germany will FINALLY finish paying reparation for World War One! UN report shows conclusively that during Mavi Marmara raid, US citizen Furkan Dogan and five Turkish citizens were murdered executionstyle by Israeli commandos  'America used to be our enemy No 1. But now it's alQa'ida,' say former insurgents Denmark plans to be fossilfuel free by 2050 Gay film festival attacked by masked Islamic protesters Canada's AntiProstitution Law Rejected Iceland's parliament has voted to refer former Prime Minister Haarde to a special court over his role in the financial crisis. European cities hit by anticuts protests Iranian court sentences man to 19 and a half years in prison for blogging Mystery airstrike as Somalia collapses Most Overweight Nations Thanks to the Ontario Supreme Court's ruling, it is now legal to run a bawdy house, communicate for the purpose of prostitution, and live off the avails of prostitution. WalMart's African Adventure Begins. Pay Attention. Hitmen kill Mexican mayors as drugs war intensifies  When criminals beat smalltown mayor Gustavo Sanchez to death with rocks this week, Mexicans were horrified but no longer shocked by the latest attack on a local leader in the countrys vicious drugs war.  China cracks down to keep melamine out of food.  India Launches Project to ID 1.2 Billion People In Afghanistan, pipe dreams of peace The Son Also Rises  FP looks at the world's autocratsintraining who are waiting to take over their fathers' regimes. Iraq's militia leaders reveal why they turned on alQaeda Protestors from more than 30 European countries have taken to the streets over government plans to introduce spending cuts. One in five plant species face extinction  Just what Zimbabwe needs  the arrival of WalMart... EU to Begin Proceedings Against France Over Expelling Gypsies Sixyearold Evelyn Armendariz was hiding in fear under a bed in her father's Jurez home when a gunman shot her twin sister, Eileen, right above her. 'Mumbaistyle terror plot' against UK uncovered Less than 2% of websites on Scandinavia's child porn internet filter is actually child porn U.N. rights body backs critique of Gaza flotilla raid. United States is the only country voting No Ecuador troops take over Quito airport (30 Sep, 1142) Bishops threaten Philippine president with Excommunication for offering birth control to married couples. Birth control is Abortion! says Church. New bank bail out increases the deficit of Ireland from 12% to 32% of GDP. When will banks stop stealing our money? Pakistan has just closed the most important border crossing for trucks supplying NATO troops in Afghanistan Ecuador declares emergency as police protest, president is attacked Pakistan has banned NATO supply convoys to Afghanistan after fighting between NATO troops and militants led to the killing of three Pakistani soldiers Dubai police chief says Mossad threatened him over Hamas killing  Dubai's police chief says he received death threats from the Israeli spy agency Mossad linked to his investigation into the January assassination of a senior Hamas leader. World's first 'cyber superweapon' attacks China Jordan deliberately jammed alJazeera World Cup coverage More than 7,000 complaints lodged against UK banks every day Anglo Irish Bank failure would ring down' Ireland Man, sons convicted of stoning El Paso woman to death Researchers believe at least 58 million children in China are growing up without one or both parents, who have left to find work. Why the US doesn't talk to Iran  UFOs in Montreal? Strange sights reported in my city Tour de France champion Alberto Contador tests positive Sometimes, for a day or two we don't even have bread, nor flour to make bread. There's a store nearby that, when we are truly desperate, lets us take a bag of bread on credit. I owe them a lot of money... Hungry in Gaza Stuxnet origin may be, oh surprise, Israel Sri Lanka's president has confirmed a twoandahalfyear jail term for former army chief Sarath Fonseka. Pakistan Cuts Off NATO Supply Route Lorries prevented from crossing into Afghanistan in apparent retaliation for recent deadly crossborder NATO raid Eight Germans and two British brothers are at the heart of an alQaidalinked terror plot against European cities BT embroiled in ACSLaw porn list breach German Conservative Parties Agree To End Conscription  Both parties want to keep conscription as a part of Germany's constitution, the Grundgesetz, leaving open the option for its return in the future. Canada just passed the Combating Terrorist Act which will allow terrorism suspects to be jailed without trial for up to 12 months. So far no mainsteam Canadian media has even reported it. US infected Guatemalans with syphilis in 1940s  A college professor has discovered that the US govt in the 1940s infected Guatemalans with sexually transmitted diseases in an experiment conducted without the knowledge of the 1,500 men and women  some of them patients in a mental hospital. US medical tests in Guatemala 'crime against humanity' Live video of the crazy ass shit that's going on in Quito right now  police and military are shooting at each other outside Correa's hospital Norway Israeli subs banned from testing in our waters Chile miners An infographic showing what they get This is what happens when you try to cut wages and raise the retirement age; Spaniards turn Russell Crow Gladiator on that ass in a heartbeat. (20 Photos) Ancient giant penguin unearthed in Peru Iceland's politicians forced to flee from angry protesters. Thousands take to the streets of Reykjavik as anger erupts over the impact of the financial crisis Germany's police used water cannons, batons and pepper spray against peaceful protesters including school children  Computer experts discovered biblical reference embedded in the code of the Stuxnet worm that has pointed to Israel as the origin of the cyber attack Body scanners used as porn by airport security, Nigeria Good job Iraq!  You just broke the world record for the country that has gone the longest between holding parliamentary elections and forming a government.  Angry Police Teargas Ecuadorian President  State of Emergency Declared. You Don't Bring a Praseodymium Knife to a Gunfight  On October 1, 1965, the CIA overthrew Indonesia's President Sukarno. But there is more to it than that. It's another story of 20th century mass murder; a major war crime by the U.S. government. Spanish fathers entitled to breastfeeding leave  CNN.com Fuck 3D I want Super HiVision. The three main UK parties are led by Oxbridgeeducated white men in their 40s who are all former advisers.  US sorry over deliberate sex infections in Guatemala Chile's mines minister says an attempt to rescue 33 trapped miners will begin in the second half of October  earlier than previously predicted. Australian soldiers charged with multiple child killings in Afghanistan  Three special forces commandos were charged this week by the Australian Director of Military Prosecutions over the killing of five Afghan children on February 12, 2009. Ecuador army and police exchange fire at hospital  UN report says DR Congo killings may be genocide Government investigating herbal prozac  For hundreds of years, indigenous South Africans have chewed a plant which they say reduces stress, relieves hunger, sedates and elevates moods. The Flotilla Attack may bring major consequences says UN Expert Because Israel attacked in international waters a ship that was populated and flagged by a signatories of the ICC Rome Statute, it is now possible that Israel will be brought before the International Criminal Court to face charges. U.N. Report finds Israel summarily executed U.S. citizen on flotilla We often make the mistake of believing that Americans were better behaved 50 or so years ago. CIA Escalates Campaign in Pakistan  The U.S. military is secretly diverting aerial drones and weaponry from the Afghan battlefront to significantly expand the CIA's campaign against militants in their Pakistani havens. The EU is taking the UK government to court for invasion of internet privacy. This is what the EU is for.  A bumpier but freer road  India's growth should soon outstrip China's, because India has a younger population and a freer economy. But can India can stay ahead, given its poor infrastructure, low skills, bad schools, patchy government? Foxconn raises pay rates by two third at Chinese factory to combat low morale Egypt's new political dawn The emergence of Mohamed ElBaradei as a political player has led Egyptians to dream of a more democratic society.  A new computer game where players assume the roles of border guards and shoot people trying to escape from communist East Germany has unleashed a storm of controversy in Germany. The game's creator says he wanted to teach young people about history, but he has been accused of glorifying violence. US apologises for '40s syphilis study in Guatemala  Enough said, now move along. If you say you're sorry that is the main thing isn't it? North Korea's New Collective Leadership  Clear, brisk interview with foreignpolicy expert, on Kim JongIl's succession strategy. Which consists of putting country in hands of an untested 26yearold, his alcoholic aunt, and her husband, the army boss The battle over the rebuilding of the central train station in Stuttgart, Germany, has escalated massively. Angela Merkel has pushed strongly for the project this week, and the harsh response by police to protesters could come back to haunt both the chancellor and her party. France to Take Roma Fingerprints  Truthdig In spite of the upswing in their country's fortunes under President Lula da Silva, many Brazilians continue to leave their home in search of a better life in the United States. Yet Mexico's drug war represents a dangerous hurdle in the path of many illegal migrants. Nokia runs all the way to the bank with  bankless money transfer by phone, aimed at people living on under $2 a day Former Pakistani military ruler Musharraf launches new political party  Afghan insurgents caused Canadian chopper crash  An investigation by Canadian military officials has confirmed that insurgents in Afghanistan were responsible for forcing down a Chinook helicopter in August. Travel Advisory China Warns Nationals Against Travel to Japan Following Right Wing Attack on Chinese Tour Bus BBC News  Druidry to be classed as religion by Charity Commission Iran 'detains western spies' after cyber attack on nuclear plant China Launches Moon Probe  Indonesian train crash kills at least 36 Chinese Spring for $6K Toilets  Chinas surging economy has created a new middle class leading to a demand for fancy toilets Pakistan floods 'When the children come running, it makes my heart drop' China Makes Greece An Offer They Can't Refuse