 WikiLeaks vanishes from web as US company removes DNS support | Media | guardian.co.uk Chinese drive their new motorcycles and cars like they are still on bikes. Disaster results.  Mexican police chief who took the job men didnt want is shot dead Assange not actually accused of Rape. Dude just didn't use a Condom and is being busted by some random ExclusivetoSweeden law. You've heard the talking point there's nothing we didn't know in the leaks. Well the German Foreign Minister's chief of staff was just fired because they showed he was spying for Uncle Sam. Russia, Qatar win race to host World Cups Brazil recognizes Palestinian state  based on borders at the time of Israel's 1967 conquest of the West Bank! Want to know what actually happened between Julian Assange, the women he was with, and the accusations of rape? Read this story that actually includes the police report from Sweden. Rape? No. A woman scorned? Absolutely. Julian Assange The Cable Gate archive has been spread, along with significant material from the US and other countries to over 100,000 people in encrypted form. If something happens to us, the key parts will be released automatically. PM Vladimir Putin speaking English.  I don't why this was interesting to me, but it was. WikiLeaks is Back in Switzerland Is it just me or does the BBC News and television network seem more neutral and less opinionated than US news networks and television? WikiLeaks cables reveal how US manipulated climate accord I think Reddit needs a Good News subreddit. The British are protesting US plans to extradite Gary McKinnon, a hacker with Asperger's Syndrome who accessed Department of Defense computers. Germany accuses US over 'missing' Afghan funds, WikiLeaks cables show  Berlin claims that 50m contribution disappeared into US treasury coffers with 15% 'administrative fee' taken by army WikiLeaks cables claim first scalp as German minister's aide is sacked  Helmut Metzner admitted acting as a mole for the US embassy during negotiations to form a government.
 South Korea to bomb the bejesus out of North Korea if they attack again.  Live Q&A with Julian Assange (1300GMT) WikiLeaks France adds to US pressure to ban website  French companies are banned from hosting websites that have been deemed criminal and violate the confidentiality of diplomatic relations. Wikileaks.org no longer exists. Domain now hosted in Switzerland as wikileaks.ch A leading Chinese academic said the North's attack was a misjudgment for which it would pay a high price. 'The immediate cost might be military strike..the longerterm cost might be largescale war, resulting in the disappearance of North Korea as a country,' Renmin University's Pang Zhongying said Spain has closed almost its entire airspace after air traffic controllers called in sick en masse. Breaking  Amazon defies western democracies. Lebanese Newspaper Publishes U.S. Cables Not Found on WikiLeaks Paypal bans Wikileaks just before midnight Friday Wikileaks is not dead, only the url.  you can access 
WikiLeaks through www.wikileaks.ch or directly at 
213.251.145.96. Wikileaks Cables  Leading Chinese politician 
ordered attacks on Google after Googling his own 
name and finding critical articles UK. People invade stores in push for government to tax the rich and big companies more instead of making budget cuts Pakistan Judge Upholds Right of WikiLeaks to Publish Freely US army warns soldiers in Iraq against viewing WikiLeaks As part of efforts to block the release of documents obtained by WikiLeaks, there is an escalating campaign, led by the US government, to bring down the organizations web site. Russias Shadow War on Georgia, WikiLeaked Why Farmers Are Flocking to Manure  Chemical fertiliser prices are rising. Supplies of potash from Canada are dwindling. Farmers may be forced back to using something so repugnant that the word itself was scrubbed from polite conversation Wet work in Iran Prof. Majid Shahriari, who died when his car was attacked in North Tehran Monday, Nov. 29, headed the team Iran established for combating the Stuxnet virus rampaging through its nuclear and military networks WikiLeaks Gadaffi nearly caused nuclear disaster after UN tent snub WikiLeaks cables Yemen offered US 'open door' to attack alQaida on its soil Wikileaks files show UK considered 'paranoidy US Why Amazon Caved  
Harvard researcher discusses Amazon's decision to boot Wikileaks. Highlights contradiction that, whereas we think of internet as public space, it's owned by private companies, who can do what they like AstraZeneca raided in EC competition investigation. Europe's competition watchdog has raided a string of pharmaceutical companies including AstraZeneca over possible collusion in delaying the introduction of cheap, generic drugs.  Irish Goverment Will Be Decimated In Election  The next war in the Ivory Coast World leaders have criticised a decision by Cote D'Ivoire's constitutional court to reverse the results of Sunday's vote, warning that it could plunge the country back into civil war Easter Island land dispute clashes leave dozens injured Do Ask, Must Tell  You won't believe what the Turkish military makes gay recruits do Carne Ross, former British Ambassador to the U.N., mocked and derided Keller (editor of NY Times) for being guided by the U.S. Government's directions on what should and should not be published Lebanon 'gave Israel army tips' on how they might defeat Hezbollah. Only 51 percent of Israelis said that Jewish and Arab citizens should have equal rights. 33% supported putting Arabs in internment camps if war breaks out. North Korea's Kim Jongun Portrait of a leader in the making After almost half a century of Israeli occupation its Palestinian population has shrunk from over 200,000 to fewer than 60,000. . On a nearby wall, someone had daubed in Hebrew Bless God for not making me a gentile. BBC Radio debate about what the future bodes for 
government secrecy given the Wikileaks cables  
includes John Negroponte and a contributor to the 
Wikileaks project Reporters Without Borders condemns the blocking, cyberattacks and political pressure being directed at cablegate.wikileaks.org Assange accuses Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard of betraying him as an Australian citizen in her eagerness to help the US attack him and his organisation Plea to ban WikiLeaks in Pakistan dismissed by Court ... judge said nothing is greater than the truth. Dick Cheney Wanted in Nigeria for Halliburton Bribes  The Daily Beast WikiLeaks Hasn't Leaked Anything Britain is going to scrap the requirement to have scientific advisors on drugs policy. Wikileaks to release some UFO files! WikiLeaks Julian Assange's lawyer denounces Swedish arrest warrant as 'political stunt' North Korea fattens up people for the family reunions between Koreas BBC summary of what has been learned from the leaked US embassy cables WikiLeaks Australia's Kevin Rudd told the US that force might be needed to integrate China into the international community if everything went wrong. Leaked cables show Saudi minister of petroleum helped craft toothless Copenhagen climate accord  John Pilger  Wikileaks  The War You Don't See Award winning journalist speaks about the absurdities put forward by members of the American government WikiLeaks's main server in France has gone offline, say Swiss supporters  The roof falls in on Ireland's Millionaires Row. Shrewsbury Road in Dublin was the sixth most expensive street in the world. Now, postcrash, homes have been abandoned and the tycoon residents have run for the hills Iran tells neighbours 'We'll never use force against you'  We have never used our force against our neighbours and never will because our neighbours are Muslims, said Iran's foreign minister, Manouchehr Mottaki. ExColombian drug smuggler relates how he piloted custombuilt submersibles that can transport threeandahalf tons of pure cocaine to  US KEVIN Rudd warned Hillary Clinton to be prepared to use force against China ''if everything goes wrong Wikileaks Cables Mexican troops captured a 14yearold U.S. citizen that specialized in beheadings as an assassin for one of Mexico's most vicious drug gangs. He admits to killing four people, earning $2,500 for each murder. Swiss Post considers whether to close the Postfinance bank account opened by Wikileaks founder Julian Assange Should We Blame the United States? No, Blame Can. . .Iran! Pakistani cleric says if the government does not hang a Christian mother convicted of blasphemy against Islam, then his mosque will offer a reward of $6,000 to anyone who kills her WikiLeaks Leaked US cables portray Chinas leadership obsessed with threat posed by the Internet to their grip on power  and by the opportunities it offered them, through hacking, to obtain secrets stored in US computers WikiLeaks's French server goes offline Palestinian firefighters help Israel I hope it could be a good opening for cooperation, more humanitarian assistance, and peace says Ibrahim Ayish, Palestinian firefighters' team leader. Razor 1911 Because of the recent efforts to close down wikileaks. We have decided to join up in the massmirroring of the site. For free journalism on a free internet. Just a reminder, only 837 documents out of 251,287 have been released so far by Wikileaks. Even if you take down the server in Sweden, it's too late, Swiss Pirate Party VP Pascal Gloor says. There are hundreds of mirrors of WikiLeaks now. It's a test for Internet censorship. Can governments take something off the net? I think not. Payback Bank That Froze Julian Assange's Bank Account Has Now Been Taken Down By Hackers Wikileaks cables reveal that the US wrote Spain's proposed copyright law Julian Assange is top of the TIME person of the year poll!  At the centre of a tightening web of death threats, sexcrime accusations and highlevel demands for a treason trial, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange threatened to unleash a 'thermonuclear device' of completely unexpurgated government files if he is forced to appear before authorities. The Swiss Bank Post Finance today issues a press release stating that it had frozen Julian Assange's defense fund and personal assets (31K EUR) after reviewing him as a high profile individual. Revenge of the Persians Iran has methodically hunted down and killed 182 pilots who bombed Iran during the IranIraq war Fresh doubts raised over how Dr Kelly is said to have killed himself after being named as the prime source of a BBC report accusing Tony Blairs government of lying to take Britain into war. But the lack on fingerprints on the pill packets cast fresh doubt China Clones, Sells Russian Fighter Jets  For almost 20 years China bought fighter planes from postSoviet Russia. Now it's worked out how to make them better and cheaper in China. It's no longer a valued customer of Russia. It's a lethal competitor Leaked diplomatic memos said that European Union President Herman Van Rompuy told America's ambassador that the EU no longer believes in success in Afghanistan, and that European troops are still there 'out of deference to the United States.' WikiLeaks' Assange Calls for Obama to Resign if Shown to Have Approved UN Spying  World Watch  CBS News MasterCard pulls plug on WikiLeaks payments Facing hundreds of death threats, Julian Assange
considering seeking asylum in Switzerland. WikiLeaks will release encrypted 'doomsday file' if Assange is detained or the website is permanently removed from the internet A pair of suicide bombers disguised as policemen killed 50 people Monday in an attack targeting a tribal meeting called to discuss the formation of an antiTaliban militia in northwest Pakistan
 Wikileaks China's GDP is manmade, unreliable Roughly 5,500 classified cables from the US Embassy in Baghdad paint a grim picture of why America's stunning military victory over Iraq devolved into disaster The Americans allowed themselves to get entangled in the SunniShiite conflict while being systematically outmaneuvered by the Iranians. Assange Accuser Worked with USFunded, CIATied AntiCastro Group Wikileaks European arrest warrant for Julian Assange arrives in UK Royal Bank of Scotland has advised clients to take out protection against the risk of a sovereign default by China as one of its top trade trades for 2011 14year Mexican Assassin is Actually American;Charged with Beheading, max penalty is 3 years US is silent  Hispanically Speaking News Hitchens Julian Assange should turn himself in. A Paris court has said Continental Airlines was criminally responsible for the crash of a Concorde supersonic jet 10 years ago, and fined it 200,000 euros (170,000). Wikileaks May I remind you that the same collective now being persecuted as a 'terrorist organisation recently received Amnesty International's New Media Award for reports on human rights abuses in Kenya. I'm going to be very unhappy if they capture Julian Assange without so much as a single snowmobile chase. Wikileaks Swiss bank closes Julian Assange's account Facebook issues statement saying that it will NOT ban content from WikiLeaks [It] does not violate our content standards nor have we encountered any material posted on the page that violates our policies. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has been denied bail by a judge after surrendering to British authorities over a Swedish arrest warrant Live with the WikiLeakable world or shut down the net. It's your choice Dianne Feinstein Prosecute Assange Under the 1917 US Espionage Act  1st Amendment would not apply. In other news, US law is now defacto worldwide law and anyone, anywhere can be held to it even if they aren't US citizens and weren't in the US when the crime was committed.  Julian Assange Vows Poison Pill Release Of Damaging Secrets If Arrested Or Killed Icelandic Journalist takes over for Julian Assange because of arrest. In this sewer, we reptiles of British journalism hold our heads high As WikiLeaks has shown, power loathes truth revealed. Disclosure is all we have when politicians are cowed, lawyers fall silent and audit is polluted... the press is the last best hope when democratic oversight fails More state secrets leaked! Except this time it's by a former Iranian diplomat about North Korea so I guess we are cool with it. Indigenous Peruvian won appeal in landmark human rights and environmental lawsuit against U.S. oil giant Occidental Petroleum for contaminating Amazon rainforest, poisoning communities  case will be heard in LA! WikiLeaks to keep releasing cables despite Assange arrest As far as I can see, [Assange] hasn't broken any Australian law, nor does it appear he has broken any American laws. Julian Assange arrested by British police 19 Countries to Miss Nobel Peace Prize Ceremony  Beijing has pressed for a boycott of the event, which will recognize the imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo Kenyan Prime Minister orders a nationwide crackdown on homosexuals. While gay men face 5 to 14 years in prison, the law does not extend to homosexual women Julian Assange has been arrested for having unprotected sex with two women. It's call sex by surprise in Sweden. The fine is about $715. UN peacekeepers were the most likely source of the cholera epidemic sweeping Haiti, according to a leaked report by a French disease expert.  Assange lawyer WikiLeaks will unleash a thermonuclear device of government files containing the names of spies, sources and informants if he's killed or brought to trial. Will they push the button? The income of a medieval English worker is double that of todays workers in Zaire and Burundi. Julian Assange is going to be prosecuted by the US not only under the Espionage Act 'Nineteen countries' shun Nobel China and 18 other countries say they will not attend Friday's Nobel Peace Prize... Argentina announced Monday that it recognizes the Palestinian territories as a free and independent state within their 1967 borders Hugo Chavez blames heavy rain on Capitalism. I think he might be redditor.  MC Hammered Mastercard downed under DDOS overnight WikiLeaks Texas Company Helped Pimp Little Boys To Stoned Afghan Cops The Vicepresidency of Bolivia is hosting the Wikileaks cables on their official website! The Australian government on Wednesday [December 8, 2010] blamed the United States, not the WikiLeaks founder, for the unauthorised release of about 250,000 secret U.S. diplomatic cables and said those who originally leaked the documents were legally liable. BREAKING Nigeria Actually Goes Ahead and Files Charges Against Cheney in Halliburton Bribery Scheme Julian Assange for the Nobel Peace Prize Wau Holland Foundation takes legal action against PayPal over suspended WikiLeaks funds PayPal Busted for Bogus Wikileaks Excuse Argentina, Uruguay recognize Palestinian state Remember that Afghan girl recently on the cover of time because her nose and ears were cut off after she tried to leave her marriage? Well Afghan police caught the cowards that did it! WikiLeaks Reveals U.S. Twisted Ethiopia's Arm to Invade Somalia N. Korea firing shells into Yellow Sea near disputed border As Nigeria charges Dick Cheney with corruption
Nigerian officials say Cheney's former company, Halliburton, is preparing to plea bargain Shanghai Students Are the World's Best; U.S. Doesn't Crack the Top 15 WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, and the dark side of Internet freedom    interview with newmedia scholar, on geopolitical fallout from Wikileaks affair. Assange should be handled with care. He's emerging as hero of powerful global geek movement for Internet freedom Glenn Greenwald Calls Julian Assange's Arrest Pure Authoritarianism What is really going on here is a war over control of the Internet, and whether or not the Internet can actually serve its ultimate purpose.  Assange could face trial in US  Swedish and US diplomats in informal talks with a view to Assange being delivered into US custody PayPal says US advised it to stop Wikileaks payments  UNDERGROUND PARTY SCENE IN JEDDAH Jeddahs elite youth is thriving and throbbing. The full range of worldly temptations and vices are available  alcohol, drugs, sex  but strictly behind closed doors.  Wikileaks More Latin American countries recognise Palestinian state  Argentina and Uruguay have announced that they would recognise a Palestinian state based on the borders that existed before the ArabIsraeli war of 1967   Iceland firm sues Visa for blocking WikiLeaks  Danish police have arrested a man on charges of genocide in Rwanda 16 years ago. Scores killed in Chile prison fire  Apparently there were two precision air bombings in Sudan in 2009, who the fuck is responsible for that? Ontarios ombudsman The G20 summit regulation that expanded police search powers entrapped legitimate protesters and likely violated the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Here in 2010 is the province of Ontario conferring wartime powers on police officers in peacetime. WikiLeaks payment firm to sue Visa, MasterCard Popular US television shows including Friends and Desperate Housewives have done more to stifle Islamic extremism in Saudi Arabia than hundreds of millions of dollars spent on propaganda, according to a leaked diplomatic cable. Russia calls for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to be given the Nobel Peace Prize  A source from inside president Dmitry Medvedev's office told Russian news agencies 'Public and nongovernmental organisations should think of how to help him. 'Maybe, nominate him as a Nobel Prize laureate.' In other news..Indian Ambassador to US singled out and received 'pat down' from TSA because she was wearing 'sari' and Indian traditional dress Dutch high tech crime team arrests 16 year old boy as the main suspect for the attacks on Paypal and Mastercard. Scott Adams, Dilbert Creator, on Sweden   If your condom breaks, that's jail time. What I'm saying is that the Club Med in Sweden is a nervous place WikiLeaks to Sydney Morning Herald and Melbourne Age, provide extraordinary evidence of Washingtons direct involvement in the antidemocratic coup against former PM Kevin Rudd last June Anonymous  Operation Payback  WikiLeaks ACTA Laws Message  Can Topless Women Keep Muslim Extremists Out of Denmark? Assange's attorney Swiss violating their reputation for banking secrecy; Assange contacted Scotland Yard about US action Irish government seeks 90% bank bonus tax  
Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said on Thursday he would impose a 90% tax on bankers bonuses, in a move to try to silence critics who have said the banking sector drove Ireland into the ground. Student protests in London on higher tuition fees; live coverage by The Guardian US dispatches have cleared up one of the most baffling weapons affairs of the recent past. In 2008, pirates hijacked a ship full of tanks and other military hardware. Kenya apparently intended to send the materiel on to Southern Sudan. But they were unprepared for the US reaction. Anon described as a loose band of people who share the same kind of ideals and wish to be a force for chaotic good. Lightning Bolt. There is no bigger waste of money than nuclear weapons. When we buy them, they just sit there getting dusty and rusty. When they do work, they destroy the entire planet, thus making the investment in the project a waste of time and money anyways. WikiLeaks vs The Machine  US government tells 
firms to pull plug on whistleblowing website as 
Hackers cause chaos with revenge attacks on 
Assange's 'enemies' World is getting more corrupt, says transparency poll 148 states call for transparency over depleted 
uranium use in UN vote  UK, US, Israel and France 
voted against The EU Is Going to Destroy Ireland  The CIA's ElMasri Abduction Cables Show Germany Caved to Pressure from Washington Russian official WikiLeaks Julian Assange should receive Nobel prize Austria is not the 51st state of the US. Iranian woman sentenced to stoning has been freed North Korea issued a statement that claimed possession of all waters around South Koreacontrolled Yeonpyeong Island, clarifying for the first time that its Nov. 23 attack of the island was motivated by a different view of the interKorean maritime boundary in the Yellow Sea than is widely held. Govt to take over all mines in Zimbabwe  Zimbabwe is in the cusp of a sweeping change in its mining policy with the government set to take over all the alluvial diamond deposits and mining of gold, platinum and other metals. Wikileaks. Brazil's President Lula defends Assange Instead of blaming someone who has disclosed these documents, those who wrote them should be blamed Wikileaks Reveals U.S. Tax Dollars Fund Child Sex Slavery in Afghanistan They're entitled to be paid it, [and] we're entitled to tax it  Ireland proposes to tax banker's bonuses at 90% Pfizer payout miilions over chemical testing on Nigerian Town  Wikileaks Why did they put Assange in jail, is that democracy at work?  Vladimir Putin Venezuela's Hugo Chavez says he'll govern from tent while flood evacuees use presidential palace Burma's nuclear plans (weapon development with North Korea?) exposed by WikiLeaks Massive Student Protests Rock UK Wikileaked cable Based on calculations from campaign observers around Iran who witnessed the vote counts, Mousavi received approximately 61% of the 42 million votes cast in 2009s election, followed by Karroubi (1012 million)... Ahmadinejad received a maximum of 45 million votes The 24hour Athenian democracy We are Everywhere. We are everyone. We are Anonymous.  Report Assange accuser flees to Middle East, may not be cooperating with police London student protestor struck by truncheon has brain injury Nobel peace prize awarded to China's Liu Xiaobo WikiLeaks protest kicks off in Melbourne You know you are an Asshole Country when the only other time someone else did it, It was Hitler's Germany. Iceland Recovering  No Bank Bailouts, No Euro What I Found In North Korea  Pyongyangs Plutonium is No Longer the Only Problem   Defying Chinese outrage, exiled dissidents, ambassadors from dozens of countries, Norwegian royals and other dignitaries will gather around an empty chair Friday to hail absent Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo. Paypal gives in Rethinking terrorist blacklists the policy of blacklisting is now facing a fundamental crisis of legitimacy. An Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning for committing adultery appeared last night to have been released The Vatican refused to allow its officials to testify before an Irish commission investigating the clerical abuse of children and was angered when they were summoned from Rome... Diplomat's Son Takes Out 'Bad Day' on Puppy... Downloads of [Anonymous' DDoS] LOIC software 
have grown 60fold, from 390 to 23,479 in the 
last week. Parliament Committee to review Visa & Mastercard operating licenses in Iceland due to Wikileaks ban. London tuition fee protest [pics] Something is Rotten The Strange Case of Interpol's Red Alert on Assange, and the US Attack on WikiLeaks WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange 'to be charged with spying by the US' WikiRebels  The Documentary Cables Show Ireland ceded to Vatican pressure to grant immunity to Church Officals is sex abuse scandal Charlie Stross Invaders from Mars  Why do we feel politically powerless? Because power in society has been ceded to corporate entities, whose priorities are not those of human beings. We are living in the aftermath of an alien invasion WikiLeaks cables Pope wanted Muslim Turkey kept out of EU PayPal, Amazon.com, Visa and MasterCard may have instantly crumbled under government pressure to drop WikiLeaks but other companies, some of them small, independent startups, haven't wussed out and are helping to keep WikiLeaks afloat by providing funding sources and hosting the site Academics are calling the Ontario government's condemnation of a university student thesis an attack on scholarly freedom, but those offended by the controversial paper insist they won't let hate hide behind the veil of academia.
  Bankersonuses to face strict limits in Europe Corruption In America Increases By The 4 Largest Amount In The World (Right Behind Cuba, Dominica And Burkina Faso!) John Pilger speaks out on charges against Julian Assange The importance of WikiLeaks cannot be overestimated. WikiLeaks Can Still Get Cash  Thanks To Pirate Bays CoFounder  via flattr.com China and the Nobel peace prize The empty chair  China expected comparisons with the Soviet Union, which responded similarly when Andrei Sakharov won in 1975. It is unlikely they fully realised that their behaviour would be equated even more prominently with that of Nazi Germany | The Economist The Japanese government plans to boost its deployment of Patriot Advanced Capability3 interceptor missiles at air bases across Japan to counter the threat of North Korea's ballistic missiles ... Russia was tracking the assassins of dissident spy 
Alexander Litvinenko before he was poisoned but 
was warned off by Britain, which said the situation 
was under control MEXICO  The eccentric leader of the brutal La Familia drug cartel was killed in a shootout during two days of fighting between federal police and gunmen Why Toronto Top Cop Bill Blair should be FIRED for G20 fiasco Wikileaks Brazil President Lula backs Julian Assange Suicide bomber blows up car in a crowded street in Stockholm, Sweden  The Haitian cholera strain carries a mutation that makes it more intense and could allow it to spread further, U.S. researchers say. UK Police must not be seen as arm of the state, warns top officer. Repeated clashes with demonstrators risks damaging reputation of police force Mexican military kills leader of powerful 'La Familia' cartel Bankers outraged as European regulation of 
banking pay is now set to be the most stringent in 
the world Vladimir Putin Sings Blueberry Hill in front of cheering American glitterati.    In 2005, Bush and Blair discussed bombing AlJazeera's news headquarters. One person has been killed and at least one other hurt as two explosions rocked the centre of the Swedish capital, Stockholm, reports say. Police officers 'tried to stop hospital staff treating injured protester' Worldwide protests call for release of Julian Assange Some areas of the world have a 20% child mortality rate due to lack of basic medicines, but have access to CocaCola.  This org wants to use their distribution channels to solve this problem. Being kettled was a shocking experience the 
media should scrutinise police tactics in 
contravening our basic rights  A village in China where through community 
ownership and cooperative investment, everybody 
has at least a car, a house, and $250,000usd in the 
bank. Wikileak cables reveal the background of prodictator U.S. policy Mexican Police Kill Head of La Familia cartel WikiLeaks backlash The first global cyber war has begun, claim hackers Swedish police say Stockholm attacks were terrorism   One man dead and two injured after attack in central Stockholm, as witnesses describe suicide bomber blowing himself up Iranian students burn Koran The 'Real Jew' Debate  NYTimes.com  A level of vitriol previous reserved for the Samaritans and Arabs is now directed at Jews that dare to criticize the direction of Israel Canada faces a flood of heroin and addicts  Treatment centres in cities around Canada are struggling to cope with a surge of addicts  many younger than ever before UN stifled report on Ivory Coast death squads that now run rampant Redefining Corruption Greece is corrupt, but Western European and USstyle cronyism is far more efficient at separating the yokels from their money. Chinas Army of Graduates Struggles for Jobs Someone's serious concerns about legal action due to 
flotilla massacre Chinas army of graduates is struggling Man sentenced to be blinded with acid by Iranian court |  IRAN'S supreme court has upheld a sentence of blinding with acid for a man who blinded his lover's husband, under the Islamic eyeforaneye justice code, a government daily said. Lockerbie The scandal of the decade?  
The WikiLeaks cables offer more evidence the British government was complicit in the release of the Pan Am bomber Profreespeech rallies held in several international cities to protest the arrest of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange British Police Look to Water Cannons to Deal With Protestersafter rioters attacked officers with metal poles, smashed windows and even vandalised a car carrying the Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall during protests against rises in university fees Being born a poster child for the Third Reich  How is it discovering youre the product of a Nazi breeding scheme, Heinrich Himmlers godson and the bastard child of a war criminal? Japan to Shift Its Military Toward Threats From China WikiLeaks copycats are popping up all over the world IndoLeaks, BrusselsLeaks And BalkanLeaks NKorea threatens SKorea with nuclear war What would you say if China threatened to issue an international warrant for the head of the BBC because they published news of the Nobel Peace Prize? Now, how about the US and WikiLeaks? Assange The more secretive or unjust an organization is, the more leaks induce fear & paranoia in its leadership and planning coterie. Since unjust systems, by their nature induce opponents, mass leaking leaves them vulnerable to those who seek to replace them with more open forms of governance Secret Virginia Grand jury meets to decide fate of WikiLeaks founder  Extradition and Espionage  Assange Prime Minister Julia Gillard may get me killed China and the Nobel ceremony  China setup a new Confucius peace prize (to rival the Nobel) and their first recipient for it has never heard of such an award and had no plans to accept it. Kuwait shuts down local alJazeera office for covering opposition protest meeting. Iran condemns violence against students in Britain. (I found it hard not to editorialize this title) Pakistani journalist sues CIA for drone strike that killed relatives $52bn of American aid and still Afghans are dying of 
starvation  Stockholm bomber was thrown out of Luton mosque for trying to recruit extremists Afghan president says he'd 'choose the Taliban' over U.S. North Korea warned today that USSouth Korean cooperation could bring nuclear war to the region.  China takes censorship to a new level by erasing from an internet blog an image of the empty chair that highlighted the absence of Liu Xiaobo, the Nobel laureate, from the peace prize ceremony in Oslo  Massive gang shooting spree on Vancouver's west side injures 10 people Ukraine to open Chernobyl area to tourists in 2011 Japan to Shift Its Military Toward Threats From China In order to foster good relations with the US, North Korea urged them to send Eric Clapton to Pyongyang because of Kim JongIl's second son's devotion to the rock star Liu Xiaobo Poetry Remembering Tiananmen Square Massacre to be Published in English Nobel Laureate's house in Beijing is torn down, wife missing. China's Oil Juggernaut From Texas to Sudan, China is snatching up oil fields. But will it play fair on the global market? Swedish military officer warned of attacks in advance | If you can, avoid Drottninggatan today. A lot can happen therejust so you know, the message said. Report Federal Grand Jury Considering Charges Against WikiLeaks Assange Brazil had capitalism without capital  it took a socialist metalworker to make capitalism work here, says President Lula to 60 Minutes. Brazil is off and running with jobs, industry, and resources.  Relatives of Spanish cameraman killed in Baghdad use WikiLeaks to press for justice After years of delays, the family of a Spanish journalist killed in a 2003 US attack on a Baghdad hotel turns to WikiLeaks documents that suggest the US and Spain colluded to prevent legal action! BBC reporter accuses protester with cerebral palsy of rolling threateningly towards police before he was dragged from his wheelchair. Halliburton bribes its way out of bribery charges. Disabled man dragged from his wheelchair by police during student protest in England Disabled protestor pulled from his wheelchair and dragged along street by police at student protests. And the media is confused why some protestors ceased to be peaceful? [Video + Story] Daily Kos Why I'm Posting Bail Money for Julian Assange (Michael Moore) WikiLeaks Julian Assange granted bail but remains locked up  They clearly will not spare any expense to keep Mr Assange in jail. This is really turning into a show trial. Kosovon human organ harvesting ring uncovered  World's Most Intelligent Man  
William Sidis (18981944). Could spell in English at age 1. Typed in French and German at 4. Entered Harvard at 11. Nervous breakdown at 12. Professor at 20. Predicted black holes.  Wikileaks founder Julian Assange granted bail Violence has erupted in Rome after PM Silvio Berlusconi survived parliamentary confidence votes. EU shelves recognition of Palestine  Foreign ministers from European Union say they will recognise a Palestinian state when appropriate Silvio Berlusconi survives confidence vote in Italy's senate  Ceremony to honour firefighters cancelled after Israel denies entry permits to Palestinians who helped battle blaze. Wells Fargo Laundered 378.4 Billion Mexican NarcoInsurgent Dollars Hugo Chavez, the Venezualan president, has announced plans to pass laws by decree for the next six to 18 months. Tony Blairs exroommate shut down inquest
into death of Iraq whistleblower report Wikileaks protest march to go ahead in Sydney today despite police refusing permission Richard Holbrooke was right You've got to stop this war in Afghanistan US Congressional Research Report into charging Wikileaks under the Espionage Act [pdf] Charges make me more determined  Assange  As Berlusconi survives a confidence vote, rioters demand a change in government Billy Bragg  Student Protesters This was supposed to be a generation of slacktivists but instead they have taken the initiative, demanding that tax avoiders take their share of the pain, too. 'Prepare for allout cyber war'  UK Government sites 
braced for attack by proWikiLeaks 'hacktivists' Rightwing hooligans terrorize Russia Soccer fans combine with extremists to beat and kill minorities The inhumane detention conditions of Bradley Manning  Glenn Greenwald  Salon.com Iceland Considers Revoking Visa/MasterCard Licenses For Wikileaks Ban British police tactic kettling challenged on 
multiple breaches of the European Convention on 
Human Rights including Article 5  the right not 
to be unlawfully detained; Article 10  the right to 
freedom of expression; and Article 11  the right 
to freedom of assembly My name is Jody McIntyre and I didnt begin fighting for equality on the 9th December, the night that I was thrown from my wheelchair and dragged across the road by a riot police officer. WikiLeaks Swedish government 'hid' antiterror operations with America from Parliament Palestinian firefighters who helped put out Israeli forest fire denied permits to attend ceremony in their honor Bloggers Under Fire Worldwide  an emerging pattern of internet censorship and repression against those who speak out online Wikileaks cable from Ghana reveals that Ghanaian officials avoid arresting drug barons and that smugglers may actually be moving cocaine through President Mills' private lounge at Kotoka airport The city of Juarez, Mexico has just had its 3000th murder this year.  In 2007, the number of homicides was 300. UK may ban further student marches should the levels of violence which have marred the recent protests continue Julian Assange denied freedom  bail ruling is being appealed. Another 48 hours in custody European Commission demands Britain justifies the widespread fingerprinting of children in schools because of significant concerns that the policy breaks EU privacy laws Prime Minister of Kosovo may have been leader in a black market organsmuggling ring Halliburton Offers Nigeria $250 Million in Exchange for Dropping Charges Against Cheney, Company S. Korea stages largestscale civil defense drill amid tension with N. Korea Worldwide sexual abuse network unveiled after Norwegian police followed up on a lead about a expolice officer under investigation for attempted sexual abuse of a minor.  Russia Frost At The Core  
The tensions between the declining performance of the Russian economy, the expectations of the population and the corruption of the bureaucracy will erode the system, whoever is president RBS locks FSA publication of bank investigation' Ten Biggest Africa Stories of 2010  Unless we live there, or have some professional interest, most of us probably couldn't name even one Africa story from 2010   The New Yorker Red Cross says Afghan conditions worst in 30 years Leaked Cable Hike food prices to boost GM crop approval in Europe Prime Minister of Kosovo is head of organ harvesting and drug ring in Eastern Europe report 27 asylum seekers die as boat sinks off Australia Cuba has launched its own online encyclopedia, similar to Wikipedia, with the goal of presenting
its version of the world and history. American ambassador says Norwegians are selfrighteous moralists and calls the country a loose cannon We now know that Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and others are instruments of US foreign policy  Julian Assange UK, not Sweden, behind efforts to keep Assange in jail  the British are lying WikiLeaks Big Oil spills BP covers up blowout, blackmails Azerbaijan An Italian court increased sentences for 23 CIA agents convicted in absentia of abducting an Egyptian imam in one of the biggest cases against the US extraordinary rendition program FormerLabour minister calls for all drugs to be legally available, claiming 'the war on drugs does not work' Greece paralyzed by general strike, protests  Some 20,000 protesters chanting no sacrifice for the rich marched through Athens Wednesday as a general strike against austerity measures grounded flights, closed factories, and disrupted hospital and transport services. UK may ban student protests Canadian PM I Will Defend Israel 'whatever the cost' Police attack protesters during Greek general strike. Police brutally attacked demonstrators, who fought back, as an estimated 100,000 people took to the streets in a general strike that brought Greece's major cities to a standstill. UK police chief wants to BAN PROTESTS Things are getting bad and about to get worse in Cote d'Ivoire. Following the disputed elections, troops fired on protesters killing at least 9. Quebec Judge's fuckup corrected by Texas judge, but too late.  One kid dead, another wounded when homicidal nutcase loses custody. European Court of Human Rights ruling will force Ireland to reconsider its abortion laws. Italian court ups sentences for 23 CIA agents BREAKING NEWS Critically Endangered Black Rhino Slaughtered in Serengeti National Park, Tanzania 	French minister praises Assange's support of media freedom Wikileaks's Julian Assange speaks of his relief at being freed. Iraq's war on Christians  Oil and geopolitics prevent the United States and Western European countries from speaking out against what amounts to genocide against Christians in the Middle East. TV psychic had to be stopped, says child sex victim High Court justice Duncan Ouseley rejected prosecutors' argument that Assange should stay in prison and granted him conditional bail. Ireland is still in denial over abortion Every year thousands of Irish women travel abroad for abortions. Police Make Preventative Arrests in Moscow  Police detained anyone whom they considered a potential threat, dragging them to waiting police buses. The situation in Moscow is under the control of law enforcement agencies, police spokesman Viktor Biryukov said. Kosovo prime minister implicated in election fraud, 
murder, organ harvesting, and drug trafficking Sweden's farright seizes on terrorist attack Antiimmigrant parties use Stockholm bombing for political gain Vatican could give master classes when it comes to Machiavellian power play Richard Stallman The actions against MasterCard and Amazon are not 'hacking'. People are just finding a way to protest in a digital space, the internet equivalent of a mass demonstration | guardian.co.uk The French Government Can Now Censor the Internet. This black list will be defined by the government only, without requiring the intervention of the legal system. Julian Assange interview with BBC hours after his bailout, 13 min. Now WikiLeaks has laid bare the lies and collusion, we pledge to not just witness but actively participate in its fight for democracy Google's Satellite Images Reveal Chinese 'Ghost Cities' WikiLeaks breaks no Australian laws Australian Federal Police The Lebanese army has dismantled two Israeli spy systems planted in the mountains above Beirut. Mexicos Drug War Leaves 30,196 Dead in Four Years WikiLeaks Cables reveal U.S.Cuban cooperation over drug smuggling WikiLeaks cables Sudanese president 'stashed $9bn in UK banks'  Speculation that Omar alBashir siphoned $9bn in oil money and deposited it in foreign accounts could fuel calls for his arrest CIA chief in Pakistan leaves after drone trial blows his cover. North Korea warned the South to cancel an artillery drill that it said will provoke stronger retaliation than shelling last month that killed four people. Retaliation to the drill will be 'deadlier' than on Nov. 23 [2010], staterun Korean Central News Agency said... Mexico's drug war Number of dead passes 30,000. This is getting out of hand! Ciudad Juarez, Mexico  Gunmen have killed a mother protesting in front of the governor's office in northern Mexico to demand justice for her slain daughter.

 The last day of the G20, protesters ended up at Queen and Spadina. Soon after stopping the crowd police boxed them in and began grabbing them out 1 by 1 to arrest people. They were standing there peacefully, many people weren't even protesting they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time... A new Cold War is starting in Asia as Japan is boosting its military to counter China.  Austrian man convicted for yodelling while Muslim neighbours prayed   Telegraph WikiLeaks army comes out to defend freedom of speech  ''Our freedoms are things we have won, our rights are things we hold because we've exercised them in the past,'' he said. ''Our antiterrorism laws are such that almost anything anyone can do can fall under their umbrella.'' Women with seditious eyes must cover up Scores die as drones renew attack on Pakistan's Khyber CIA top spy flees Pakistan over lawsuit  The US central intelligence agency (CIA) has been forced to call back its top spy in Pakistan after he was accused of killing civilians in unauthorized drone attacks. Eamonn McCann Why the US is up in arms over WikiLeaks South African politicians beaten by Israeli soldiers Japan is changing its defence policy in response to the shifting balance of power in Asia. More warnings from North Korea for retaliation of greater intensity and scope next week. [WashingtonPost] Bank of America says it won't process payments intended for WikiLeaks What has WikiLeaks done, after all? . . . it has globalised the conflict between citizen and state. The argument is no longer between a few Britons and those who operate the Official Secrets Act. It is no longer about a few Americans . . . running up against the Department of Homeland Security... This is why they protest in London government plans to cut  81bn in services over four years. Using loopholes, rich individuals and corporations will avoid paying 100bn in taxes over 4 years.  Julian Assange My life is under threat 10 days in Sweden the full allegations against Julian Assange Bolivia recognizes independent Palestinian state [Against Wikileaks]Schroeter... gave as an example the need for secret negotiations to reach agreement on the Treaty of Versailles. But since the treaty bears substantial responsibility for the rise of Hitler and WW2, it has a fair claim to being the most disastrous peace treaty in human history. UK Burglars accidentally shot (in the dark) by farmer hunting foxes. Report incident to hospital. Police marksmen and helicopter scrambled to arrest farmer... who has a firearms license. Burglars released without charge, charges dropped against farmer 3 months later Australia rejects Israeli ordered Media censorship on AlManar Firsttime lawmakers of South Korea's ruling Grand National Party will have propaganda leaflets dropped on North Korea on major holidays in the North . . . The leaflets are aimed to let North Koreans know the truth about their country. How Ironic.  Police Brutality, Western Australia  man tasered 41 times in a week BBC News  Bank of America stops handling Wikileaks payments The crew of a Chinese trawler and a South Korean patrol ship have clashed, leaving one fisherman dead and two missing, South Korean officials say. Nigeria agrees to drop corruption charges against Dick Cheney and Halliburton in exchange for a $250 million settlement.  South Korea stages mass evacuation drill amid tension '9/11 was an inside jo Full speech by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad at UN  Iran's president sparked a mass walkout by US delegates yesterday after telling a UN summit that most people believe the American government was behind the 9/11 attacks. Incumbent Ivory Coast President Laurent Gbagbo has demanded that all foreign peacekeepers leave the country immediately, escalating a dispute over last month's presidential election. WikiLeaks India Torture in Kashmir, Hindu radicalism worse than Islamic terror Law And The Russian System  
Corruption in Russia. Ubiquitous, acknowledged. Soft legal constraints. Laws are there to be brokenso long as you follow the unwritten rules for breaking the written rules. People know it's a bad system, but fear change WikiLeaks' revelations about RBS call into question 
the FSA's findings | Business | guardian.co.uk WikiLeaks UN offered Robert Mugabe a lucrative retirement overseas English Defense League (EDL) is poised to fuel the interfaith confrontation in UK South Korea said Saturday it will go ahead with artillery drills on a border island shelled by North Korea last month despite Pyongyang's threat to retaliate again, as Russia and China expressed concerns over tension on the volatile peninsula.

 Palestinians call for state recognition without peace deal | RT Assange Calls ABC Reporter a 'Tabloid Schmuck' & Exits Interview BBC Halliburton Recently Paid a Quarter BILLION Dollars to have Nigeria Drop Its Charges Against Dick Cheney in Pipeline Bribery Case Naomi Wolf on Assange charges Anyone who works in supporting women who have been raped knows... that Britain and Sweden, surely under pressure from the US, are cynically using the serious issue of rape as a fig leaf to cover the shameful issue of global collusion in silencing dissent. Bradley Manning's holding conditions in detail  from his lawyer David E. Coombs Israeli Settlers Stoning Palestinians Wikileaks response to BofA's payment ban Does your business do business with Bank of America? Our advise is to place your funds somewhere safer.  Aljazeera is not sympathetic to alQaeda or Muslim radicalism. Unlike US network news, they dont consider themselves our nannies, that they should filter the news for us and protect us from hearing the words of enemies. Iranian riot police out in force as food and fuel subsidies end In South Korea, concern over the North's possible collapse Lawyers cry foul over leak of Julian Assange sexcase papers |  The Australian In other news, Britain panics like a little girl at a few inches of snow. Katie Couric interviews Julian Assange regarding whether or not he knew or had contact with Bradley Manning  a great interview! The War You Don't See  John Pilger's documentary 
about the media's failures in reporting about the 
wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. [Video] Russia 'seriously concerned' over Korea tensions as North Korea threatens retaliation for South Korean military exercises; Russia calls UNSC meeting Gender pay gap 'down to women's lifestyle choices' Venezuela congress grants Chavez decree powers  Chvez is now legally the dictator of Venezuela.  Klaus Schwab, head of the World Economic Forum WikiLeaks is the expression of a new reality . . . The balance between the private sphere and transparency has been radically altered. Governments, companies and decisionmakers must accept to find themselves permanently in a glass room A top North Korean general offered Sunday [December 19, 2010] to help return the remains of several hundred U.S. troops killed during the Korean War, New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said. U.N. Delegates Debate Control Of Internet Littlenoticed debate at UN is one that focuses on the future of the Internet. On one side are countries favoring more governmental controls. On the other are the advocates of Internet freedom WikiLeaks lawyers Sweden smeared Assange with selective police files release. Protesters try to storm government HQ in Belarus Thousands of opposition protesters in Belarus have tried to storm the government headquarters, following the country's presidential election. US Vice President Joe Biden puts Justice Department on exploring legal pursuit of high tech terrorist Julian Assange  
An eccentric former British army captain, owner of an 18th century manor as well as a popular London war correspondents club, has taken the WikiLeaks founder, Julian Assange,  under his wing  John Pilger Swedes are smearing Assange and encouraging the US. Chief prosecutor, after making her own inquiries, cancelled the arrest warrant. It was only the intervention of a leading political figure, Claes Borgstrom, that reactivated the case! Caterpillar bulldozers militarize their machines specifically to demolish Palestinian homes for the Israeli army Visa, Mastercard and PayPal all enable donations to be made to USregistered groups funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank in defiance of international law. All Internet porn To be blocked in the UK  Customers would have to request to get porn turned on Assange We have clearly stated motives, but they are not antiwar motives. We are not pacifists. We are transparency activists who understand that transparent government tends to produce just government. And that is our sort of modus operandi... to get out suppressed information into the public Sweden gave us a home, treated us well, and offered us things that others, Arabs, nonArabs, Muslims and nonMuslims, refrained from doing. WikiLeaks India 'systematically torturing civilians in Kashmir' Repression of Italian student protests The specter of a policestate. Protests against education reform and Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's government last Tuesday in Rome were met with brutal force by Italian police and paramilitary units. WikiLeaks cables Diplomatic dispatches reveal world of smugglers, exmilitary fixers and radioactive materials found in unlikely locations. John Pilger  The War You Don't See Meanwhile in Belarus Lukashenko wins, thousands protest, Nieklajeu beaten up (literally). Wikileaks  Former UN secretarygeneral Kofi Annan offered Mr Robert Mugabe a lucrative retirement package in an overseas haven if he stood down as Zimbabwe's president South Korea island residents told to move to bunkers (URGENT) S. Korea begins livefire artillery drills from island near N. Korea We all owe Israel's racist rabbis a vote of thanks  Rabbis who signed a ruling against leasing to Arabs have put an end to the notion of rabbinic authority and have freed us to be Jews on our own terms.
 HRW Report Palestinians face systematic discrimination because of their race, ethnicity, and national origin, depriving them of electricity, water, schools, and access to roads, while Jewish settlers enjoy all of these benefits British tuition hike Jody McIntyre 'What the government are trying to do is to widen the gap between the rich and the poor' Pope Says Sexual Abuse Scandal Has Hit Unimaginable Dimension 10th human foot washes up on BC coast. Former UK drug minister and Defense Minister Bob Ainsworth calls for all illegal drugs, including cocaine and heroin, to be legalized!! India The government cracks down on sexselective abortions and proposes a cashincentive plan to encourage families to have girls Officially, Belarus dictator Alexander Lukashenko won reelection with almost 80 percent of the vote on Sunday. The opposition, though, is accusing his government of massive fraud. Protesters in Minsk were savagely beaten and at least four opposition candidates have been arrested. Swedish government 'hid' antiterror operations with America from Parliamentary Scrutiny Cablegate MPAA, RIAA, BSA weighed in on Frances Internet disconnection law | Raw Story Wikileaks Sudans President Bashir stole billions | NewsBreakingOnline.com Europe Turns against Germany In a clear violation of UN Sanctions, Chevron discussed oil project with Iran LAST YEAR! Reporters without borders to host mirror site of Wikileaks Assange Our technology means we don't know who is submitting us materials. But the name Bradley Manning was first heard by us when we read an article about his arrest in Wired magazine.  When I was in Iraq, something happened to me that I can only explain by saying that I
lost my mind. At some point while I was in Iraq, I stopped seeing Iraqi's as good and
bad, as men, women, and children. I started seeing them all as one, and evil, and less
than human. Assange lost tooth, was housed with child killers in prison. WikiLeaks founder says he has enough material to make major US bank head resign Popes child porn 'normal' claim sparks outrage among victims Apple confirms its culture of censorship and joins Bank of America, Paypal, Mastercard, Visa, Amazon and others to be Boycotted! Freedom of Information prevails!  China bans English words in media. China's state press and publishing body said such words were sullying the purity of the Chinese language. Wikileaks US threatened retaliation to bully EU into accepting biotech crops UN drops 'sexual orientation' from protected minorites list Even if those [Arab and African] countries do not support gay rights, you would think they would support our right not to be killed. Harry Potter actress was eaten and branded a prostitute by her family after dating man who was not a Muslim'   WikiLeaks cables Bangladeshi 'death squad' trained by UK government  Rapid Action Batallion, accused of hundreds of extrajudicial killings, received training from UK officers, cables reveal.
 Israel's not so subtle ethnic cleansing  Israel encourages building in settlements while refusing building permits in Palestinian areas.  This and other tricks have led to 31% of Palestinians being pushed out of some areas according to Human Rights Watch Assange People affiliated with Wikileaks have already been assassinated RAcist rally in Israel against rending properties to Arabs spills over into rally about ethnic purity in everything... again ABBAS Asked ISRAEL to attack Hamas, WikiLeaks cables show. White phosphorus fired against human targets in broad daylight  Afghanistan WikiLeak cables to Spanish newspaper El Pais confirm that the US bullies Spain into proposed controversial website blocking law, and unleashing the fury of Spanish Internet users Former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt slams 'foolish' US pursuit of Wikileaks  That seems like revenge and it is, Schmidt told weekly Die Zeits magazine in an interview to be published Thursday. Israel orders ambassadors abroad to immediately begin public relations campaigns to combat increasing support and recognition of the Palestinian state by S. American and EU states Assange on time in prison lost tooth, was housed with child killers; police so concerned he would be assassinated they cut short a press conference after four minutes. Vince Cable 'declares war' on Murdoch takeover in secret tapes Freedom of press just died in Hungary today Magnitude 6.3 earthquake hits southern Iran UK Business Secretary Vince Cable stripped of responsibilities related to media and telecoms by PM David Cameron for daring to investigate Rupert Murdoch's News Corp 
Israeli security officials suggest promoting Arab integration as a means of stopping radicalization Spanish parliament rejects antidownloading law that would have allowed the courts to close down p2p websites. Wikileaks revealed the US bullied Spain into trying to pass this law. Rest of the world it's your turn to stand firm against those who try to impose internet censorship. You can do it too! WikiLeaks smoking cable Israel said it had secret accord with U.S. over expanding settlements even as Obama said in Cairo they must stop Is it really happening in Europe? More than 600 in jail including five presidential candidates and nobody cares?! Russian newspaper gets unlimited access to the WikiLeaks database Julian Assange Renews Membership In Australian Journalists' Union  ACTU president Ged Kearney will present a membership card to Mr Assange's Australian lawyer, Rob Stary, at a ceremony in Melbourne on Thursday morning. The Secret Behind the Travel Mayhem  
Why is five inches of snow shutting down Londons Heathrow airport? Because its more concerned with being a mall than plowing runways. We now know the Tory government want to sell ALL stateowned English forest Julian Assange about secrets, leaks and why he will not go back to Sweden  Al Jazeera interview Argentina has sentenced 15 former military and police officers to life in prison for taking part in human rights violations during Argentina's dirty war Nuclear Arms reduction treaty ratified by US senate Fossil hunters uncover complete 252m yr old underwater world, including plants, fish and large reptiles, in Luoping, China Your tax dollars at work Israeli to deploy new tanks to Gaza Unknown Hemorrhagic fever outbreak that started in Abim Uganda Last month has yet to be identified. Spain Rejects Proposed Legislation to Shutdown P2P Sites Julian Assange will be Le Monde's man of the year  according to AFP via RIA Novosti (use Google Translate) Forests size of Russia 'could be restored'  Toronto G20 Police Officer Finally Charged With Assault Apple removes iPhone Wikileaks app from iTunes S Korea to hold 'mega drill'  UN office for torture issues in Geneva looking into Bradley Manning's treatment Argentina former leader Jorge Videla jailed for life WikiLeaks cables Syria believed Israel was behind sniper killing. Assassination of Syrian president's top security aide caused anxiety among the political elite Ahead Of Possible Wikileaks Assault, Bank Of America Buys Insulting Domains  Live News Wire WikiLeaks cables Vatican vetoed Holocaust 
memorial over Pius XII row Israel had secret accord with U.S. over expanding settlements even as Obama said they must stop UN's top torture official now investigating WikilLeaker Cpl. Brad Manning's pretrial prison conditions.  USA may soon be labelled a nation that engages in torture. Bomb explodes at Swiss embassy in Rome Wikileaks All 250,000 cables reported leaked in Norway WikiLeaks to release Israel documents in six months The Capitalist United States vs Socialist Germany Guess who has the second highest trade surplus in the world? Bolivia formally recognizes Palestine as independent state  WikiLeaks strategy Bank of America buys up hundreds of abusive domain names for its senior executives and board members as a defensive strategy against the future publication of damaging insider info from WikiLeaks Sad end to story of a mother who sought justice for her murdered daughter in Mexico she herself has been killed  Assange warns of 'digital McCarthyism'  msnbc interview Gay rights advocates score hardfought victory U.N. restores reference to sexual orientation, dropped last month from a resolution opposing the unjustified killing of minority groups UN changes its mind. It's not okay to kill gay people anymore. A Nation Descends into Violence  The Mexican government has been using the army to fight the nation's drug cartels for about four years. It isn't working. Some critics say the army is part of the problem, even if the occasional mission removes a kingpin. Felipe Caldern has no one else to trust. WikiLeaks Call of Duty How Wikileaks killed Spain's antiP2P law John Pilger's excellent video The War You Don't See Sir David Frost Interviews Julian Assange Upon Release from Jail ExBush strategist Karl Rove likely plays lead role in Sweden's effort to prosecute Assange Swedish PM has a friendship with Rove for 10 years, reportedly asked him to help with his 2010 reelection in Sweden and hired Karl when he got thrown out of the White House. U.S. ambassador to Australia in OpEd asserts that WikiLeaks damages free expression by choking private talks. (A commenter calls it a scarily Orwellian piece attacking one of Australia's most famous heroes, Julian Assange.)  One trader owns 8090% of the copper in London Metal Exchange warehouses; or, about half the worldwide exchangeregistered copper stockpile. WikiLeaks to publish 'sensitive' Israel cables  Sensitive and classified documents on Israel's 2006 war on Lebanon and January's assassination in Dubai of Hamas militant Mahmud alMabhuh would be released, Assange said. ExArgentina leader jailed for life  Former military dictator Jorge Videla convicted of murder of at least 31 political prisoners during 1970s' Dirty War. New Zealand Discloses Military UFO Files (Link to Original Documents) Putin reinforces Russian nationalism Prime minister's words, actions in the wake of race riots strengthen ideology. Web filtering Why a Great British Firewall will be useless. Ed Vaizey's plan to block pornography online is doomed to fail because it simply won't work South Korean Army's K9 selfpropelled guns fire live rounds during military exercises early today [December 23, 2010] on the Seungjin Fire Training Field, 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the Koreas' heavily fortified border. Photo credit Park Jiho / Yonhap Julian Assange is the man of the year for the French newspaper Le Monde Hungary just passed the most draconian anti free speech law in the European Union. How do we put a stop to this wrecking ball politicians are swinging at our freedoms? Iraqi man kills his own 19 year old daughter after discovering that she was recruited as a suicide bomber Amnesty are urgently asking you to stand up and say something about Habibollah Latifi due to be executed in Iran on the 26th. WikiLeaks Israel Destroyed Syrian Nuke Facility  In a leaked diplomatic cable obtained by the daily Yedioth Ahronoth, thenUS secretary of state Condoleezza Rice wrote the Israelis targeted and destroyed the Syrian nuclear reactor just weeks before it was to be operational. I discovered that in China, in this society, women in villages have no human rights. They [local family planning officials] even said that I am under their management, that I do not have a choice, that whatever they say I have to do.  Bus company will not run Israeli war crimes ad (from r/politics) Mexico's Forever War Ends 2010 with more than 11,000 drugrelated killings, up from approximately 6,600 last year EU begins investigation into Hungary's new anti
freedom of speech law Cuba begins to publish leaked U.S. documents A judge yesterday called for the prosecution of three Swiss engineers suspected of smuggling nuclear weapons technology following allegations that the US pressured Switzerland to destroy incriminating evidence to conceal their work for the CIA. JERUSALEM  A wave of protests and discriminatory acts by Jewish Israelis against Arabs and Africans is worrying rights activists and has prompted an unprecedented appeal for calm from Israel's prime minister. Korean Crisis The view from the defectors  Human rights are guaranteed and no one dies of hunger here, but in North Korea those basic needs are met only if you work incredibly hard. Whistleblower alerts Govt to Israeli agents destroying files | Trinidad Expresss Danish court rules climate summit arrests illegal. Each person who took the case to court until now will get around 1000$ After 7 hour Interruption, Furious Passengers Riot in Buenos Aires Surprising Police and Protestors  (VIDEO)  Hispanically Speaking News The Economist Europe the inside story gives a 3 minute light overview of the current EU political scene  as a nonEU person this was very helpful to me Chevron's dirty tricks in Ecuador's huge environmental lawsuit exposed As speculators and increasing demand drive up Beijing's real estate prices, those who cannot afford the rent are going underground  literally. Hundreds of cellars and airraid shelters are being rented out as living spaces in the Chinese capital. Haiti urged to halt cholera antivoodoo lynchings  The head of Haitis voodoo religion appealed to authorities on Thursday to halt bloody lynchings of voodoo priests by people who blame them for causing the Caribbean countrys deadly cholera epidemic. Gbagbo denied access to Ivory Coast state funds Frances wars over women Why the twostate solution is the only way to save Israel German Defense minister calls on Berlin to name a street after Ronald Reagan  North Pakistan clashes 'leave 27 dead'

3 soldiers and 24 militants have been killed in a tribal region of northwestern Pakistan, officials have said. Assange said that his website is due to release thousands of documents related to Israel, particularly dealing with the Mabhouh assassination in Dubai and the Second Lebanon War Indian pediatrician, dedicated life to helping sick children in tribal India, arrested by democratic regime for treason.  Reddit, let's bring attention to this injustice! Bradley Manning's Holiday Statement WikiLeaks reveals true face of Israel Military intelligence chief sought Hamas takeover to declare Strip as hostile entity, turning it into a large prison camp by blocking it from land, air and sea Ireland is using the National Pension Reserve Fund to bailout unstable Irish Banks. Somehow this seems like a bad idea to me.  Tsunami warning issued after quake in Pacific  A warning has been issued for Vanuatu, New Caledonia & Fiji following a 7.6 magnitude earthquake below the Pacific seabed On September 6, 2007, Israel destroyed the nuclear reactor built by Syria secretly, apparently with North Korea's help, wrote former US secretary of state Condoleezza Rice Indian spacy agency ISRO's GSLV rocket explodes in mid air  ( Female bomber kills 45 at Pakistan food center
 Venezuela's new laws Penalties for spreading political dissent on the Internet, grant decree powers to Chvez and prevent legislators from breaking with his political movement The murder mystery of Pakistan's former prime minister Benazir Bhutto has taken a new turn as recently arrested police officials have disclosed the names of the ISI officials who could be connected to her assassination.  Ecuador recognizes Palestine state   Ecuador formally recognized Palestine as an independent state on Friday, following the lead of its neighbors Bolivia, Brazil, Argentina and Uruguay earlier this month. 10,500 square meter crater opens up in Romanian town Einstein's theory is proved  and it is bad news if you own a penthouse  The underappreciated heroes of 2010 (by Johann Hari of the Independent)  The demolition of press freedom in Hungary. Without any significant protest from the EU or the European press, Hungarys Fidesz party has won overwhelming parliamentary support to pass a new media law that will effectively deprive the country of freedom of the press. Immigration in Canada A smaller welcome mat | The Economist The End Of Men  US parents prefer daughters over sons. Even Asia following suit. Why? Because women outperform men in advanced, postindustrial economies. More productive, more employable, better educated Afghanistan is seeing higher levels of violence this year than last year at this time, with 20% more civilians killed and the number of security incidents up by 66%, the United Nations says in a new report. 43 killed outside World Food Programme distribution area in Pakistan Global flu warning after UK hit New strain of MRSA superbug found in Isle of Man The Dire State of the US Economy Holiday Statement from Bradley Manning Australia says it's unfortunate that Denmark has cancelled plans to receive & destroy 1,000s of tons of hazardous waste, blaming Denmark's decision on politics rather than safety concerns The real heroes of the Haitian earthquake disaster are from America's archenemy Cuba, whose 1200 doctors and nurses have put US efforts to shame Vatican emerges from WikiLeaks as a key player on the global scene What's amazing is that the Vatican accomplishes all this with a relatively tiny diplomatic corps  a few hundred bishops and priests who were handpicked and trained at a littleknown diplomatic academy in downtown Rome. Wikileaks Disturbing development in the African uranium mining industry  abysmal safety and security standards in the mines, nuclear research centres, and border customs are enabling international companies to exploit the mines and smuggle dangerous radioactive material across continents South Korea says it will keep a giant Christmas tree near the border with North Korea lit until January 8, amid threats from North Korea. This is getting a little ridiculous. Ethnic cleansing in the Israeli Negev The razing of Bedouin villages by Israeli police shows how far Israel will go to achieve its aim of Judaising the region Following Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Cuba, and Venezuela, Ecuador recognizes Palestine as an independent state within the 1967 borders. Kafkas Castle is collapsing  You cant reason with 
the absurd, as IKEA found when it tried to build a 
model business in Russia. Institutional corruption is 
out of control. Kafkas Castle is finally collapsing. 
This is good news, as Russians, ordinary Russians 
are losing their fear. Armenian police target teenage rock cult emo could damage our gene pool. Assange signs $1.5m book deal. I fought for Egypt in the 1967 and 1973 wars, and was a PoW in Israel...and yet my country seems to want to eradicate me Assange to write autobiography to cover legal costs and keep Wikileaks afloat I don't want to write this book, but I have to The leader of Germany's opposition Social Democrats has said his party will not back an extension of the country's Afghanistan troop deployment without concrete moves to scale down the Bundeswehr's mission. Assange signs deals for his autobiography worth more than 1 million I have already spent 200,000 for legal costs and I need to defend myself and to keep WikiLeaks afloat. The present political balance of power has created a Knesset that has become an assembly line of legislation that is dragging Israel down to the bottom of the list of civilized countries. Assange signs $A1.5m book deal North Korean troops boast on state TV of attacks on the South Thousands flee Ivory Coast for Liberia amid poll crisis About 14,000 people have fled Ivory Coast to neighbouring Liberia following last month's disputed Ivorian presidential election, the UN says.  UN agency condemns Arab home demolitions in Jerusalem Is Israel a Theocracy Palestinians who wish to become citizens of Israel are to be made to pledge allegiance to the country as a Jewish state under a controversial plan unveiled by Netanyahu Icy rain has shut down Moscow's largest airport, coated roads with ice & left over 200,000 people & 14 hospitals without electricity India's languishing countryside A village in a million | The Economist Mossad chief to apologise for illegal use of UK passports in Dubai killing Wikileaks  Iran recruiting Ninja Assassins! India is new top stop for world leaders seeking deals As this adolescent century unfolds, four competing civilizations will shape it. This new contest of civilizations could determine the balance of power between nations and regions for generations.  Al Jazeera has put out their Top 10 stories of 2010.  I think it's more deserving of our traffic and attention than Time's Bogus Person of the Year gag, not to mention all the other pointless polls people try to influence.   WikiLeaks has not been convicted of a crime. The US Justice Department has not even pressed charges. Nonetheless, the financial industry is trying to shut it down! This decisions came after Assange said it will release data revealing corruption in the financial industry PirateBay Takedown and Changes to Swedish Intellectual Property/Civil Liberties Legislation Exposed to be Heavily Influenced by the American Government According to WikiLeak Cables Released to the Swedish Piracy Party (Google Translate) For more than six months, Wired's Senior Editor Kevin Poulsen has refused to publish key evidence in the arrest of U.S. Army PFC Bradley Manning for allegedly acting as WikiLeaks' source.  Wired is owned by Conde Nast, owners of reddit.com Wikileaks The DEA has been transformed into a global intelligence organization with a reach that extends far beyond narcotics, and uses eavesdropping operations against world politicians The government of Syria was active in organizing the 2006 riots that erupted across the Arab world following the publication of controversial cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed, Oslo daily Aftenposten reported Monday [December 27, 2010], quoting US diplomatic cables released by website WikiLeaks. How did the media miss this? Wikileaks cable exposes secret ninja contract killers in Iran  Today Khodorkovsky was convicted once more  because he dared to oppose Russian Prime Minister Putin. Here is the trancript of his closing statement A moving and powerful plea for democracy. Worth a read. Syrian support for attack on Danish embassy 
[WikiLeaks] WikiLeaks cyber warriors, a virtual game of dominoes that was set off by WikiLeaks and Julian Assange and is being carried on by global media, free speech activists and cyber warriors who want access to the information that only WikiLeaks is willing to share, plus a still life 2009 retrospective. German prosecutors are investigating whether two Russian dissidents living in Berlin have been poisoned More than 1,500 stage protest in central Moscow against xenophobia following the deadly shooting of a Russian football fan Nigerian Muslims Slaughter 38 Christians  South Korean President Lee Myungbak has told his nation it must unite in the face of military aggression from the North. Khodorkovsky verdict lays bare Russian injustice  Fred Hargesheimer, a World War II Army pilot whose rescue by Pacific islanders led to a life of giving back as a builder of schools and a teacher, died here Thursday. He was 94. Merkel Government Split ahead of Mandate Vote  Most in Germany would like to see their troops return home from Afghanistan ASAP  and Foreign Minister Westerwelle has adopted the position as his own. But many in the Merkel government disagree and Westerwelle has powerful detractors. Cuban medics in Haiti put the world to shame (UK Independent) WikiLeaks rule of law in Mikhail Khodorkovsky trial merely 'gloss'. US dismisses Russian efforts to show due process in tycoon's trial as 'lipstick on a political pig' Afghan police part of the problemCorruption in the lawenforcement service has become so endemic that a provincial governor has decided to speak out. Britain's big freeze death toll hits 300 every day Nearly 300 more people a day died when freezing temperatures hit at the start of this month, new figures show. Train Carrying Gifts for N. Korea's Heir Derailed. Rabbi threatens civil war at rally There will be a civil war and the creation of a new, autonomous entity...should the government evacuate even the smallest West Bank settlement. Opposition to the Euro Grows in Germany  The number of grassroots initiatives against the common currency is increasing, and political observers say a Tea Partystyle antieuro movement could do well. Thousands rally in Moscow against ethnic violence The Paper That Finally Changed The Law on Drugs Published in The Lancet, the paper demonstrates  clear scientific evidence that opposes UK drugs policy. The Government respond by removing from law the need to have a scientist on the Advisory Council for the Misuse of Drugs! Portugal's drug policy pays off US which has been  waging a 40yr, $1 trillion war on drugs, is looking for answers in tiny Portugal For six months, Wired's Senior Editor Kevin Poulsen possessed but refuses to publish the key evidence in the arrest of Bradley Manning for allegedly acting as WikiLeaks' source. Adrian Lamo  an informant  gave Poulsen the full chat logs between Manning and Lamo. Wired was free to publish them Wikileaks will be the death of big business and big government The Wikileaks revolution isnt only about airing secrets and transacting information. Its about dismantling large organizations  from corporations to government bureaucracies. It may well lead to their extinction Britain's banks attempt to suppress student's expos of chip and pin ATM security WikiLeaks Swedish government 'hid' antiterror operations with America from Parliament Britain risks Israeli anger by extending diplomatic recognition to Palestinians   6 Million Fish Dead in Bolivian Ecological Disaster George Clooney launches satellite project to monitor Sudan and prevent civil war New Venezuelan law makes foreign financing of political organisations illegal Israeli warplanes violate Lebanon's airspace several times, considered a violation of the peace treaty of the IsraeliLebanese war of 2006.  BBC News  Bank bonuses in global disclosure call  banks will soon have to show (in detail) how much their top managers are making. 17,368 Indian farmers committed suicide in 2009! 45 years ago, a joint IndoUS espionage mission lost 5 kilograms of plutonium in the Himalayas. Its still missing. South Korean president ramps up aggressive stance towards North   South Korea's armed forces will respond relentlessly if they are attacked again by North Korea No Israel apology on Turkish ship raid Netanyahu
| Reuters Iraq Wants the U.S. Out Prime Minister, in Interview, Says Troops Must Leave Next Year as Planned German airports are considering assigning passengers to risk categories based on age and ethnicity, and checking them accordingly. Critics say the move would foment racism, breach antidiscrimination laws and fail to boost security.  Christmas bomb plot nine men remanded over plan to low up Big Ben and Westminster Abbey' Law on Internet to prosecute rumormongers 'unconstitutional'  A law that provided the legal grounds to indict Minerva, a wellknown Internet commentator, for spreading misleading information on the Internet was ruled unconstitutional, Tuesday.  Why is the north magnetic pole racing toward Siberia? WSJ obtains Wikileaks financial data spending up, donations down  Boing Boing Did Pfizer Bribe Its Way Out of Criminal Charges in Nigeria? Bolivian Bus drivers announce a strike in response to the 83% increase in the price of gasoline and the 73% increase in the price of diesel fuel  Iran hangs man convicted of being Israeli Mossad spy. USA forced Sweden's hand on piracy and Pirate Bay crackdown Paris to ban SUV's from driving city streets WikiLeaks cables revealed 'secret concerted U.S. effort to stop a crusading Spanish judge from investigating a torture complaint against former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and five other senior Bush lawyers.' German Kindergartens ordered to pay copyright for songs  Up until this year, preschools could teach and produce any kind of song they wanted. But now they have to pay for a license if they want children to sing certain songs. Israel is discriminating against Palestinians living in the occupied territories by depriving them of water, electricity and roads  Human Rights Watch  South Korea says it will prepare for unification with North. Since there must always be two sides to every 
story, the BBC invites a Christian who supports the 
execution of gay people to comment on Sir Elton 
John's newborn child. Terror suspects arrested in Sweden and Denmark    Five men planed to kill as many people as possible at Danish daily.  The Israeli armys looting of books belonging to Palestinian intellectuals, where as many as 30,000 Arabic books and manuscripts, some of them rare and valuable, ended up in Israels National Library. Nigerias deal to drop Dick Cheney's charges called illegal Wired Putting the Record Straight on the LamoManning Chat Logs WikiLeaks US declined to cooperate in Dubai Probe of Mabhouh Killing Rabbis' wives urge Israeli women Stay away from Arab men  A new letter signed by 30 women suggests that girls who date nonJews will be cut off from their 'holy race'.
 WikiLeaks clones popping up in Europe and beyond  The perceived successes of WikiLeaks have catalyzed wouldbe whistleblowers to launch their own crusades for transparency. The most recent is PirateLeaks.cz, launched by the Czech Pirate Party.  Israeli security services deny Palestinian detainees access to legal advice or family before confessions are signed, according to a report by an Israeli and a Palestinian rights group. Lawyers in Nigeria accuse the government of acting illegally by agreeing to settle criminal bribery charges against Cheney out of court Pancho Villa's Heir Fighting Drug Cartels in Mexico French War On File Sharing Begins more than 100,000 internetusers warned that they have been caught accessing pirate material.
 Denmark 'foils terror attack' Police arrest five suspects linked to a plot against newspaper that printed controversial cartoons of Prophet Muhammad. The British armed forces are drawing up contingency plans to evacuate hundreds of thousands of British residents and tourists from Dubai and other Gulf cities in the event of war with Iran. Future Shock? Welcome to the New Middle Ages India Joins U.S. Effort to  Stifle Iran Trade  No police in Mexico town after last officer kidnapped 'Let them do it!' Chavez dares U.S. to cut ties 
 Christian Association of Nigeria and Nigerian Muslims' spiritual leader make a joint statement condemning politicians for inciting religious violence Chinese villager with a history of speaking out against government abuse found dead due to a traffic accident. Except Chinese netizens suspect that he may have been held down by four men as he was run over by a truck. Juarez is dying. Europe to ban hundreds of herbal remedies Former Israeli president Moshe Katsav convicted of rape. France to bring in nonWindows tablet tax Why Corporate Capital and Finance Are Waging an AllOut Cyberwar Against Wikileaks Long famed for hiding money for everyone from Nazis and drug lords to spies and dictators, the Swiss government's banking arm has decided that WikiLeaks and Assange are just too hot even for it to handle China shuts down 60,000 porn websites  Germany Final ruling says police must not use video monitoring against protesters; the practice impairs the right do demonstrate. Young Botswana boy chased and stabbed with spear for trying to run away from his own circumcision ceremony TIL sometimes the British have to hide their castles. Third Reich poster child  The incredible true story of a mans gradual realisation he was the product of a Nazi breeding scheme, a man bred to the purely beautiful  the child and pride of the bygone utopia of a pure Aryan world. Nigeria's first porn movie a big hit . Local shopkeepers reaction Some people will even come here and pretend as if they want to go home to watch the movie so that they can criticize it but deep down in their hearts, they like it. U.S. dominates Middle East arms market
 I guess some ExPresidents can be held accountable for their actions.  ExPresident of Isreal convicted of Rape Boy, 8, fighting for his life after jumping into boiling hot thermal spring
 Cryptome writes WikiLeaks obituary Sites purpose now dead in the water WikiLeaks backers say Zimbabwe websites shut down
| Reuters U.K. envoy said Israel ready to use nuclear bomb in 1980, newly released cables reveal  Documents, released under Britain's 30year rule, include Marget Thatcher saying that Israel's settlement policy was 'absurd.' Restaurant apologises after police called over festive Christmas menu
 Canadian WikiLeaks mirrors ...questions are being raised about the liability of Canadians and Canadian web companies creating and hosting [WikiLeaks mirror] sites  thereby facilitating the spread of confidential diplomatic information  should governments pursue legal action.

 Security guards in Uganda to check women's breasts for bra bombs ... in other news thousands of men claim to be security guards overnight... Read thoughtfully the last five paragraphs in James Kurth's excellent article titled The Vatican's Foreign Policy (published in 1993). Venezuela condemns imperial U.S. visa reprisal
 The struggle for East Jerusalem  Palestinian communities in East Jerusalem are waging a campaign of popular resistance against Israeli land confiscation. Dubai's finances Debt forgetfulness  The bailedout emirate insists that it is bouncing back. Julian Assange Threatens To Name Arab Leaders With CIA Ties When I hear someone say that soldiers defend our freedom, my immediate response is to gag. But I can think of one exception. If theres a soldier anywhere in the world whos fought and suffered for my freedom, its Pfc. Bradley Manning An area of Australia larger than France and Germany combined is currently underwater in the worst flooding in recorded history. 200,000 people are currently cut off with water levels still rising. More links in comments. 'Dancing Boy' Scandal Taints Both Americans and Afghans  To win over Afghan locals, American contractor DynCorp bankrolled acha bazi' parties  the culturally accepted practice of pedophilia by men against boys. The Bradley Manning soldiers defend our freedom article was plagiarised from this Independent story. I thought it was great, but you should read about the other underappreciated heroes of 2010, too. India Highprofile human rights activist gets life for treason, exposing cracks in justice system Gunmen have kidnapped a 28yearold woman who was the last police officer in the town of Guadalupe, Mexico. About 10 unidentified gunmen set fire to the home of Erika Gandara and torched both cars parked outside for good measure before abducting her... Unexpected events largely ignored in Western media In Tunisia, unthinkable public unrest saw thousands demonstrate against the regime of President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali(!) Palestine to open embassy in Brazil  President Mahmoud Abbas lays cornerstone in Brasilia on land for the Palestinians' first embassy in western hemisphere. Survey 53% of JewishIsraelis oppose full equalrights for IsraeliArabs  A strike is taking place across Pakistan to protest against possible changes to the blasphemy laws, which carry mandatory death sentence for anyone who insults Islam.  China makes Skype illegal A thousand people took to the streets of Buenos Aires to celebrate a year of marijuana activism and call for the right to grow their own plants Wikileaks The chief of the Revolutionary Guard angrily slapped Iranian President Ahmadinejad in early 2010, as Tehran was still dealing with the fallout from last year's election! Lebanon is staring into the abyss  
Whatever the tribunal into the death of Rafik Hariri decides, it will pour petrol on Lebanon's raging fire War Nerd Market Lessons from the Pashtun  If all these neocons who worship the Ancient Greeks really want to know what their precious Greeks were like, they should go live in a Pashtun village. Macedonia Faiths Unite Against Gay Marriage  Leaders of five main religious communities demand constitutional changes to rule out samesex marriage and gay adoption. Estonia adopts the euro tomorrow, amidst fear from much of the public. Homeless man who squatted in apartment to avoid arctic weather conditions over Christmas then left it as he found it is jailed... Cuba cuts subsidy for toiletries  President Raul Castro says monthly ration book will also be slashed to overhaul economy and prevent financial crisis.
 A Litany Of Wikileaks Evidence That US Behaves Like Rogue State And The Spanish Case Against American War Criminals Is Alive And Well. 200,000 Austalian citizens have been affected flood waters. In Northeastern Australia military aircraft dropped supplies to towns cut off by floods. 200,000 people have been affected by waters covering an area larger than Texas and Montana combined. South African poultry industry accused of racism for taking outofdate frozen chicken returned to suppliers , washing them in chlorine , injecting them with flavoring  , repackaging them with new expiry date and selling them to smaller family run businesses EFF's 2010 Trend Watch Update on Global Internet Censorship Wikileaks has been subject to an astonishing amount of informal government pressure, which convinced a string of Internet hosting companies to drop the site. These are troubling developments. The Lucrative Business of Polluting  The Kyoto Protocols allows companies to continue polluting at home by assisting in emissions reductions abroad. If its critics are right, however, the system is being massively abused and actually discourages reductions that might otherwise be made. Wikileaks cable reveals U.S. conspired to retaliate against European nations if they resisted GMOs

 Latin American countries recognize the Palestinian state China's first known stealth aircraft just emerged from a secret development program and was undergoing highspeed taxi tests late last week at Chengdu Aircraft Design Institute's airfield. Said to be designated J20, it is larger than most observers expectedpointing to long range . . . loads. 2011 arrives around the world.  The Big Picture WikiLeaks hackers say Zim websites shut down  Cyber activists say they have brought down Zimbabwean government websites after the president's wife sued a newspaper for publishing a WikiLeaks cable linking her with illicit diamond trading. Bomb hits Egypt church at New Year's Mass, 7 dead
 YouTube Legally Considered a TV Station In Italy  Silvio Berlusconi mad at Google  obligation to publish corrections within 48 hours  obligation not to broadcast content inappropriate for children  AND legally responsible of all published content AP Interview Abbas says recognitions hit Israel  These recognitions of a Palestinian state [by Brazil, Argentina and Ecuador] will help us to convince the Israelis on the necessity to reach a twostate solution, said Abbas. Former Marxist guerrilla sworn in as president of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is Brazil's first female president The resentencing of Russia's No.1 dissident, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, wasn't unexpected, but the sheer brazenness of it is a striking and dangerous sign of bad things to come. German exports are tipped to reach a record high in 2011, with the country's main trade association forecasting sales abroad should crash through the 1 trillion barrier for the first time. Deadly blast outside Egypt church  
 
At least 21 people are killed in an attack on a Christian church in the northern Egyptian city of Alexandria. Halfnaked female inmate hanged from north Mexico overpass The Top 14 Astronomy Pictures of 2010 out of thousands of incredible images of the sky are taken from worldwide observatories on the ground and in space, from spacecraft, and from amateur astronomers. Protests rallies prevent changes to Pakistan's blasphemy law Stops bill seeking to eliminate the death penalty, criminalize incitement, and penalize false accusations Expats' 'Daily Show'style VOA program enthralls Iranians, irks their government Dilma Rousseff, first woman to be president in Brazil takes power Explosions hit two Egyptian Orthodox Churches Ivory Coast president refuses phone call from Barack Obama Ivory Coast is on the brink of genocide End human rights imperialism now | guardian.co.uk  Humanrights organisations wrong to demand all governments pursue liberal western values.  Japan population shrinks by record in 2010

Deaths in Japan swell to new high in 2010 as population shrinks for fourth straight year

 Estonians began using euro bills and coins on January 1. Many in the small Baltic country have seen currencies come and go over the past decades and have mixed feelings about yet another currency change.
  This Year, Change Your Mind  
Make a newyear resolution to stay mentally fit. Learn a language. Take up beekeeping. Anything to keep your mind active, engaged, flexible and playful. Brain has amazing capacity to grow and adapt, even late in life.   The Guardian Egypt bomb kills new year churchgoers | World news | guardian.co.uk Eightyearold dies after being boiled alive
 German Interior Minister WikiLeaks is irritating and annoying for Germany, but not a threat. . . . One might also ask, however, if a government is acting intelligently when it organizes its entire diplomatic correspondence on a network that can be accessed by 2.5 million people. Her father killed the boy and four of his brothers, and when he discovered that his own mother had helped her granddaughter, he killed his mother too. The harsh reality of Afghan women. An anonymous group of Palestinian students has created a document to express their frustration born of Hamas's violent crackdowns on 'western decadence', the destruction wreaked by Israel's attacks and the political games played by Fatah and the UN The Guardian's New Year resolutions Visa, Mastercard Grow a pair. Stop boycotting WikiLeaks. You're happy to process payments for dubious topshelf soft porn publishers. So why have you stopped handling donations for Julian Assange's iconoclastic organisation? The diplomatic telegrams that WikiLeaks published shows that the U.S. considers the entire world to be its security zone. Chinese police's flight to congo to rescue 11 chinese women trafficked there backfires after all the women unanimously agree its better to live and earn there, then in china . Small town of Zug, Switzerland is the headquarters of over 29,000 global companies (nearly 1 for every person in town). These headquarters exist as nothing more than postoffice boxes in the town center... 'Israel Navy chasing Gazabound Asia 1'  Two warships with Israel's Navy are reportedly chasing a vessel from Asia 1, an Asiasourced Gazabound aid ship in international waters A European antiIslam movement grows Paris conference brings together speakers from across Europe to rail against the dangers of Islamization Britain's antiterror control orders condemned as 'trademark of despots'  
Human rights groups across the world attack one of the 'most serious violations' of natural justice in developed democracies Wikileaks Mexico unable to control 'lawlessorder with Guatemala  Afghan security guard high on hash and opium manning security post shoots at ducks... unfortunately ducks turn out to be a group of marines killing one of them. Ten Russian ships, 600 crew trapped in sea ice Warning Of Genocide In Ivory Coast Ciudad Juarez residents flee Mexico's 'dying city' 1000 indian farmers to travel to cuba to understand the disadvantages of using chemical fertilizers... Spanish revellers stub out cigarettes as new law takes force IDF chief I am preparing the Israeli army for a large scale war, since it is easier to scale down to a smaller operation than to do the opposite. PA official Chile, Uruguay to recognize Palestinian state Palestine Brazil to Host First Palestinian Embassy in Western Hemisphere  International News  AllMediaNY Germans more hostile to Muslims than other Western Europeans Israeli fighter jets strike Gaza Strip  Israeli warplanes have pounded positions in the central and northern Gaza Strip, leaving at least two people injured Iran says shot down two western drone reconnaissance aircraft in Gulf Classified maps show security in Afghanistan is worsening, despite Obama's assurances the war is 'on track' RussiaChina oil pipeline opens