 Hey reddit, just a reminder as of this weekend, Iran has now imprisoned three hikers for a year to use as international political bargaining chips. It's unjust, and no one seems to care anymore. I don't really know how to help them, but here's their story. ISRAEL will expel 400 nativeborn children of nonJewish foreign workers to help safeguard the country's Jewish identity. Germanys constitutional court in Karlsruhe ruled on Tuesday that the law denying unwed fathers custody rights to their children without the mothers permission is unconstitutional, opening the way for automatic dual custody. Israel, Lebanon forces exchange fire on border South Africa's former police commissioner, the former head of interpol, has been sentenced to 15 years imprisonment. Christopher Hitchens I know Hugo Chavez and, yes, hes truly insane	 Mexico's Drug Cartels Use Force To Silence Media Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Although music is halal, promoting and teaching it is not compatible with the highest values of the sacred regime of the Islamic Republic. Mongolian neoNazis AntiChinese sentiment fuels rise of ultranationalism  Alarm sounds over rise of extreme groups such as Tsagaan Khass who respect Hitler and reject foreign influence
 Mexican government allows marriage between gay couples in Mexico City, and they are about to allow adoption to them! Iran says the Brazilian president did not have enough information when he offered refuge to an Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning. Wheat prices have doubled over the last two months. Experts predict that bread prices may skyrocket as a result causing another food crisis. Jordan Proof that rockets fired from Egypt  IsraelLebanon troops exchange fire. It's Time for Germany to Change Its Immigration Laws Russian rapper jailed for insulting police  Forget it, swallow it, be silent How does stoning work in Iran?  By Christopher Beam  Slate Magazine Germany gave hit list to secret US unit British city wants to buy all its councilors an iPad, claiming it will save around 90,000.  Here's the kicker.  The council plans to axe 1,000 jobs if it can't find 100mil to slash by 2015. Hamas denies any involvement with the rocket attacks that struck near Eilat, the Red Sea, and Jordan Monday, killing a Jordanian and wounding three more at the Intercontinental Hotel in Aqaba Geert Wilders, whose antiimmigration party doubled its vote in June's elections, is set to play a key role in the new government. His party is to join the Netherland's first minority coalition since World War II. In a bid to increase revenues, the Greek authorities are employing all kinds of clever tricks to crack down on tax cheats, including using Google Earth to find undeclared swimming pools. But efforts by the government to liberalize markets could unleash a wave of civil unrest. Price for a potential Israeli strike on Iran? A Palestinian state.  Clash of civilizations in the classroom  German pupils in the minority [Documentary] Bubonic plague breaks out in Peru.  1 dead, 31 infected.  28,000 deaths caused by the war on drugs in Mexico. Finally, president Felipe Calderon agrees to discuss about drug legalization. Israeli troops south of border when Lebanon fired, U.N. says A photographer captures the tragic death of a firefighter in a oil spill in China over 47 photos. TV cameras capture the distressing moment a 5yrold Palestinian boy sees his father arrested for stealing water One fine June day, the author is launching his bestselling memoir, Hitch22. The next, hes throwing up backstage at The Daily Show,  in a brief bout of denial, before entering the unfamiliar countrywith its egalitarian spirit, martial metaphors, and hard bargains of people who have cancer. Peru suffers deadly outbreak of bubonic and pneumonic plague  Oldest university on earth is reborn after 800 years  New Evidence About Prisoners Held in Secret CIA Prisons in Poland and Romania Iran denies grenade attack on Ahmadinejad Pakisan flooding in photos. (photo essay) Sudan sentences 19 young Muslim men to 30 lashes and a fine for breaking moral codes by wearing women's clothes and makeup Israeli rabbis are set to ban the burka for a small group of radical Jewish women who have taken to wearing it. Lebanon We fired first at IDF unit near Israel border Six of South Africa's 13 traditional monarchies will no longer be recognized. Iran claims to have S300 surfacetoair missiles
 A 26yearold man is arrested in China following a knife attack at a school in which at least three children were killed.  DR Congo frees 11,506 children from mines Israeli troops on own side in Lebanon clash, UN says Berlusconi's Nemesis Will Silvio Berlusconi's former ally be the one to end his reign? Germany Looks to Tighten Up Public Drinking Rules It's official Saudi Arabia bans BlackBerries Israel continues uprooting trees on Lebanon border after fatal clash BP says 'static kill' to stop oil leak was successful BBC News  Danish politics rocked over Kinnock tax status Kenya votes on new constitution amid high security
 A South African journalist who wrote an expose on the new chief of police has been arrested and is being held by the police even though a prosecutor has refused to press charges. Detention without trial! Police filmed dragging women and babies during protest The trash is two feet deep, so compacted you can walk on it, and is blocking the world's biggest power plant of any kind 
Children found starving in rural Australia Mexico Cartels Move Beyond Drugs, Seek Domination/ Control of The Government Archives Show That Churchill Ordered a UFO CoverUp A British woman was arrested and charged with indecency after walking through a Dubai shopping mall wearing a bikini Russia bans exports of grain British Gas customer wins 2,000 payment for 'wasted time' When running a plane accident drill at an airport  don't forget to tell the airport it is just a test. SKorea begins naval drills despite NKorean warning
 New Gaza aid flotilla that will carry lawmakers, musicians, artists and sports stars from around world Indonesian military slaughter Papuan activist. Footage circulates web An Iranian website calling the Holocaust the great lie and depicting an alternative version of events in Jewish history in cartoon form has been launched Chinese missile could shift Pacific power balance Two drunk teenagers rescued from mountain, consonants An indepth look at the Genevabased bank director who blew the whistle on UBS tax evasion.  Cubas Ral Castro unveils plan for massive job cuts. President Ral Castro Sunday outlined plans that could eliminate the jobs of over one million Cuban state workers, while promoting the growth of private enterprise in the countrys service sector. Vladimir Putin bans grain exports as drought and wildfires ravage crops. More than a third of cultivable land in Russia destroyed UFO sightings were taken so seriously in the 1950s that incidents were discussed at the highest level by Britain's senior intelligence chiefs Oilfouled Gulf still has a long recovery ahead. Even after stuffing the blownout Gulf of Mexico well with enough mud to pack down the oil, federal officials weren't ready to declare victory over the stubborn spill yet.  CHINA Sichuan, thousands hold police station under seige for hours Naomi Campbell, the model, admitted that she was given dirty rocks by the former Liberian ruler Charles Taylor as she gives evidence at his war crimes trial Three senior officials in the region  from the UN, the Israeli government and Hamas  asked what they considered to be the top five humanitarian needs of the 1.5 million Palestinians living in the Strip. Israel's response There is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza and there never has been Iranian exdiplomat in Norway alleged attack on Ahmadinejad was a PR stunt Pentagon demands return of the 90,000 documents from Wikileaks.  Methinks the pentagon doesn't understand how the internet works. Calling Gaza a prison camp is an understatement 'The Kremlin's Central Control Is the Real Disaster'  Moscow is engulfed in smog, 500 fires are still blazing across Russia and the deadly wildfires could pose a nuclear threat. The German press on Friday says the overcentralization of power is partly to blame for the disaster. For the first time since the dark days of the Taliban, 29 women have been recruited to serve in the Afghan army  NORTH KOREA About 23 Christians arrested, 3 executed Video British troops in Afghanistan 'We try to help them ... but it just seems pointless' Sean Penn has questioned the motives of Wyclef Jean's bid for the Haitian presidency and criticised his obscene demonstration of wealth.  Wyclef Jean Officially Running For President Of Haiti After Filing Papers Kenyans vote 'yes' for birth of a second republic Chinese poor locked up at night Hiroshima 65 years later US attends ceremony, but offers no apology Its good theyve come, but why has it taken 65 years? The Internet Generation Prefers the Real World. 
They may have been dubbed the Internet generation, but young people are more interested in their realworld friends than Facebook. New research shows that the majority of children and teenagers are not the Websavvy digital natives of legend. UAE confirms oil tanker attack Australians about to revolt  Riots in the streets... ) [AHRC Open Letter] MYANMAR Request to intervene on complaint of severe torture by police The number of fires in Russia grow, death toll reaches 50 Vietnam Writers Honored for Commitment to Free Speech 40 US billionaires pledge half of wealth to charity Pakistan's Great Flood A photo essay of worst disaster in country's history Activists clash with Taiwan police over China envoy A bomb explosion at Zamboanga airport in the southern Philippines has killed two people and injured 24. BBC News  North Korea hit by severe flooding as a result of ongoing torrential rain. Disease and regret weigh on atomicbomb survivors Leh flash floods 100 killed, over 350 injured. Mexico Calderon considers debate on legalizing drugs after 28,000 people have been killed in drug violence since he launched a crackdown against cartels in 2006 Al Jazeera Video Chinese poor locked up at night France starts removing Roma camps Taliban kills 10 in Afghanistan. The dead include six Americans who were part of a medical team. The Taliban claims the workers were spies and preachers of Christianity. Little Britain How the rest of the world sees us Vote No On Wyclef Jean Why the Former Fugee's Run For the Haitian Presidency Is Totally Misguided Enola Gay navigator has 'no regrets'
 France Sarkozy's Gypsy crackdown begins Russian heatwave kills 5,000 as fires rage out of control  Style Notes | Editor's memo. We wrote that 'too many bomb disposal experts' had died in Afghanistan, which prompted a reader to ask what an acceptable number would have been
 Wikileaks attack data by year and type, projected onto regional map of Afghanistan In Cairo, An End To The Cacophony Of Calls To Prayer  NPR The Pink Floyd rock music classic Another Brick in the Wall has been transformed by a Canadian band, with permission, to reflect dissent young Iranians have for their government.  BREAKING  Colombia confirms that their government has filed a case against Venezuelan president Hugo Chavez to the ICC, and against the Venezuelan state to the IACHR [Translation from Spanish] AmericanPalestinian Yale Professor threatened by Israeli Military Tribunal for videotaping and posting protests on Youtube  Blair must be arrested Residents flee as acrid smog blankets Moscow Foxconn, the Chinese maker of Apple's iPhone, faces fresh suicide fears as 14th worker dies Taliban Kill 10 on Aid Trip in Afghanistan South Africa loses its War on Poverty King Abdullah May Have Just Dodged Overthrow From Family Coup Uribe's appointment to flotilla probe guarantees its failure
The commission is composed of four persons, one chosen by Turkey, one chosen by Israel and two chosen from a list provided by Israel. 'Imam Idol' A Reality Show's Search for a Muslim Role Model 'Kashmir burns again as India responds to dissent with violence  The hospitals are filling up with gunshot victims but angry protesters say the world is blind to their plight.' 'If attacked, Iran will annihilate US'  You've been warned.. (also spiffy hat) Russia digs trenches to secure Nsites Roald Dahl's darkest hour  Finalist dies at World Sauna event in Finland!! This video is creating a large controversy in France right now.  Look for the part starting at the twominute mark. President Karzai Calls for Ban on Private Security Companies in Afghanistan.  Pope acts against incest priest's group. The Legionaries of Christ, the Roman Catholic group that combines an estimated 21bn fortune with intense moral turpitude and extreme conservatism, is facing its nemesis this month. Iran set to execute 18yearold on false charge of sodomy on the basis of judge's knowledge, a legal loophole that allows for subjective judicial rulings where there is no conclusive evidence
 The groom unleashed a volley of rapid aerial shots with an AK47 rifle to celebrate his nuptials, but quickly lost control of the weapon and accidentally raked the guests with bullets Lawyer in Iran stoning case asks for asylum in Norway (the guy escaped to Turkey on horseback  what a ninja) North Korea seizes South Korean fishing boat. WikiLeaks Lack of Swedish publishing license means it does not enjoy constitutional source protection, experts say Taliban issues press release to counter TIME magazine's cover photo of mutilated girl. Detained Belarusian Investigator of KGB Corruption Hospitalized  at KGB Hospital Mexican federal police protest in Juarez, accuse commanders of corruption Iran will offer full support to Lebanon and Syria in the event of an Israeli attack, said Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki  Kickass Helicopter Pilot in Pakistan 'If attacked, Iran will annihilate US' Russian troops dug a fivemile canal to protect nuclear arms site from wildfires caused by record heatwave Taliban response to TIME magazine cover of girl with her nose cut off Massive ice island breaks off Greenland. A piece of ice four times the size of Manhattan island has broken away from an ice shelf in Greenland, according to scientists in the U.S. Cuba has told onefifth of its government workers that communism hasn't worked out for them and they'll have to find jobs in the private sector.
 Video of forced eviction in Paris suburb prompts shock reactions from French politicians as well as advocates for immigrants and housing rights Speed camera switchoff sees fewer accidents Green MP Caroline Lucas has joined the campaign to force US tycoon Donald Trump to change his plans to build a luxury golf course on the Aberdeenshire coast. NKorea seizes SKorean fishing boat amid tension 127 killed as mudslides devastate China town  More than 800 Russian wildfires have been reported since they first ignited nearly a week ago. The wildfires, a result of the country's worst heat wave in recorded history, have claimed 52 lives thus far and left more than 3,000 people homeless (w/pics) Japan became rich as America's compliant vassal state. Now Japan's efforts to move on are being thwarted by the US. Interview with Eric Morgolis US media ignoring explosive testimony in UK.  MI5 told Blair that Iraq was no threat.  US intelligence created stories in the middle east about Iraq and when they were reported, used it to garner support. Milk powder + Hormones + Girl Children developing breasts, = CHINA once again... (companies name is Synutra) + product still being sold... Israel releases Mordechai Vanunu after three months in prison Iran Sentences Baha'i Leaders to 20 Years in Prison U.S. Supersizes Afghan MegaBase as Withdrawal Date Looms  Moscow authorities have been forced to acknowledge that the heat and smoke of the last week have doubled the citys mortality rates Oil firm wins battle to identify chatroom users Switzerland is the small exception in a united  and ever bigger  Europe.  Landless and illiterate, drowned by debt, Mr. Bhuria and his ailing children have staggered into the hospital ward after falling through Indias social safety net.  His daughter, Nani, is 4 and weighs 20 pounds. His son, Jogdiya, is 2 and weighs only eight. South Korea uncovers explosive, flammable and corrosive automotive refrigerant from China U.N. to return to Somalia after 17 Years Iran To Execute 18YearOld Ebrahim Hamidi On False Charge Of Sodomy This Is How It Feels to Be Under a Nuclear Attack (NSFW) Netanyahu Says Israel Wont Allow Panel to Question Soldiers The daily mortality rate in Moscow has doubled and morgues are overflowing amid an acrid smog caused by the worst heatwave in Russia's thousandyear history Admission by Admiral Mullen that the U.S. has plans to attack Iran to prevent that country from acquiring nuclear weapons, is being treated with the utmost seriousness in political, intelligence and military circles in Tehran. China's Warhol Gets Dirty I hate the Chinese propaganda machine so much 
Discovering Narrative The Value Of Ignorance  
Top journalist, author of Black Hawk Down, on learning the trade. You would be amazed at how much more a guy will tell you with a beer in his hand
 German police shut down the Hamburg mosque where the 9/11 hijackers met before their suicide attacks on the US in 2001 Germany's Justice Ministry says it is looking into the possibility of jailing an 88yearold man more than 60 years after his conviction for Nazi war crimes in the Netherlands Nofrills hotels arrive in the UK (it's even extra for a clean room) North Korea fires artillery off west coast. Nasrallah has implicated Israel for the murder of the former Lebanese PM  Among the material presented was what he described as Israeli reconaissance footage intercepted by Hezbollah of areas frequented by the former PM. So, drug consumption is the responsibility of the person who consumes; of the family who is responsible for educating; and of the education system and the socioeconomic context. What we have to do is legalize the production, the sale and the distribution.  Former Mexican president Vicente Fox US tank crew wanted for murder | The Spanish government wants a threeman US army tank crew to stand trial for the death of cameraman Jose Couso in Baghdad in 2003. Iran to get rid of its dollar and euro reserves in response to the latest U.N. sanctions over its contested nuclear program We consider these currencies dirty and won't sell oil in dollar and euro Man becomes only person to have ever trekked the 4000 mile length of Amazon river. Former Mexico president supports legalizing drugs to end violence.
 The Taliban publicly flogged and then executed a pregnant Afghan widow by firing three shots into her head for alleged adultery. I went to see what was up with Russia burning... and found out that the Congo is burning even worse...  Japan apologizes to SKorea for colonial rule 600,000 Workers Drop Dead Every Year From Overwork In Chinas Factories Well never know the names of all the people who paid with their limbs, their lungs or their lives for the goodies in my home and yours. Redditor posts graph showing the spread of combat in Afghanistan using WikiLeaks's war logs French interior minister calls for withdrawal of citizenship for the practice of polygamy or female genital mutilation Google offices raided by Korean police U.N. declares Pakistan floods the worst natural disaster ever Number of people suffering exceeds 13 million  more than the combined total of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the 2005 Kashmir earthquake and the 2010 Haiti earthquake. A group of humanrights organizations is pressing WikiLeaks to do a better job of redacting names from thousands of war documents it is publishing Could jeopardize the safety of Afghans who aided the U.S. military. China zoos in arbaric' animal abuse report The district commander ordered his body guard to open fire on the afghan civilian. The body guard refused at which time the district commander shot him in front of the civilian The Geopolitics of Google Earth Governments are using the images to find tax cheats and illegal pot plantations Pakistan drowns in misery [pics] Afghanistan civilian deaths up 31% this year, says United Nations.  Report says child victims have risen by 55% as Taliban target more Afghans, while deaths caused by foreign troops fall Israel threatens to quit UN probe into flotilla shooting The Price of an Afghan Life [graphic pic] Lebanon crisis feared as indictments near in assassination of Rafiq alHariri Silvio Berlusconi has easily survived a series of corruption and sex scandals. Now a revolt by a former ally could pose a serious threat to the Italian prime minister, who many feel is on his last legs politically. Berlusconi has the summer recess to plot his survival. Israeli police reraze Bedouin village They destroyed the village for the third time in two weeks Fast fashion is driving third world workers into starvation conditions  Germany's superrich have rejected an invitation by Bill Gates and Warren Buffett to join their 'Giving Pledge' to give away most of their fortune. The pledge has been criticized in Germany, with millionaires saying donations shouldn't replace duties that would be better carried out by the state. Putin puts out two wildfires in central Russia (!) US engineer sold military secrets to China, Including Stealth Technology A man, helped by Israeli and international activists, can be seen in the video trying to dismantle his own house before the bulldozers got to it  in order to save the materials from destruction  but was prevented from doing so by Israeli police. Reference Bedouin village razed for the third time. Swedish Pirate Party Cartoons are not child porn Man grows pea plant inside lung Chinese general says China must embrace democratic reform. FIFA investigate North Korea punishment claims New 'superbug' hits UK hospitals North Korea offers to pay off Czech debt with ginseng China Bans Reporting on Deadly Mudslide Delhi Govt takes away $1.5 billion from wages, pension, metro development funds to pay for Commonwealth Games 2010 Britain and Iceland go to war over the mackerel Australia appears before a UN panel, accused of human rights violations against Aboriginal people and asylum seekers Russia deploys S300 air defense system in Abkhazia Iran offers to support Lebanese army if U.S. withholds military aid Spain's electric car sales off target just 16 have been sold. Human trafficking racket busted in India for selling over 200 children in West Asia, including Saudi Arabia In Ukraine we got cows exploding Interview with Architect Albert Speer 'Calamity of Postwar Construction Came from Rejecting History' Colombia and Venezuela to restore diplomatic ties after 4 hour meeting in Santa Marta between Chvez and Santos. Thailand Freedom of speech is a severe danger to the ruling class Hold onto your hats. A new version of the Zeus trojan, called Zeus3, has wreaked havoc on thousands of bank accounts worldwide, stealing just over $1 million. The best part? Theres pretty much no way to detect the trojan if its on your system. Hooray for humanity, right? Mutant superbug threatens to spread worldwide IDF troops beat up Haaretz reporter Big surprise Pope decides priests who protect pedophiles should keep their jobs. Yakuza 3 reviewed by Yakuza  Crime reporter invites three Japanese gangsters to rate new Yakuza videogame. I like that you can grab ashtrays or billboards and beat the crap out of the punks bothering you 
TopEarning Sportsman Of All Time  
And it's not Tiger Woods. A Lusitanian Spaniard named Gaius Appuleius Diocles earned the equivalent of $15bn in the course of a 24year career as chariotracer in ancient Rome
 Russia In a new twist to the situation, officials have confirmed that some forests that were contaminated with radiation from the Chernobyl nuclear disaster have now burned (w/pics from Boston Big Picture) Ecuador hit by 6.9magnitude earthquake The deadly fires have exposed a key problem in today's Russia No one knows what's going on. How a Nigerian criminal created an empire, cost Shell $30 Billion and changed the game of insurgency worldwide Car bombers again stalk Belfast as a new breed of antiBritish republicans is acting to reignite tensions in Northern Ireland Rare 2,200yearold gold coin found in Israel Almost half [China's] doctors have no better than a high school degree... Many village doctors did not make it past junior high school. Vietnam to observe 2nd annual Agent Orange Day Shocking Images of Dead Kurdish Fighters Turkey Accused of Using Chemical Weapons against PKK Doctors brace for more cases as Indian superbug hits Canada China's air defense system will be impregnable to regional air forces, and mostly impregnable to US naval air power. The only US Air Force B2A Spirit and F22 Raptor aircraft will be capable of penetrating a post2015 PLA air defense network. Chinese Hospitals Are Battlegrounds of Discontent Kim Jongil cleans house  The Globe and Mail What Happens If (When) Israel Bombs Iran Israeli terrorist suspected of Palestinian killings 'freed'  Sanctions helping Tehran, says top dissident  With Washington determined to stick to its timetable for a pullout, an Iraqi general has called into question whether his troops are ready to defend Iraq against a stubborn insurgency and external threats. Do not be alarmed if South Africans announce that they were held up by robots. Moscow 'hiding heatstroke cases' after death rate jumps India rejects UK scientists' 'superbug' claim Is this just another game by the medical tourism industry? Colombia  Car bomb explodes in Bogot in front of private radio station, injuring nine. Lord's Resistance Army rebel group is abducting civilians in central Africa and forcing them to join Experts call for inquest into the death of David Kelly, the British scientist who was found dead after casting doubt on the government's claim that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction U.S. marijuana legalization could cause a recession in Canada, where pot is the most profitable agricultural product Al Jazeera investigates fraud and corruption in US pharmaceutical industry A serving officer in the United States Army is removed from the Omar Khadr's jury after informing the court of his belief that the Americanrun prison camps in Guantnamo Bay ought to be shut down.  Record speeding fine of 650,000 ($1 011 920,  789,163 ) given to motorist in Switzerland, the penalty calculated on basis of his income and speed of 300kph (186mph). More than 150 Irish artists have announced that they will not perform or exhibit in Israel, or accept any funding from any institutions connected to the Israeli government What does a JewishIsraeli man have do to with refurbishing a mosque? The answer is simple I'm sick and tired of the hatred. Bollywood Superstar Aamir Khan Shines the Spotlight on What's Caused an Estimated 150,000 Farmer Suicides in India Iran to gain nuclear power as Russia loads fuel into Bushehr reactor. After years of delay, uraniumpacked fuel rods for 1,000megawatt plant will be installed next week Phytoplankton bloom off east coast the size of Newfoundland, visible from space CIA evidence of an Israeli nuclear test
 A war on drugs? No, this is a war on the Mexican people Henry Kissinger believes that containing Iran will depend on showing its leaders that we're willing to go to war. I mean, it worked so well with Iraq, right? UN Wartime rape no more inevitable, acceptable than mass murder  New findings suggest that stone tools may have been used up to 3.4 million years ago. Poland Fresh evidence regarding CIA rendition flights Strong 7.2 Quake hits the Mariana Islands Region near Guam. Romania says it will stand by Israel in event of conflict with Iran PostUSSR Russian Orthodox revival leads to discrimination, bigotry.  Major employer threatens to fire any woman having abortion, any couple not married in Russian Orthodox church by October. Russia Says It Will Begin Fueling Iran Nuclear Plant Pakistan flooding Aid officials note the absence of substantial commitments from the Gulf states China's government is investigating reports that a brand of powdered milk caused infant girls to grow breasts.  I return to my country because of the racism in France (Via Google Translate) Arab students We're being kept out of TAU dorms because we didn't serve in IDF Iran is not going to stone to death adulterous woman. They are going to hang her. 60000 names and passport numbers sold on the black market by official FIFA ticket agency  A vast expansion of a program paying to keep [Germany's] workers employed, rather than dealing with them once they lost their jobs, was the most direct step taken in the heat of the crisis. Obama backs mosque near ground zero Germany to Phase Out Conscription  Germany is planning to effectively eliminate conscription, a newspaper reported Aug. 13, as part of a major costcutting drive that will see troop numbers slashed and military priorities reassessed. WikiLeaks says it won't be threatened by Pentagon
 Roughly half of Niger's population7.3 million personsare in desperate need of food India finally offers flood aid to Pakistan after affling' delay Talk of War Crimes as Polish Troops Blow Up Afghan Home for Fun Canada offers another $31million in aid to Pakistan   21 Faces of The Pakistan Flood Experts call for full inquest into death of government weapons inspector David Kelly involved in Iraq weapons evaluation, dismissing the conclusion of the inquiry by Lord Hutton as unsatisfactory. Northern Ireland  Children hurt in Lurgan explosion intended for police Turkish officials deny Der Spiegel's claim on use of chemical weapons   srael's foreign diplomats have refused to work with Mossad spies anywhere in the world after agents effectively broke a strike picket line Landslides strike Zhouqu County, China  The Big Picture  U.S. soldiers demoralized by fight in Afghanistan North Korea Rattles Sabers for an Heir  NYTimes.com PKK announces ceasefire in Turkey
 20 million now homeless from Pakistan floods Afghan Government to Build 1680km Gas Pipeline Hong Kong baseball athlete hit by stray bullet in Venezuela during game. Ecuador finds narcosub shipyard Russian anger at wildfire fiasco stirs echoes of 'Kursk' submarine tragedy More than one million people 'take out payday loans' in the UK... Young woman beaten, raped and murdered by son of IRGC commander in Iran  South Korean president proposes plan to reunite with North Korea WikiLeaks to apply for Swedish licence in order to guarantee that the website is covered by Swedish whistleblower protection laws.  Afghanistan finds 1.8 billion barrel oilfield 
Afghanistan says it has discovered an oilfield with 
an estimated 1.8 billion barrels in the north of the 
warravaged country. Mexico  Drug cartel blocks off 13 major roads in Monterrey, dragging drivers out of vehicles. Israel to purchase F35I fighters Rally held to bring back Jinnahs Pakistan, purge the country of religious extremism Julian Assange interview in Stockholm from Saturday Aug 14th Israel destroying oldest Muslim cemetery in East Jerusalem Police were called to a beach at Anzio south of Rome by a furious mother who said the way the attractive sunbather was rubbing lotion on her body had troubled her sons aged 14 and 12. U.N. chief Ban Kimoon Pakistan floods worse he has ever seen, urges faster foreign aid. Only a quarter of the $459 million aid needed for initial relief has arrived, contrasting with the $1 billion the US gave them in military aid last year. Russia bans grain exports.  Prices of bread (especially pita bread) expected to rise at least 20%. I will never forget the destruction and suffering I have witnessed today. 8 dead, 12 hurt at offroad race in Calif. desert Lebanon 'kills Fatah alIslam militant leader' N.Korea warns of 'severest punishment' over war games  The North's army and people will deal a merciless counterblow to the allies  Russia wildfires NASA satellite image shows over 360 'hot spots' 
France urged to repay Haiti billions paid for its independence 

Leading activists write to Nicolas Sarzoky urging president to repay more than 17bn to help earthquakehit country rebuild
 30 more Seals found with 'Corkscrew' wounds, any educated guesses Reddit about cause? Suspected Mossad agent lands in Israel after released in Germany Asia stops to remember end of World War II Peacekeepers abducted in Darfur
 Agricultural Bank of China raises $22.1 billion in world's largest public offering Cambodia seeks help to avoid 'armed conflict' in Thai border spat Goldberg's War Goldberg himself has never, as far as I can tell, acknowledged that he may have been mistaken in some of his earlier assessments, or questioned his own reporting.  Pawning spurs gold market NASA satellite view of the extent of the massive flooding in Pakistan (before vs. after) Superb Aljazeera documentary on the issues involved in any possible IsraeliIran War, the politics, the weapons, the likely routes of attack and the likelihood of wider escalation. Well worth your time. [VID] See if you find honest reporting of this in the US corporate mass media Arrests of Guatemalan Police Death Squads reveal connection to organized crime and CIA. Like Mr bin Laden, Mr Gingrich is apparently still relitigating the victories and defeats of religious wars fought in Europe and the Middle East centuries ago. He should rejoin the modern world, before he does real harm. British kickboxer picks fight with U.S. marine, gets humiliated in Muay Thai bar fight, follows marine to hotel and stabs him to death.  Egypt seizes explosives on ship coming from Israel Muslim countries ditch Pakistan in hour of need; US leading all relief efforts  Barack Obama personally warned Turkish Prime Minster Recep Tayyip Erodgan that the US will not sell weapons to Turkey if it does not change its position towards Israel Over 15,000 likely dead in Russian heat wave Female Israeli officer poses for Facebook in front of blindfolded Palestinian prisoners  The photos...show the uniformed officer smiling and posing next to bound and blindfolded Palestinian soldiers.  Journalist Exposes How Private Investigation Firm Hired by Chevron Tried to Recruit Her as a Spy to Undermine $27B Suit in Ecuadorian Amazon Russia Loss of 25 percent of Russian wheat crop worries international grain markets Storm over Israeli abuse photos    Middle East  Al Jazeera English Almost everywhere else in Europe, returning Jews found their homes had been broken into, and everything of value stolen. When the Danish Jews returned , they discovered that their homes, pets, gardens and personal belongings were cared for by their neighbors. French Thieves Use Their Breasts to Distract Victims  Afghan Couple Stoned to Death on Taliban Orders Upon Sharia Law Is Africa still being looted? World Bank dodges its own research North Korea vows 'merciless counterblow' to U.S. and South Korea. Israeli IDF solider poses next to abused prisoners, and post images on Facebook China Passes Japan to Become No. 2 Economy  NYTimes.com North Korea succession Kim Jong Il appoints Jang Song Taek caretaker for Kim Jong Eun Assange hired for Swedish tabloid Aftonbladet in hopes of gaining WikiLeaks journalistic protections President Barack Obama has warned the Turkish prime minister that Ankara's position on Israel and Iran could lessen its chances of obtaining US weapons Canadian Cities Declare War on Cars Iran Opposition Sanctions Helping Ahmadinejad    News from Antiwar.com  Two candidates from last years Iranian Presidential Election, Mehdi Karroubi and MirHossein Moussavi issued a joint letter today warning that the various sanctions against Iran are actually helping Ahmadinejad. Noam Chomsky The Real Reasons the U.S. Enables Israeli Crimes and Atrocities Parents complain that their kids are getting rashes and becoming ill from the school's WiFi, demand it be turned off Take that Sweden! Newsweek crowns Finland as the world's best country. Australia should become a republic when Queen Elizabeth II dies, Prime Minister Julia Gillard has said just days ahead of a general election. To the rest of the world, if you wanted to know how fucked up our Prime Minister is in Canada, the following article pretty much sums it up Harper gallery leaves MPs speechless  What's It Like To Be A Tourist in North Korea? Jewish 'Community leaders are battling to stop an exhibition of paintings by children from Gaza' Karzai's impossible decree A push to oust private security firms from Afghanistan puts fear of god into foreign forces Private security companies will have to end operations in Afghanistan in four months' time, President Hamid Karzai has ordered. Top UK doctor drug laws should be reconsidered with a view to decriminalising illicit drugs use Newsweek just announced the 100 best countries in the world. Are you surprised about their choices? Activists Urge France to Repay 'Independence Debt' to Haiti China overtakes japan as second largest economy This girl's father, Bassam, is an incredible man dedicated to nonviolence  Israel ruled responsible for death of Palestinian girl Pakistan Flood Photos A large suicide bombing strike hit Iraqi army recruits killing 41 and injuring at least 112 To find the arsenic that poisons millions in Bangladesh, trace a winding path from clouds to underground aquifers and back up the village well

 Israeli abuse pictures 'common'
 Brazilian TV and radio broadcasters are legally forbidden from making fun of candidates ahead of the nation's election. David Kelly forensic experts say Hutton inquiry scientifically sound. Doubts ascribed to 'partial knowledge', Blowbyblow account written in a tellall letter from prison by the primeaccused of a Train Sabotage in India Israeli in Facebook pictures says 'I did nothing wrong' Boy with no chin Doctors say nothing more can be done....surely not? Civil suit verdict Israeli border guards had either been negligent or disobeyed orders in fatally shooting Abir Aramin, a 10 yr old Palestinian girl, in the head with a rubber bullet, calling the incident totally unjustifiable.  Pentagon report China extending military reach WikiLeaks gets new host  Sweden's Pirate Party  The whistleblower website WikiLeaks will place several new servers with the Swedish Pirate Party, the group which campaigns for more freedom on the Internet said Tuesday. Role reversal Saudi comedy provokes anger among male population Wikipedia editing courses launched by Zionist groups Palestinian acheives the impossible bringing Israeli soldiers to justice for the shooting of his 10yr old daughter.  51 people killed in Juarez over weekend  El Paso Times Britain Call to reopen inquest into death of Dr. David Kelly. The call for a reopening of an inquest into the July 2003 death of Ministry of Defence weapons expert Dr. David Kelly has been taken up by highranking establishment figures. North Koreans air force pilot crashes near border with China in an attempt to defect to Russia. Brazil bans satire ahead of Presidential election. [Not The Onion] Thailand blocking WikiLeaks, says official Mexican Drug War Strikes Again Mayor of The Affluent City, Monterrey, Kidnapped and Found Dead Muslim fear as Ramadan festival clashes with 9/11 anniversary A Dutch city seeks to end drug tourism as crime rates rise Moscow bans Vodka between 1000 pm and 1000 am Israel's settler movement is set to invade wikipedia, bent on giving it 'Zionist editing' What a coincidence The day before the September 11 attacks, the Bush administration agreed on a plan to oust the Taliban regime in Afghanistan by force if it refused to hand over Osama bin Laden, according to a report by a bipartisan commission of inquiry. People may one day have to change their names in order to escape their previous online activity, Google boss Eric Schmidt has warned. North Korean Plane Crashes in China Greece reassures Arab allies over Israel ties
 3 Reasons Israel won't bomb Iran Iran Bans More Newspapers And Publications Romania expels Russian diplomat
 Expert Lockerbie Bomber could live for years North Korea creates Twitter and YouTube presence New pictures emerge of Israeli troops posing with handcuffed Palestinian prisoners Israeli homophobia is ignored in the US 
Israel Nature and Parks Authority workers refused to let a gay couple with two children enter two sites over the weekend, claiming the family's membership was for straight couples only. 
A couple is a man and a woman, not a man and a man, Israel Places Order For 20 Joint Strike Fighters; U.S. Taxpayers Pick Up The Tab A huge trove of newly declassified documents subpoenaed during a 19621964 Senate investigation reveals how Israels lobby pitched, promoted, and paid to have content placed in Americas top news magazines with overseas funding North Korea Pyongyang on its knees  only potatoes to stave off famine Israel barring Gazans' access to farms, fishing zones, has leveled farmland and destroyed personal property situated in restricted areas in efforts to keep Palestinians out How would you feel if I roughed up your mom/dad/sister/brother, blindfolded and tied them, and then took a photo next to them in such a state while making a duck face and acting as if they were simply an irrelevant part of the background? Would it be perfectly ok for me to do that to your family? Two Israel soldiers suspected of flotilla theft media Iraq war was illegal repeats Clegg  Deputy PM Nick Clegg has restated his view that the Iraq War was illegal, saying I don't think the legality of that invasion has been proven. Scores die in Baghdad bombings.  I was soaked with blood from the body parts and wounded and dead people falling over and beside me. Philip K. Dick And Orwell Predictions Coming To Life Visualizing the Wikileaks War Logs  An Animated Map of Afghanistan  A Saudi judge has asked several hospitals in the country whether they could damage a man's spinal cord as punishment French aid group Help Doctors accuses Hamas of closing down health clinic and seizing medical equipment. Finland a country of extremes. Newsweek has proclaimed Finland the best country in the world. But some Finns disagree Gaza UN urges lifting of Israeli restrictions on access to land and sea
 Indian poor starve while grain rots in depots Indias governmentrun hospitals provide lowcost treatment to the poor, but there are increasing claims that patients are being used as guinea pigs in drug trials for western pharmaceuticals without their knowledge. Koreans want ACTA to include Internet morality language. What could possibly go wrong? Fewer than half of Americans think Netanyahu 
government wants peace Poll How Russia's FSB Colonized Abkhazia  If I werent a journalist and if writing was not an act of defiance, I know Id be throwing stones in the streets of Kashmir Brazil is booming and brimming with business opportunitieslike the US in the 1950saccording to billionaire businessman Sam Zell. He said if Brazil continues on the same course, he predicts that the fiscally conservative nation will soon be one of the top two countries in terms of growth.  Allwoman Lebanese aid ship to set sail for Gaza Sunday Outrage in Philippines over police torture video Pakistan flood homeless toll put at over 4 million 'North Korean jet' crashes in China  AsiaPacific  Al Jazeera English Saudi Hospitals Asked to Maim Man as Punishment A Saudi Arabian judge has asked several hospitals in the country whether they could damage a mans spinal cord as punishment Dutch Muslim Group Fined Over Cartoon Depicting Holocaust Denial BP says a lot of the oil is gone. Well, a 22milelong oily plume was found near the well site today. U.N. study says Israel is devastating Gaza Shifts in diet, reductions in the quantity of food consumed, poor sewage treatment and limited access to education Germany plans to legalize medical marijuana Palestinians learn about the Holocaust in Israel If we say that the Holocaust happened, then we accept that Israelis are human just like us, we do not want to consider Jews as humans because of all the suffering that we go through Pakistan's acceptance of a $5 million flood aid donation from India could be a confidencebuilding measure between the two long time enemies France begins Roma deportations 'They are trying to get rid of us all' Officer held for stealing, selling Gaza flotilla laptops Pakistan floods  Biggest emergency on the planet declared by UNICEF The British state will soon be spending more on management consultants than on upgrading its nuclear weapons In war there are no rules, says Israeli exsoldier  Showing no signs of remorse, Eden Abergil, the former IDF soldier who caused a worldwide stir by posting pictures of herself posing next to blindfolded Palestinian, has defended her action by saying in war there are no rules. U.S. Tells Israel That Iran's Nuclear Threat Is Not Imminent Israel and the Palestinians to resume direct talks Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few. The UK remembers the Brits, Poles, Chez, Canadians, New Zealanders, and numerous others who defended its skies during the Battle of Brittan.    Parents in Johannesburg renting children to beggars for $3/day. The female victims of Pakistan's flood  Women face starvation, disease and sexual assault. They're also not supposed to get aid from male relief workers  Wyclef Jean said to be out of Haiti presidential race  A huge electricity power cut has
plunged Russia's second city, St
Petersburg, into darkness. Thailand Will Extradite 'Merchant Of Death' To U.S. France Driving Out The Gypsies Mexican museum displays 'narco bling' weaponry confiscated from drug lords Two Films That Blew Bilderberg Wide Open Fidel Castros spotlight on the Bilderberg clique is part of a global awakening Afghans mark Independence Day with antioccupation protests 2010 marks the 20th anniversary of the Human Development Report. This year the report is set to change with input from Oxford to incorporate poverty in a new way... Arrest warrant and rape charges against Julian Assange dropped WikiLeaks founder Julien Assange accused of rape in Stockholm, wanted by Swedish police. Wikipedia Editing for Zionists Assange no longer wanted Wyclef Jean Barred from Haiti Election Australia heads for first hung parliament since 1940 Julian Assange accused of two cases of rape according to swedish newspaper Was Dr David Kelly, a British government expert in germ warfare, murdered in run up to Iraq war? Iran to supply Lebanon with antimissile system Iran hopes Russia's next step be delivery of S300 missiles system MP Iran to fire up first nuclear power station North Korea opens a Twitter account. South Korea blocks its citizens from accessing the content, threatening offenders with jail. It is reported in the media that relief operations for around 700,000 persons could not be carried out because an airbase in Jacobabad district, Sindh province, is controlled by the US forces. Chomsky For South African sanctions, against Israeli sanctions.  For Jewish right of return, against Palestinian right of return. I regard myself as a supporter of Israel. Hundreds of people protest over killing of civilian by NATO troops in Afghanistan Egyptian Police Recover Stolen Van Gogh Painting Valued at $50 Million Australia set to vote a 20 year old into parliament Smear campaign suspected in Assange arrest  Venice's first female gondolier, in its 900 years history. Moscow city governments plan to come up with a Code of the Muscovite to instruct immigrants how to behave Iran to start up first nuclear reactor Wikicong launch Net offensive Government urged to reveal 'true' national debt of 4.8 trillion, or 78,000 for every person in the UK.  Floodwaters threaten city of halfmillion in Pakistan After hearing that Fidel Castro regulary wrote a newspaper column I wanted to find it online. None of the MSM who quoted it of course provided the link so here's a direct link to the english version. Police have arrested the person who showed Electronic Voting Machines (EVM) can be tampered with in India in a sting operation Albino girl, 11, killed and beheaded in Swaziland for witchcraft 33 miners trapped underground in Chile for 17 days are all alive! Afghan President Karzai skirts diplomacy by directly asking U.S. citizens to pressure Congress to recall mercenaries Entering a Death Spiral? Tensions Rise in Greece as Austerity Measures
Backfire. The austerity measures that were supposed to fix Greece's problems are dragging down the country's economy. TEDTalks Julian Assange Why the World Needs WikiLeaks Iran Opens Its First Nuclear Power Plant Crises of Capitalism  Cool animated video Documents show Canada turned down NATO plea for more troops  Canada turned down a direct plea from NATO to sent more troops into southern Afghanistan in the runup to last year's Afghan presidential election, federal documents say. Severe Flooding Hits Northeast China    

More than 127,000 people were evacuated in northeastern China after torrential rains battered the area & led to severe flooding along the border with North Korea Women Being Warned and Targeted in Chechnya South Pacific sea levels  Best records show little or no rise?!  The Palestinian Authoritys decision to negotiate directly with Israel drew strong condemnation over the weekend from most of the Palestinian factions, whose leaders and spokesmen accused President Mahmoud Abbas of surrendering to American and Israeli pressure More than 5,000 evacuated as floods hit North Korea Task Force 373 a symptom of deeper policy disasters. Is the US really going to become known as a global Manhunters Inc?  The UN's former chief weapons inspector Hans Blix RussiaIran nuclear power plant 'positive' US Oil Companies lobbied Lockerbie Senator to protect Libya Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has inaugurated the country's first domesticallybuilt longrange unmanned bomber British Support for Afghan War Falls  According to Angus Reid only 33% of UK citizens support the war in Afghanistan while 57% oppose it. Support for the mission has fallen since June, when 38% of British respondents said they supported the effort. My Kushy New Job Wells Tower's Experience at a Marijuana Coffee Shop Big Issues GQ Young Afghan couple stoned to death Top 10 List of Green Brands Saudi Arabia urged not to deliberately paralyse man as retribution punishmentAmnesty International has urged the Saudi Arabian authorities not to deliberately paralyse a man in retribution for similar injuries he allegedly caused during a fight. WikiLeaks Lawyer Says Pentagon Given Access to Unpublished Secret Documents  Newsweek A Van Gogh painting worth $50 million has been stolen from a museum in Cairo CEO of Scandinavian megabank Let banks crash  Banks should not be treated differently than other firms Wikileaks founder says Australian intelligence warned him on August 11 to expect personal attacks. Four Israeli warplanes and one spy drone have illegally flown over Lebanon's airspace in the third day of provocative violations of the country's sovereignty. 33 trapped Chilean miners alive after 17 days  A few months before South Sudan's referendum, the North, to prevent local shortages, changes the oil revenue stream from US dollars to local currency violating the peace agreement and causing... no one's going to read this article, are they? Former cop takes tourist bus hostage in Philippines The Taliban was in secret peace talks with Afghan govt. until Pakistan arrested their peace envoy with CIA help Cannabis electric car being made in Canada  
The car's body will be made of an impactresistant composite material produced from mats of hemp, a plant from the cannabis family. Germany slapping RFID tags on its populace for the sake of brisker bureaucracy Human trafficking victims tell stories of modernday slavery Norwegian government divests from 2 firms that help build Israeli settlements. Whitesonly fund fights to stay white  A high court ruling which made an educational fund for poor white girls available to girls from all races was disputed in the Supreme Court of Appeal. Afghan President Hamid Karzai renewed his demand that private security firms in Afghanistan disband by years end, saying they are a source of corruption thats undermining support for the war against the Taliban insurgency. Japanese Mayor Defends Cove Dolphin Hunts Bodies hung from bridge in Cuernavaca, Mexico The driver of a bus seized by a heavily armed gunman in the Philippine capital says all remaining hostages inside the bus have been killed. Bloody end to bus hostage drama
 NZ raises legal age for buying alcohol French soldiers killed in Afghanistan  Two French soldiers were killed and three more have been wounded in fighting in Afghanistan, President Nicolas Sarkozy's office has said. Indonesian government sits idly by as Islamic Defender's Front, called thugs by most, runs amok with vigilante justice Report Water supplied in Gaza unfit for drinking; Israel prevents entry of materials needed to repair system Increased export of Norwegian arms  The value of Norwegian arms export has trebled over the last five years. The partly stateowned Kongsberg Group and Nammo alone have exported arms and ammunition worth NOK 12.5 billion since 2004. South Africa ANC government uses police, army and courts against strikers. Strikers at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital in Soweto and Helen Joseph hospital in Johannesburg were attacked by South African police using water cannon and rubber bullets last week. Wycleaf Jean disqualified from Haitian Presidential Election Trapped Chilean miners found alive after 17 days There's a traffic jam in China that's 60 miles long and has already been going on for 10 days. It could last for weeks The Facebook list threatened 69 people with death if they didn't leave town.  In the past ten days, three teenagers on that list have been murdered. The 72Hour Expert  If you spend 72 hours in a place youve never been, talking to people whose language you dont speak, and you come back as the worlds biggest knowitall, youre a reporter  Arabic to become compulsory in Israeli schools On the BeijingTibet Expressway, a traffic jam began on August 14th.  It hasn't ended yet, and is now over 100 kilometers long. Hong Kong has expressed angry
shock at the Philippines after
the deaths of eight of its
tourists in a bus hijack,
cancelling all travel to the
country. It's official OIL companies cannot be held accountable (protected by the UN) The police, the Catholic Church and the government conspired to cover up a priest's role in one of the worst atrocities of terrorism in Northern Ireland Troubles Illegal Israeli Settlers Raid Palestinian House, Terrorize the Family, Burn Crops in Tulkarem and Nablus
 Israel is not cooperating with the UN Human Rights Council's probe of May's deadly raid on a Gazabound aid flotilla, and it was unclear if investigators will be able to speak with Israeli soldiers involved Somali militants storm hotel, 31 reported dead  Germany plans major restructuring of military  reducing the armed forces from 250,000 to 163,000 Ten things the Philippines bus siege police got wrong Malaysian activists on Tuesday applauded a decision by Norway's state pension fund to blacklist timber firm Samling Global, which is accused of rampant environmental destruction in Borneo. Megacities  Over the next two decades, the world will see a burst of urban expansion at a speed and on a scale never before witnessed in human history. But not all the world will take part. When you hear about the coming urban age, it's really a story about rising Asia A 63cmwide rocket handbuilt by two selfemployed engineers will next week herald the unlikely arrival of a new breed of space pioneers  the Danonauts In porn, a story of Iraq's politics BBC News  Plane crash kills 42 in northeastern China India and ChinaA Himalayan rivalry  Asias two giants are still unsure what to make of each other. But as they grow, they are coming closerfor good and bad  Iran unveils two assault boats Ahmadinejad Israel is too weak to attack Iran's nuclear facilities  Israel is too weak to face up to Iran militarily, the Iranian president said, adding that Jerusalem did not have the courage to do it... and I do not think its threat is serious. BBC News  Manila police admit bungling deadly bus siege Shunning of scans jars antiabortion lobbyist According to the Jerusalem municipality education budget for 20089, an average of 2,372 shekels (400) was spent on each child in the Jewish elementary school system, compared with 577 shekels on each child in the Arab elementary system Inside story on WikiLeaks | Al Jazeera Criminalization of drug use is spreading HIV BBC News  Fort Carson soldiers' killing spree after Iraq combat Former Swedish chief prosecutor demands explanation for Assange arrest order Catholic priest behind 1972 IRA bombing was protected by church and government officials Wikileaks Releasing CIA Paper Today [CNN] Russia returns to Afghanistan to fight drug war and smuggling with U.S. approval Marines find 72 bodies in northern Mexico UK MI6 worker found murdered in London flat Pakistan is a failed state, not because of Zardari, and not because of America. The European Union's top diplomat has slammed Israel for convicting a Palestinian activist who leads protests against the West Bank separation barrier The biggest megalopolis youve never heard of hides in the fog Nearly 600 Israelis have signed up for a campaign of civil disobedience, vowing to risk jail to smuggle Palestinian women and children into Israel for a brief taste of life outside the occupied West Bank The Anarchic Republic of Pakistan | Deep state of military and intelligence officials, supported by US, is nourishing terrorism, ruining country. Civilians helpless, politicians corrupt. A creeping coup dtat by the forces of darkness  Finland Suspends Swine Flu Shots After Vaccine Linked With Neurological Disorder Finlands National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) has suspended the use of the H1N1 vaccine over fears that the shot is linked with narcolepsy. Iran Blogger May Face Charge of Waging War Against God British spy found murdered in London flat Hamas Exiled leader Meshaal deems Abbas too weak in upcoming talks (fatal blow to the Palestinian cause), urges Egypt and Jordan to boycott Avigdor Lieberman, told Israel Radio he realized that resuming settlement construction would antagonize both the U.S. and the Palestinians. But he said that maintaining tight restrictions on building would punish tens of thousands of people in the settlement Iran TestFires New Version of Fateh Missle To Add To Its Growing Arsenal  Hair Today, Prime Minister Tomorrow  Funny piece, serious point. Workingclass Turkish men have moustaches. Politicians must do same, to get votes. Opposition party doing much better after dumping cleanshaven leader for man with whiskers
 Devastating series of attacks across Iraq kill 55  Bolivian killing of Irish national allegedly linked to CIA. Mexican president says violence is progress in drug war Bodies of 72 People Found in Mass Grave in Northern 
Mexico After Shootout France in Afghanistan 'As Long As Necessary'  France will remain engaged in Afghanistan, with its allies, for as long as necessary and for as long as the Afghan people wish, said President Nicolas Sarkozy. An Arab democracy, with a Muslim Prime Minister and a Christian President, allowed the building of a synagogue, squarely in the center of their Ground Zero in the heart and pride of downtown Beirut Saudi couple hammer 24 nails into Sri Lankan maid
 No visa required Who has most freedom to travel?  CIA warns of violent American Jews  A CIA document released by Web site Wikileaks on Wednesay expresses concern that the US had become an exporter of terrorism, specifically mentioning American Jews in Israel. Mexico bleeding to death in the war on drugs German pop star escapes jail after failing to tell lovers she was HIV positive Brazil has revolutionised its own farms. Can it do the same for others? 900 abuse cases in Dutch clergy Kim Jongil makes surprise China visit Canadian court case won't just look at Mormon polygamists; Muslims under scrunity too Rare fire tornado filmed in Brazil Germany debates ending the draft.  When not at work, Vladimir Putin enjoys sushi, long walks on the beach, and pwning all manner of large mammals with a crossbow No Smoking Cuba drops cigarettes from ration book 9 tons of fake medicine seized in East Africa 2 Greek fighter jets collide in midair  France to drain lake under Mont Blanc glacier Protests in Chile to save Punta de Choros.
Coalfueled  thermoelectic powerplan threatens ecosystem. Letter from a trapped miner Swaziland Small country, big struggle In Pakistan, Taliban Hints It Will Attack Relief Workers Palestinians attack forces in Silwan   Venezuela More Deadly Than Iraq? South Africa COSATU calls `total shutdown', condemns state `scabbing', violence Hitler descended from Jews?
DNA tests of Hitler's relatives suggest link to North Africa, Jews. Vietnam Adopts George Washington's NonInterventionist Foreign Policy  Gen. Vinh reconfirmed the three pillars of Vietnams defense policy not joining in any military alliances or becoming a military ally of any country; not allowing any country to set up military bases in Vietnam... City of Toronto first in North America to formally endorses harm reduction on drug use Found BP's Missing Oil Westerners vs. the World  Western social science relies on behavioural studies using Western participants. But in matters such as fairness, individualism, conformism, Westerners are outliers by world standards  Israeli education ministry approves new 'whitesonly' settlement school. Decoding of wheat genome hailed as most significant breakthrough in wheat production in 10,000 years The clock has run out on Facebook to revamp its privacy rules to avoid a public showdown with Canada's privacy czar over how it protects personal information
 Newsweek asking the tough questions Is WikiLeaks Too Full of Itself? Israeli Actors Boycott Theater in an Illegal Settlement Iran issues fatwa against pets Many people in the West love their dogs more than their wives and children Flooding has displaced an additional 1 million people in Pakistan in the past 48 hours 17 million affected Way braver than me.  Video of the upbeat Chilean miners trapped deep underground for at least weeks, if not months. Passengers mistakingly told to prepare for a crash landing Australian commandos face likely charges over child deaths during capture or kill mission Police in Japan have arrested
the daughter and
granddaughter of a centenarian
believed to be Tokyo's oldest
man whose mummified
remains were found last month. Police in the central Indian state
of Madhya Pradesh say they are
investigating the disappearance
of several hundred tonnes of
explosives. U.K. think tank says foreign policy will cause domestic terrorism How Much Does It Cost To Run A Failed State? Burqa Bans, Halal Debate Are the French Taking Secularism Too Far? What say you? Denmark Turns Down Obama's Request for F16s  Denmark has turned down a NATO request to send F16 fighters to Afghanistan as it believes it has done enough for the international military mission there. Prosecutor in Mexico Massacre Feared Dead Spain Rethinks Afghanistan After Shooting George Mitchell, told Lebanese Army chief of staff Jean Kahwaji that Israel was ready to implement a plan to destroy within four hours all Lebanese military infrastructure, including army bases and offices Tornado hits Essex as forecasters give hope of sunshine for Bank Holiday weekend Fidel Castro Osama bin Laden a 'subordinate' of George W. Bush Archeologists Find Gateway to the Viking Empire  For a century, archeologists have been looking for a gate through a wall built by the Vikings in northern Europe. This summer, it was found.  Fidel Castro Osama Bin Laden Is A US Agent  CBSNews  The Taliban through their own eyes [video] Does Your Language Shape How You Think? You bet Russian subs stalk Trident in echo of Cold War.
A specially upgraded Akula stood off Faslane, where the British nuclear force is based, and waited for a Tridentcarrying boat to come out for its threemonth patrol to provide the Continuous At Sea Deterrent.  Amazing pictures of WWIera Britain in colour for the very first time  | Mail Online Fidel Castro Osama bin Laden Is a U.S. Agent  Fidel Castro says alQaida leader Osama bin Laden is a boughtandpaidfor CIA agent who always popped up when former President George W. Bush needed to scare the world.  Wired youth forget how to write in China and Japan Super Cars of Summer Parade in London Streets  NYTimes.com Antarctic cold snap kills millions of aquatic animals in the Amazon Good Idea Sarkozy... A budgetairline ticket from Bucharest to Paris costs just 60  and, as the Daily Mail has learned, many of those sent home have vowed to use the money given to them by the French government to fund their journey back. Swedish opposition party pledges to pull out Afghan troops  Sweden's opposition coalition will start bringing home troops in Afghanistan in early 2011  if it wins next month's election. Bono vs. Putin  A rumble in the Khimki forest leaves just one man standing. Foreign and Afghan troops killed 24 insurgents as they fought off predawn attacks on two bases in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, officials said, with the Taliban saying suicide bombers the fighters Bradford Smoke bombs thrown at English Defence League protest Lord's Resistance Army spreads reign of terror in South Sudan Italy pays its people to go on vacation Bahrain bans media from reporting on Shiite activists detained ahead of October elections Italian hotels shocked by Israeli behavior Lebanese ruling party Disarm all militias Bedouins, members of Israel's Arab minority who are settled in the Negev Desert in southern Israel, are fighting government plans to relocate them from their traditional homes. PNA welcomes bigger role by EU in peace talks
 CCTV images released following attempted Cheshunt theft  The PRC is the most populous state in the world, inhabited by over 1.3 billion people.  The long history of antiSemitism in Muslim lands
 11yearold rape victim forced to give birth after 
being denied abortion Fidel Castro Any time Bush would stir up fear and make a big speech, Bin Laden would appear, threatening people with a story about what he was going to do. What. The. Fuck.  An influential Israeli rabbi has said God should strike the Palestinians and their leader with a plague, calling for their death in a fiery sermon before Middle East peace talks set to begin next week. Asian shopkeepers in one of the biggest Muslim areas in Scotland are backing a boycott of Israeli produce. Palestinian President to Israel We understand Israel's need for security, but it is not an excuse to expand settlements and steal lands. Prime Minister Netanyahu threatens to withdraw funding from theaters whose actors refuse to perform in city located beyond Green Line, says 'the last thing we need is boycotts from within.' Urinepowered fuel cells to offer pee power to people India New Dissent in Japan Is Loudly AntiForeign Red alert issued as Indonesian volcano erupts Palestinians prepare to battle 'Zionist editing' on Wikipedia A volcano in western Indonesia spewed hot lava and sand high into the sky early Sunday in its first eruption in 400 years. SPIEGEL Interview with Iraq's Ayad Allawi 
'Every Corner in the Region Is Frightened' Thousands flee Indonesian volcano  Pakistan town of 250,000 flooded amid fight to rebuild levees | BBC Philippines Call for an independent inquiry on the hostage killings Afghan government forces out prosecutor pursuing cases against corrupt governors and ambassadors Hong Kongers denounce Philippine government over bus shooting 80,000 people in Hong Kong marched Sunday to demand justice for eight dead The long road to Syria   New book reveals full story behind bombing of Syrian reactor by Israel Karzai abuses presidential power to obstruct corruption investigations Longdormant volcano erupts in Indonesia The spiritual leader of Israel's ultraorthodox Shas party wishes death for all Palestinians, including the Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas.  Secrets and Lies Kim Jong Il's Shadowy Visit to China  TIME Longdormant volcano erupts in Indonesia Pakistan stunned by new matchfix claimsPakistan has been left reeling by the latest allegations of matchfixing to plague the country's beloved cricket team with former stars and officials demanding life bans for any players implicated. New bloodshed in volatile Caucasus region There has been more bloodshed in Russia's North Caucasus region over the weekend, with at least 28 militants and four policemen killed in clashes, according to Russian security services. Mexico fires 3,200 (9%) of it's federal police. Largest world's plant DNA collection in Pavlovsk, Russia is about to be bulldozed after court decision  100 Russian skinheads  Attack Crowd of 3,000, Kill 14YearOld Graduates in the UK warned of a record 70 applicants for every job, some sectors have over 200 applicants for every available job Vladimir Putin says 'unsanctioned' protesters can expect police brutality U.S. staff move kids out of Mexico City 
U.S. consulate workers in Monterrey told to relocate children as drug war rages. Net Nutrality is now law in Chile More than 3,000 Mexican federal police fired for failing to do their work or being linked to corruption Syrian man dies at the age of 125  According to his personal identity card, Othman Ebrahim Ahmad was born in 1885. He had a good memory up to his death, Mohammad, one of his sons said in Saadiya. Iran media call French first lady 'prostitute' S. Korea's incoming PM abruptly quits 
S. Korean prime ministerdesignate Kim Taeho resigns amid probe. Drunk baboons plague Cape Town's exclusive suburbs   Interview With Iran's Foreign Minister   Spiegel plays hardball. Great questions. Begins with stoning, then on to electionrigging, corruption, nuclear weapons. Mottaki dodges, blusters. All interviews should be like this  Labour's New Message? Tax The Rich  Ed Miliband has called on Labour to propose raising taxes for the betteroff and impose a 5bnayear tax on the banks as he marks out a new dividing line with his elder brother David. Australia prepares for locust plague Not guilty. Israeli captain who emptied his rifle into a 13yearold Palestinain schoolgirl | An IDF officer who claimed he would have done the same even if she had been three years old was acquitted on all charges by a military court yesterday. At least 6 people dead, 13 wounded in shooting near Bratislava (Slovakia). Gunman is believed to be 15 years old. What. The. Fuck. Japan colonial presence felt 100 years on Seoul and Korea must put aside differences in the face of unpredictable North Korea Obama to Widen Sanctions on North Korea for S.Korean boat attack Hurricane Earl grows to Category 4 Rebels attack Chechen leader's home and have bloody clash with his personal security guards Korea and Japan A 100year war of words  Sarkozy's crackdown on Roma camps adds fuel to criticism at home and abroad Indonesian Volcana Erupts Again Phillipines Solicitor General loses marriage anulment appeal... for relying on Wikipedia as an authority To offset the spate of negative stories on the Israeli Defense Force here's the Combatant's Letter, Signed by 500+ Soldiers that refuse to serve in the occupied territories.  Et tu, Israel? A singer who performed in front of a 'mixed audience' of men and women was
lashed 39 times to make him 'repent', after a ruling by a selfdescribed
rabbinic court on Wednesday. BREAKING The bloodiest fist of one of the biggest drug cartels in Mexico just fell. An Israeli army officer who fired the entire magazine of his automatic rifle into a 13yearold Palestinian girl and then said he would have done the same even if she had been three years old was acquitted on all charges by a military court yesterday. How to Kill Goyim and Influence People A rabbinical guidebook for killing nonJews has sparked an uproar in Israel and exposed the power a bunch of genocidal theocrats wield over the government Ramadan 2010  The Big Picture Israel set to build wings for some 800 F35s  Israel is in talks to build the wings for about a quarter of the United States's new F35 stealth fighter aircraft... Lockheed Martin currently plans to build some 3,200 F35s costing about $96 million each.
 Fidel Castro accepts responsibility for persecution of Cuban gays Unicef ambassador Ewen McGregor speaks on behalf of the 3.5million children and millions more who have been affected by the Pakistan floods. ( Tasmania has approved laws recognising same sex marriage. For years, the people living in a small village in 
Russia were kept ignorant in that they were living 
in the most radioactively polluted place on earth. 4 Israelis killed in West Bank shooting attack Fake goods are fine, says EU study  You all remember what happened at Haiti. Here's a video from Aljazeera of Haiti after 6 months. Fidel Castro says he feels revived Afghan Government Moves to Bailout Leading Bank  The sudden intervention by the Afghan government to shore up a deeply troubled bank sent shock waves through the capital, prompting fears among American and Afghan officials about the integrity of the countrys financial system. French Riviera Hijacked By Russian Mafia 800,000 refugees in Syria drought, most relocated to camps, have no access to electricity or running water, no schools, many children must work to sustain their families Disaster prompts resurgence for Pakistan Army Brito dies waiting for an aswer from President Chvez Four Israelis killed in shooting attack near Hebron, including a pregnant woman, one day before start of peace talks Argentina has ruled that search engines are not responsible for the content of sites that they index. The court overturned a lower court's ruling against Google and Yahoo! Argentina. Mubarak signals Egypt succession by taking son to Washington BBC News  Iranian insults against Carla BruniSarkozy unacceptable  France Tony Blair I knew Gordon Brown would be a disaster Monsanto Uprooted  Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn Sweden to reopen WikiLeaks rape case against Julian Assange There is reason to believe that a crime has been committed Castro admits 'injustice' for gays and lesbians during revolution They were moments of great injustice ... if someone is responsible, it's me.
 US man nabbed for blasphemy in Indonesia, could face 5 years in jail for unplugging loudspeaker of mosque that woke him during the night. Peak Oil and the German Government Military Study Warns of a Potentially Drastic Oil Crisis Leaving Iraq, Remembering Roy  
Remarkably moving piece of writing. US officer pays tribute to brave young interpreter who joined Americans after alQaeda beheaded two of his classmates. Spoiler it doesn't end happily
 Oil Balls Landing on Indian Beaches Ian Tomlinson (protester killed at G20 in London) update pathologist who conducted the autopsy suspended from the Home Office register of forensic pathologists for misconduct amid questions about his postmortem examination of Mr Tomlinson 4 Israelis wounded in shooting attack near Hebron Sharia Justice Compassion 90yearold Saudi to get 100 lashes At least six killed in Mozambique protests over bread prices The Stig's identity revealed over legal battle I've watched the death of too many civilians, women and children getting killed for doing nothing more than stepping out of the their house. ... Pulling troops from Iraq, they're just going to be sent to Afghanistan.  Ethan McCord, ground troop involved in WikiLeaks video After more than 7 years of war, Iraqis are still scrambling to forge a working government Armenian troops commit sabotage act on Azerbaijani territory, both sides have losses Next step in gradual phasing out of incandescent lightbulbs has begun in the EU. Two more years and they'll all be gone. Ikeshima Goodbye to old King Coal  Beautiful, sad, photoessay about neardeserted Japanese island, once home of country's last working coalmines. Twelve children in school built for 1,500. One restaurant. Lots, and lots, of rust   Ghanaian prostitutes in Nigeria on strike (somewhat NSFW)  Is Germany Becoming Islamophobic? North Korea vowed to strengthen military ties with 
China on Wednesday, days after the North's leader 
Kim Jongil finished a visit aimed at bolstering the 
bond with his isolated country's sole major 
supporter Pakistan government air raid kills 45 militants and their families Warning, getting fat may cause travel problems. Man arrested and detained by the authorities in Amsterdam on the basis that he did not resemble the person in his passport photograph. International law enforcement agencies have combined to dismantle an alleged organised child exploitation network that had been operating via the social networking site Facebook I am a refugee Blasts kill up to eight in Pakistan's Lahore, 100 hurt Israel is willing to make a sweeping concession  dividing control of Jerusalem  as part of a historic final peace pact with Palestinians and drop its demand that Jerusalem would remain the undivided capital of Israel In just ten years, Brazil has turned itself into one of the world's breadbaskets. Is Africa next? There was no room on our deck so we just started pushing helicopters overboard. We figured humans were much more important than the hardware.    Valor at the Vietnam War's End, a 3part series from NPR.  US told EU to hide ACTA from public Here is an English translation of the executive summary from the leaked German military study which predicted a severe global energy crisis dramatically shifting the balance of world power brought on by peak oil. [It's lengthy, but you'll be astounded at the global ramifications and consequences]. Tony Blair We must be prepared for attack on Iran Another Gulf oil rig explodes off La. coast Top British law enforcement official moves toward reopening investigation into mysterious 2003 death of WMD inspector... Germany has been making some good decisions lately. First the Monsanto ban, now The German government has tabled a draft bill that would ban employers from profiling job applicants on social networks such as Facebook and prevent clandestine video surveillance at work.  Pakistani officers ditch Pentagon meeting after airport detention China Too cheap to avoid a traffic jam 10 civilians are killed and 2 others are wounded after being struck by NATO during an election campaign in Rostaq, Afghanistan. Originally, a spokesman had said a precision air strike had hit a militant vehicle. Afghanistan Hamid Karzai in panic as graft probe closes in Mozambique bread riots spread as police shoot protesters  Iraq set to become one of Americas biggest markets for arms exports; Deals worth $13 billion for Abrams tanks and other equipment are currently being negotiated, and a $3 billion F16 fighter contract is set to follow. Why Israelis Don't Care About Peace with Palestinians  Mahmoud Karzai, the brother of the Afghan president, wants the US to bail out Afghanistan's biggest bank which is in danger of collapse. Shock Tony Blair apologizes for killings in Iraq HSH Nordbank  Germany's Nordbank Embroiled in FrameUp Allegations  German stateowned bank HSH Nordbank is caught up in a furor of allegations that it used breakins, bugging and planting of child pornography on a laptop computer to engineer the ousting of highlevel employees. Netanyahu and Abbas to Begin Direct Mideast Peace Talks German Military Peak Oil could lead to collapse of democracy Fidel Castro regrets discrimination against gays in Cuba The Chinese government on Wednesday began to require cellphone users to furnish identification when buying SIM cards, a move officials cast as an effort to rein in burgeoning cellphone spam, pornography and fraud schemes In South Africa's public sector strike, workers have switched off fridges at the Durban mortuary, cut identification tags off bodies and mixed the bodies up.... Syria holds Lebanon Shiite cleric as suspected Israeli spy