 China offers to buy Greek debt. Hundreds of girls are being forced by UK's Islamic schools to wear the Islamic veil. Move is heavily criticised by mainstream Muslims as setting dangerous precedent and that children attending such schools were being brainwashed U.N. Report finds Israel summarily executed U.S. citizen on flotilla Afghanistan has formally banned eight foreign private security firms, including the controversial company formerly called Blackwater, a spokesman for Afghan president Hamid Karzai said. Has anyone else heard of the labour strikes in China? Seven out of 10 teachers want to quit, (UK survey) BBC's map of Israeli settlements in the West Bank. Holy shit. How can anyone possibly believe they're going to give any of these back? Airbus, the world's biggest aeroplane maker, will carry out a greater proportion of engineering work in India in the future as a direct result of a dearth of qualified engineers in the UK, Germany and France. Syrian Actress, Igraa, Tests Boundaries Again  After 15 years of selfimposed seclusion, she has returned as a ferocious critic of the Islamist wave sweeping the Middle East, and her courage has drawn the admiration of a younger and more constrained generation of actors and filmmakers. Ireland's young are on the march again. The financial meltdown is turning it into a land of emigrants once more. France to take Roma fingerprints Despite criticism over its Roma deportations, France is moving to prevent those who leave the country from returning 2 Israelis Convicted for Using Boy as Shield in Gaza War  NYTimes.com A glimpse of the unbridled sadism that pervades the IDF An IDF unit prevents bleeding pregnant woman from going to the hospital... listen to the commander cooing as he tells the ambulance to turn around and go the way it came Australia's dark heart 20 kidnapped in Mexican resort city of Acapulco The Japan Syndrome  China's teetering on the verge of its own lost decade, and a meltdown in Beijing would make Japan's economic malaise look like child's play. CIA backed by drones in Pakistan China's premier Freedom of speech 'indispensable' Betrayal  Excellent Canadian documentary about the effects of child abuse in the Catholic Church. Ireland At economic ground zero Ahmadinejad verbally pwned by own parliament 9/11 conspiracy theories rife in Muslim world AP  Taxpayer money funneled to Taliban USAID report finds Afghan subcontractors were likely paying a protection tax to local insurgents, including the Taliban. Hizbullah have turned a Lebanese bunker into a theme park of wars against Israel, complete with tanks and rocket launchers. France v the world How the Romani row has dented Frances international standing  Panama court overturns US tycoon's will to leave $50m to poor children  says it should go to his millionaire family instead Japan's Okinawa island is the reluctant host of US military bases. Residents hate the US bases that Japan can't give up. In April,  90,000 residents gathered to protest, in the biggest show of opposition for 15 years French women cause a stir in niqab and daisy duke shorts in antiburka ban protest, aka the NiqaBitches Millions march in France against austerity as opposition to Sarkozy grows. The growing mass opposition to President Nicolas Sarkozys pension cuts was expressed Saturday on the streets of Francebetween a million and 3 million people participated in 240 demonstrations throughout the country. Congo is the U.N.s crowning failure, If the women being raped were the daughters or wives or mothers of the power elites, I can promise you this war would have ended about 12 years ago. You can attack Israeli policy without being antiJewish  Roger Waters ACS Law firm hate piracy, but think it's ok to steal others lawyers work. Pot Kettle Black in extremis! The CIA and American military are currently interrogating a German jihadist at the Bagram air base in Afghanistan. His warnings of impending attacks in Europe, apparently financed by Osama bin Laden, have alarmed US authorities  but the German intelligence community is more skeptical. True cost of cheap pineapples in UK supermarkets 
Workers in developing nations endure injury, chemicals, low wages and union repression so British consumers can pay less Geert Wilders trial for inciting racial hatred opens in Netherlands Accused of provoking hatred against Muslims with remarks comparing Islam  to nazism and by calling for a ban on the Qur'an Silvio Berlusconi condemned by Vatican newspaper for 'deplorable' jokes Italian PM filmed telling jokes depicting Jews as moneygrabbers and using Italian language's most offensive religious oath British IVF pioneer Robert Edwards wins Nobel prize Israeli Soldiers Convicted of Using Boy as Shield Canadian court tossed out key provisions of its antiprostitution laws, saying they did more harm than good Who's Threatening Whom?  A map of US military bases encircling Iran. Bulgarians proud to see one of their own as president of Brazil Indonesian minister draws fire for posting antigay comments on Twitter and joking about people with AIDS. Israel says it has launched a 'widespread' investigation into an attack on a West Bank mosque blamed on Jewish settlers. ACSLaw Boss I Feel Defeated And Could Go Bankrupt Dutch antiIslamist MP Geert Wilders goes on trial Israeli soldiers used child as human shield Britain Cuts Child Benefits for Wealthier Families  Mr. Osborne said that families making 44,000 pounds per year  about $70,000  would not qualify for the benefit, which pays 20.4 pounds per week for a first child and 13.40 for subsequent children.  8 German nationals killed in U.S. drone attack in NW Pakistan Study Shows that Marijuana Does Not Necessarily Make You Stupid For years, marijuana has been blamed for the shortterm memory loss in users, but now research has found that not all marijuana effects memory in the same way. NATO Oil Tankers Detonated as Pakistan Resistance Intensifies  In Israel, a chief education official was fired after denying evolution and global warming. An Israeli military court on Sunday convicted two soldiers of using a Palestinian child as a human shield by forcing him to check for booby traps during the 20082009 Gaza war. The worstever chemical accident in Hungary It's an ecological catastrophe Bangladesh court rules against compelling women to wear burqa Graphene yeilds a nobel prize in physics. Former Societe Generale trader Jerome Kerviel was found guilty of breach of trust by a Paris court on Tuesday for his role in a trading scandal that cost the bank close to 5 billion euros ($7 billion). A new, more draconian tax on bonuses should be 
slapped on banks, a leading Liberal Democrat said 
tonight after the Royal Bank of Scotland chairman 
admitted that regulation was the only way to 
restrain the annual bonanza for bankers. An Israeli military court convicted two soldiers on Sunday of using a 9yearold Palestinian boy as a human shield by forcing him to check bags for explosives... Video showing an Israeli soldier bellydancing next to a woman who is a blindfolded and handcuffed Well, thank god for the European Parliament Lost Language Found In Use in India U.S. drones kill German citizens 
Militants in Pakistan allegedly training for Mumbaistyle attacks. In the aftermath of the flotilla incident, Turkey's trade relations with Israel grew by over 40%  wait what? Stay classy, IDF A rogue trader must pay back 4.9 billion euros in damage for illicit trading to his former employer, the French bank Socit Gnrale... A perfect scapegoat was found, I guess we can all go grab our sticks and pitchfork and start blaming traders again... Parisian flat containing 2.1 million painting lay untouched for 70 years Nobel prize for Physics goes to team from University of Manchester for work on graphene Money Is Power  A Inside View of the IMF's Massive Global Influence  Extensive Article on the Growing Influence of the International Monetary Fund The Philippine House of Representatives has approved a bill criminalising the improper singing of the country's national anthem. Car bomb explodes near Londonderry shopping centre, Northern Ireland The slow scamper of the black squirrel European soldiers are training 2,000 Somalis to 
help build a national army to defend a weak, 
Westernbacked government in Mogadishu, Somalia Australia police say 13 Taser shocks were too much  Police say a graphic video of an unarmed man Tasered 13 times shows an unacceptable misuse of stun guns, as questions are raised about how much the devices are used in Australia. BBC News  Deadly sludge escape kills three in western Hungary Indonesia's president has cancelled a trip to the Netherlands citing a court case launched by Malukan separatists who want him arrested over human rights abuses. Australian study the only effect of legalizing prostitution is an improvement in the health of sex workers BREAKING  FBI Arrests 133 In Puerto Rico Corruption Case. Many Are Police Officers (6 Oct, 1255) The French capital is notorious for its traffic jams. Now the mayor of Paris has come up with a bold new plan to rid his city of tens of thousands of cars. If he pulls it off, the ecar sharing scheme may become a trailblazer for other congested cities around the world.  In the last 10 days, Israeli settlers have launched a massive building campaign in the occupied Palestinian territories.  Construction has begun for over 350 brand new buildings exclusively for Jewish settlers. Vote Cameron, Get Murdoch. Channel 4 Dispatches investigates the staggering intimidation News International holds over the police, politicians and rival media outlets and how David Cameron's press officer knew of illegal phone hacking when he was the editor of the News of the World. Tax minimum wage workers  Minimum wage workers should be taxed to help boost the public finances, business leaders claimed today. The Death of Egypt's Free Press In the runup to November's parliamentary elections, President Hosni Mubarak's allies are silencing what remains of the independent media. For the first time since its founding three decades ago, a poll suggests the German Green party has overtaken the Social Democrats in popularity, bolstering the Greens' claim that they are the main opposition party. Germany has moved a step closer to ridding its soil of atomic weapons, bowing out of the nuclear sharing agreement under which its fighter jets can be used to drop US bombs, media reported on Wednesday. Hungary remains in a state of emergency in the wake of a toxic sludge spill that has left seven villages swamped. Fears have been raised that the sludge could pollute the nearby Danube, Europe's second longest river. 
More bodies (and other strange sights) on Brazil's Street View. A Tumblr feed called Street Viu was set up so Brazilians could offer their most interesting images from the new service. In just a few days this feed has offered quite a fascinating look at what the Google cameras captured. After an earthquake in Christchurch New Zeland Red Cross can't give aid money away as people generally don't need it, so tell people to use it to by flat screen TV's and go on holiday. Meanwhile in the rest of the world people in real need go without.  Oktoberfest Revellers Drank Record 7 Million Liters of Beer Man caught with uranium in Purulia  Owners of the Boston Red Sox buying Liverpool FC for about 300 million The Specter of Protectionism  World Faces New Wave of Currency Wars  An American bill imposing punitive tarifs on countries that undervalue their currencies is set to unleash a new trade war between the US and China. But in fact the whole global currency system is in a state of jeopardy. Today AIPAC is working hard to prevent an extension of the Israeli settlement freeze in the occupied Palestinian territories, contravening the wishes of the President of the United States. Maths prodigy is the youngest Cambridge fresher since 1773 In Israel, there is an unspoken ban on performing the works of antiSemitic composer Richard Wagner. The announcement that an Israeli orchestra will perform at the Wagner Festival in Bayreuth has caused a stir at home.  Blast near UK embassy in Yemen Linguists uncover 'hidden' language in north India Together, mainland China and India currently contain nearly two out of every five people in the worldand are equal in size to the world population in 1950. See their demographics compared. Report Ethiopian Jews Allegedly Being Given Controversial Birth Control Drug. There is a raging controversy in Israel where feminists and doctors have accused health officials of using a controversial birth control drug Depo Provera on female Ethiopian immigrants. Chilean miners could be out by the weekend In an apparent concession to the increasingly outspoken opposition to Stuttgart's train station renovation plan, the state premier of BadenWuerttemberg has agreed to stop demolition related to the project. Hungarian sludge spill reaches Danube river (PICTURES) Representatives of US security agencies want further concessions from the EU to ensure free access to police computers, bank transfers and airline passenger data in the fight against terror. But members of the European Parliament have said they will resist the moves. American Jew charged with attempted espionage | Elliot Doxer, 42, allegedly wanted to help our homeland, gave confidential documents to an FBI agent posing as an Israeli. A  thrilling investigation into Viktor Bout, blackmarket Russian arms dealer, recently captured in Thailand. Portrays him as intelligent, calm, exacting businessman. No scruples, no ideology  A Kenyan cabinet minister who called for greater acceptance of gays by society has been accused of promoting 'unAfrican' acts and asked to resign. The touching journal of a tragic soldier who foretold his death and wrote how disgraceful his equipment was before being killed in action two weeks later is going on display China's True Intentions in Congo  Using military aid to secure mining operations in wartorn Eastern DRC Mexican president Felipe Calderon suggests abolishing 2,000 local police departments throughout Mexico due to endemic corruption Seized Vietnam boat shows China double standard French court rules burqa ban constitutional, the last step before clearing the law for passage The Indian state of Kerala is famous as the land of coconuts. But climbing trees has been the only way to pick them. Until now... The case against NATO  Nine years after September 11, it no longer makes sense (if it ever did) to be asking Canadian and British soldiers, among others, to risk their lives for what has always been an American war in Afghanistan. Top disaster relief officials in Hungary say the toxic spill has killed all water life in the small Marcal river. Higherthannormal pH levels have also been recorded in a tributary of the Danube. 2 Mozambicans killed for 'witchcraft'  Two men, both at least 70 years old, were lynched by their families in central Mozambique because they were suspected of witchcraft, the staterun daily O Pais reported on Thursday. Israel Is Now Punishing Palestinians Shamelessly What is delaying treatment of a 47yearold Palestinian woman, if not punishment of someone who opposes her foreign rulers? Report Israel unleashed Americanmade WMD's on defenseless neighbors We donated our xkcd volume 0 profits to Room to Read to promote literacy in the developing world  now we're visiting each location. Here's Laos. Interpol issues notice against 2 Pakistan Army majors in 26/11 Mumbai attacks case And the Nobel Peace Prize Goes to  Hungary Toxic red sludge has reached the Danube Vietnam demands release of fishermen Nato contractors 'attacking own vehicles' in Pakistan Baby dies after monkey snatches it from home  Pressure grows on David Cameron's press officer Andy Coulson as police contact former colleague over News of the World phone hacking scandal Interactive Pictures Highlighting the Toxic Sludge Tidal Wave Surging Through Hungary The Nobel Peace Prize 2010 goes to Liu Xiaobo for his long and nonviolent struggle for fundamental human rights in China. Belgian police beat up protesters, tear the clothes off one protester when she refuses a strip search in front of men, and abduct another and threaten her with rape China has angrily condemned the decision to award the Nobel Peace Prize to jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo China's bestknown dissident, who is serving 11 years in prison, is probably unaware he has won the Nobel Peace Prize. 'You will all die' Crazed man's vow to terrified passengers as he tries to open exit door midair after praying in Hebrew

 No right to a lawyer during interrogation, Supreme Court rules (Canada)  WTF woman warned over 'child grooming' for giving a child a 'cookie' at school where she works . . . Late soldier's letters tell of rapes at camp Capt. Nichola Goddard, who in 2006 became the first female Canadian combat death, wrote to her husband that women working at bases in Afghanistan were often victims of sexual harassment or assault [...] Britain is so broke, that they are considering to have France service their nuclear warheads Israel's new 'loyalty oath' will require nonJewish citizens (and only nonJewish citizens) to swear allegiance to the Jewish and democratic state of Israel. Jews will not be required to take the oath because many ultraOrthodox Jews are known to be disloyal to the Israeli state.  Whale Wars Sinking claim exposes Sea Shepherd feud  apparently they sunk their own ship Immigrants should pay 5,000 pounds to use public services UK MP Three major Asian space powers  China, India, Japan  suffered satellite failures during the second half of 2010  Chilean miners braced for release as drill breakthrough due in hours 2 more bodies found in Hungary's red sludge  Jewish Settler leader runs over rock throwing youths in Silwan  Trapped Chilean miners show hidden depths after two months underground  Interpol seeks arrest of serving Pakistani army officers over Mumbai attacks 57 NATO tankers set ablaze in fresh assaults Arsenic and mercury in Hungary spill  Why The Natives Revolted  The [Tony] Blair mindset seems to say that Americans, Israelis, and British...can react forcefully with war and sanctions to the policies that anger or hurt them, while Arabs and Asians...are not allowed to activate a similar human condition and reaction. In defence of South African academics' successful call for a boycott of Israel The recent statement by German President Christian Wulff that Islam belongs in Germany has provoked something of a conservative backlash. The German press is divided on whether the presence of Muslims in Germany is selfevident or cause for concern. New Delhi's sewage system is choked by thousands of condoms which have been flushed down the toilets in the athletes' village.  In Hunt for Dubai Hit Men, Tantalizing Trail Goes Cold  Canadian couple who discovered that their fetus was likely to have Down's Syndrome decided that they wanted to have an abortion. The problems was the fetus was being carried by a surrogate, who wanted to carry the pregnancy to term. Lightning kills entire soccer team during game. China forces wife of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo to leave Beijing Breakthrough in Chile mine rescue The Real Challenge from China Its People, Not Its Currency  Fareed Zakaria's debut TIME article SUNLIGHT! Chile miners have a way out now, and all it needs is final testing before they can start to evacuate. The threat of International Criminal Court prosecutions of Israel moves from theory to reality Relatives of the dead and their lawyers ask the ICC to open a case against Israel for the deadly attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla in international waters. The Nobel committee once again displayed its arrogance and prejudice against a country that has made the most remarkable economic and social progress in the past three decades.  Chinese Newspaper Editorial Blast kills Afghan governor On the Hungarian red sludge This morning the goverment evacuated Kolontar (the closest town to the reservior), and ready to evacuate Devecser, since there is a great possibilty that another spill happens. The northern part of the dam is showing numerous cracks, and reports show it will fall down. French court approves veil ban Country's highest legal authority gives the green light to a ban on facial veils, despite previous warnings against it Russian students pose in lingerie for a proPutin calendar celebrating Vladimir Putin's 58th birthday. Mexico's President Calderon opposes marijuana legalization in California Tens of thousands take part in Munich antinuclear protest  Opponents of the German government's plans for nuclear power claim success after a major demonstration in Munich. The event was the largest of its kind in Bavaria for more than two decades. Iran says Western spies infiltrated its nuclear program Angry China Blocks Nobel Prize Celebration The police in Beijing on Friday broke up a banquet honoring the dissident Liu Xiaobo for winning the Nobel Peace Prize.  NATO tankers torched in new attack in Pakistan Iran acknowledges espionage at nuclear facilities China's Burden of Shame  Today's Nobel Peace Prize announcement is a reminder that the Chinese people will never earn the full respect of the world until their government respects them first. Pakistan will reopen a border crossing today, which had been closed for a week in protest of a NATO helicopter attack which killed two of their soldiers. During this time almost 150 trucks with supplies were stranded and destroyed French national police force  la Gendarmerie  accused of operating a secret and illegal database of Roma and other travelling minorities Nato tankers again hit in Pakistan NATO Sends More Troops to North Kosovo The 22.5 million Turkish members of Facebook may lose access to the popular socialnetworking site, as a result of a court case filed by an opposition leader.  A government minister who has defended Turkeys bans on YouTube and other popular websites hinted  that Facebook could share the same fate. Which are the best  and worstrun countries in Africa?  Hard up farmer digs up Roman helmet on his land and hopes to sell it for about 32,000 dollars. Instead it earns him about 3.67 million Clown elected to Brazilian congress, It couldn't get 
any worse. Vote for me CNN streaming live from North Korean party parade  
amazing imagery Farright British political parties linked with Tea Party activists Details emerge of contacts between English Defence League and extremist US groups in a 'war on Islamification Protesters attack police at Belgrade Gay Pride parade Former editorinchief of Playboy Indonesia began a twoyear prison sentence for publishing pictures of scantily clothed women, riling free speech activists in the world's most populous Muslim nation Iran Confirms Espionage at its Nuclear Facilities Intellectuals held in mainland China crackdown after Liu Xiaobo gets Nobel peace prize Hungary workers race to build dam as reservoir crack widens and threaten to unleash second torrent of toxic sludge on village of Kolontar The English Defence League, a farright grouping aimed at combating the Islamification of British cities, has developed strong links with the American Tea Party movement China detains Nobel Peace Prize winner's wife U.S. rights group After more than two months trapped deep in a Chilean mine, 33 miners were so giddy with confidence, they were arguing over who would be the last to take a twisting 20minute ride to daylight and the embrace of those they love.

 The New Great Game   a bitter struggle over natural resources and strategic bases between the British and Russian colonial powers, are seeing history repeat itself. Serbia riots leave scores injured Rupert Murdoch Invades Iran North Korea Opens Up Internet for National Anniversary Police clash with antigay protesters in Belgrade, Serbia.. Royal Marines have spoken for the first time of an horrific Black Hawk Down battle to save a helicopter crew trapped in enemy territory Wife of Chinese Nobel winner under house arrest Violence flares at EDL protest A huge police operation of 2,000 officers kept rival factions apart as the English Defence League (EDL) and Unite Against Fascism (UAF) held demonstrations in Leicester OECD protest over Israeli minister's Jerusalem remarksThe Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development has said it could cancel a conference in Jerusalem over remarks by an Israeli minister A man accused of the slaughter of 15 young people at a Ciudad Juarez birthday party, the killing of a U.S. Air Force sergeant and the assassination of a Mexican reporter targeted for his organized crime coverage, says his confessions were false and extracted through torture. All hail the boy emperor  the first sighting by foreign journalists of Kim Jong Un, who is the third son of Kim Jong Il and still in his late 20s Chinese researchers to relaunch 'Bigfoot' search Chancellor Angela Merkel met Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan in Berlin, with a range of agendas. Among them was the issue of integration in Germanys Muslim minority, a muchdebated topic in recent weeks. The 33 trapped Chilean miners have moved to stop any individual from profiting at the expense of the group, drawing up a legal contract to share the proceeds from the story of their ordeal. Pentecostal churches in Uganda pressuring HIVpositive youths to stop taking their ARVs Mr Liu's wife has apparently been placed under house arrest after he dedicated the award to the martyrs of Tiananmen Square in 1989. French Constitutional Court Decision Upholds Ban on Wearing Veils in Public Places because it puts women in a condition of exclusion and inferiority manifestly incompatible with the constitutional principles of liberty and equality.  Norway says China has canceled a ministerial meeting apparently in response to the award of the Nobel peace prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo Far right rioters attack Serbian gay pride march Afghan tribal leaders tried to negotiate for the British aid worker's release.  Coalition bombings turned away their mission.  They implored that only negotiation would secure her freedom.  They were ignored.  A military rescue operation was chosen instead.  The hostage is now dead. PA adopts textbook, banned in Israel, offering both sides' narratives  Palestinian Education Ministry's adoption of book marks first time Israeli position is presented to West Bank schoolchildren  still banned from use by the Israeli Education Ministry German minister warns of reverse discrimination  In the country's ongoing integration debate, Germany's federal Minister for Family Affairs, Kristina Schroeder, has now warned that many Germans have been subjected to growing reverse discrimination by immigrants. Iranian separatist group claims kidnapping of nuclear scientist, threatens release of state secrets Outrage over Swedish arms sales to Saudis  Were talking about one of the worlds worst dictatorships. We cant send weapons to dictatorships that should be buying food instead, Green Party defence policy spokesperson Peter Rdberg said. Americans Peter Diamond and Dale Mortensen and Christopher Pissarides, a British and Cypriot citizen, won the 2010 Nobel economics prize Monday for developing theories that help explain how economic policies can affect unemployment. Israel Declares for Ethnic Nationalism Oath Persons applying for Israeli citizenship to affirm the Jewish and democratic character of Israel Greek policeman gets life in prison for murder that sparked riots  African leaders in human albino trade  A lobby group says politicians are involved in the trade of human albino body parts in Africa and use them as charms to bring them good fortune.
 Young woman British aid worker who was alleged to have been killed by her Taliban captors may have accidentally died in a grenade attack by U.S. forces during a botched rescue operation A kidnapped British aid worker may have been killed by her American rescuers, rather than her Taliban captors, officials said Monday. Hungarian police arrested the managing director of the company at the center of a toxic sludge disaster, as the body of the last missing person was recovered, bringing the death toll to eight Death by stoning case Iran arrests son, lawyer, and journalists  India to get UN Security Council seat as a non permanent member The Miners are finally going to get out tomorrow night. Israel's economy is widely seen as a hightech success story. Yet to many Israelis the real players in their economy are not programmers or venture capitalists. Rather, they are the 20 or so Israeli families who control banks, supermarkets, telecoms, real estate, gas stations, and utilities . . . European populism focuses on Islam and immigration, but it may be mobilising a wider rage against elites expressed by people who feel unrepresented, or fear being left behind economically. They share a feeling of losing their sense of national, social, or religious belonging.  Fearing civil war, Lebanese citizens arm themselves Officer guilty of boy's murder that sparked Greek riots Could this be the worst piece of business in the history of the world? Last Thursday, Dublin Finance Minister Brian Lenihan handed Allied Irish Bank $4.2 billion of taxpayers' money to save it from going under. He could have bought the entire bank that morning for $832 million. In Queensland, where abortion is still a crime, a woman is on trial for medically terminating her eightweek pregnancy, and faces a jail term of up to 7 years The Metro Police have a couple of problems abuse of powers, and racial discrimination within the force. However, the Commissioner has hit upon a solution, which he is lobbying the Government to adopt make it harder to bring suits against the police. Sex Crimes and the Vatican  a BBC documentary. *Warning, this might make you rage* Australian cop bashes victims while in custody, sentenced to 27 months jail and loses job. Video of assault within article. Think Again Global Aging  A gray tsunami is sweeping the planet  and not just in the places you expect. How did the world get so old, so fast? North Korea leader's eldest son 'opposes dynasty' Breaking the Silence nominated for EU peace prize 
documents testimony of soldiers who served in the West Bank and Gaza; rightwing group calls on parliament members not to let it win award.  Haaretz Netherlands Antilles ceased to be a country yesterday Kazakhstan Prisoners Disemboweling Themselves To Protest Prison Conditions  UN Gets Involved Why the CBC banned Creative Commons music from its shows Fishermen at the Japanese town made famous by the controversial Oscarwinning documentary The Cove shrugged off protests by animal rights activists on Tuesday to carry out their grisly annual dolphin hunt. France hit by third national strike in a month Israeli troops accused of shooting children in Gaza At least 10 Palestinian children have been shot and wounded by Israeli troops in the past three months while collecting rubble in or near the buffer zone created by Israel along the Gaza border.  BREAKING Chile's trapped miners finally set to escape (12 Oct, 0935) Chilean miners soon to be rescued  After the January assassination of a top Palestinian official in Dubai, Police had lots of surveillance footage of the perps. Yet they haven't found any of the 30 suspects identified. It seems ubiquitous electronic surveillance is no match for a sufficiently advanced adversary. Thailand military the lovely conscripts  Thailands military struggles with a flood of transgender draftees. India Adds Economic Power to Security Council Bloc With Brazil Somali Pirates Hijack Japanese Breakbulk Ship BREAKING Law passed to strip foreignborn criminals of French nationality in France (12 Oct, 1420) Tanker and container ship collide off Dutch coast Two German Journalists Arrested in Iran  Two German reporters have been arrested in Iran after trying to interview the lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who has been condemned to death by stoning. The case is likely to cause diplomatic tension between Germany and Iran. Australian police Tasers 'used on mentally ill' Pakistan's Rulers Have Sold Countrys Sovereignty To US Imran  Imran Khan said blind allegiance of the rulers to the US had emboldened the Nato forces to such an extent that they now even started killing the Pakistani forces after violating the countrys geographical boundaries.  First Miner hoisted to freedom in Chile A Mexican police commander investigating the reported shooting of an American tourist on a border lake was decapitated and his head was found in a suitcase outside a Mexican Army base Chinese communist elders issue free speech appeal Four teenagers charged on hate crime against beating a Muslim kid who they called a terrorist. Goodbye Great Recession. Hello bedlam As 2010 ends, global security is nosediving Mass protests shake French government. Over three million workers marched against unpopular pension cuts Tuesday, as the political establishment fears a radicalization of workers struggles that could escape the control of the trade unions. Former KGB officer says Britain should stop trying to extradite him for Alexander Litvinenko's poisoning 38 tigers and 134 leopards have been killed this year in India by poachers Iraq vet who rescued the wounded children after the Wikileaks Collateral Murder incident was denied mental counselling by commanding officers.  RightWing Attitudes On the Rise in Germany A Mexican police commander investigating the disappearance of an American tourist on a border lake plagued by pirates was killed, U.S. and Mexican officials said Tuesday. The San Antonio ExpressNews is reporting that Rolando Flores' head was delivered to the Mexican military in a suitcase. Chinese Scientists behaving badly | Recent events show China needs to clean up its scientific act The rescued miners may stand to make a tidy sum from book and newspaper deals, but noone has profited more from their ordeal than Chiles president, Sebastian Pinera.  Italy to combat prostitution by cutting trees. India to help Vietnam enhance, upgrade its armed forces 43 die after bus ignores warning, collides with train in Ukraine Suspected US missiles strikes kill 11 in Pakistan China's Wind Power To Grow FiveFold In Next Decade Threeyearold Iraqi child saved in Israel Following lifesaving surgery for inborn heart defect, child's mother says We love Israel, not afraid to return to Iraq Nazi Reenactor Just Tip of the Iceberg The GOPs 
Long History with Nazi Allies The bizarre trial of Dutch political leader Geert Wilders, for having allegedly insulted Islam and incited hatred against Muslims, may have major long term repercussions on Europe.  You may not agree with his politics, but his trial will be a watershed for European democracy. Rescuer Descends Into Chile Mine Shaft  NYT Dan Plesch of the Centre for International Studies U.K.'s military spending on the chopping block. The cashstrapped United Kingdom has been cutting programs and services left and right, including military spending.  Pushed to alleviate security concerns before the citys doublebilling on the international stage, Rio officials have embarked on an ambitious plan to wrest control of the slums, such as City of God, from ruthless drug gangs who ruled for years with big guns and abject terror. Pension Reform Protest  Third Wave of Strikes Shuts Down France 33rd miner rescued!  Is anyone else absolutely astounded at how they've managed to pull off this entire operation? Before we can recognize Israel as a Jewish state you must present us with a map that clearly shows the bordes of the state you want us to recognize. Booyakasha! This is our cry for help  In Congo where 300 women and 4 boys were gangraped by Congolese/Rwandan Rebels Israeli columnist argues Israel's new law that requires all new citizens swear loyalty to Israel as a Jewish state is another sign that Israel is turning away from the liberal and secular values of modern Western civilization. Rape 'impossible' in marriage, says Muslim cleric in the UK That couple on trial in Australia for abortion? Found not guilty after less than an hour of jury deliberation. Rinderpest virus has been wiped out, scientists say, If confirmed, rinderpest would become only the second viral disease  after smallpox  to have been eliminated by humans. Did you turn out the lights? Fellow mine rescuers hail unsung hero who was FIRST down the shaft and the LAST man up. Ladies and gentlemen, meet mine rescue expert Manuel Gonzalez! Zhao Fei was awaiting trial in China for killing his former Norwegian girlfriend. He turned himself in and admitted to the murder. However, the same day the Nobel Peace price was awarded he was released, free of all charges. Police to tweet every incident they're involved in for a day. In Manchester. There's going to be a helluva lot of tweeting  Europe's Capital of AntiSemitism  Budapest survived fascism and communism and blossomed after the fall of the Iron Curtain. Now the Hungarian capital is experiencing a rebirth of antiSemitism. The farright Jobbik party is part of the government and Jews are being openly intimidated. When the CIA swooped in and took him, they badly damaged Italys work against terrorists. The case, in other words, looked like a good example of how the war on terror made the West less safe from terrorists World Financial System Not Sustainable No sovereign government should ever, under any circumstances, give over democratic control of its money supply to bankers. Nobel prize; Japan says release of China's Liu Xiaobo 'desirable'  On Friday, the German History Museum is opening postwar Germany's firstever comprehensive exhibition on Adolf Hitler. Curators went out of their way to avoid creating an homage  yet they are still concerned about attracting cheering neoNazis and angry protesters. Belgian Cardinal Lonard writes a book  AIDS is an immanent justice (sorry, google translated link; better translation follows in comments) Russia refuses route for NATO supplies Syria, Hezbollah and Iran An Alliance in Flux | STRATFOR CCTV captures Mafia handing out beating. Don't mess with the Camorra  Some of The Most Emotional Moments of the San Jose Miners Rescue (62 Photos) Afghans allege prison abuse 
Report claims Afghan detainees abused at secret US detention center. Greek police storm Acropolis unpaid wages and layoffs protesters Palestinian negotiator denies official request for border map of Israel German president Wulff gets worms in salad at Kremlin dinner BBC News  China's trade surplus falls to $16.9bn WikiLeaks says Funding Has Been Blocked After Government Blacklisting Founder Julian Assange hits out at decision by Moneybookers, which collects the whistleblowing website's donations British government urges councils to stop giving tax breaks to Scientology Chinese Premier calls for reform and says democracy and freedom are irresistible !! Israel ends settlement freeze, approves 238 new east Jerusalem homes and derails recently renewed Mideast peace talks Now in my country Four miners trapped in a mine 150 meters deep in Ecuador. French woman faces fine for tearing niqab from tourist's face In Italy, a Muslim woman has been killed by her husband for opposing her daughter's arranged marriage. The daughter was gravely injured after being attacked by her brother Swiss near breakthrough on world's longest tunnel On Sept. 15 2010, the United States tested a nuclear weapon  Japan responded with dismay to the first U.S. subcritical nuclear test carried out under the Obama administration.  India plans to write its own OS Two Views on Mideast Peace  
Interesting perspective from Amos Oz Israelis, Arabs both victims of Europe. Arabs suffered imperialism, colonialism, repression; Jews, persecution, genocide. Each sees in the other its former oppressor
 Over one in six Germans believe the Jews have too much influence and over one in eight Germans would welcome a 'Fhrer' to run the country with a firm hand Russia agrees to build nuclear plant in Venezuela The US will give ~$5 million this year to aid UXO removal in Laos. Compare that to the $17 million spent every DAY for nine years on bombing Laos. Britain, outlier nation  Too American to fit in with Europe. Too European to share the Tea Party's radicalism. Too Western to find new allies in the BRICs. Too posh for Australia. Conservative Britain is a lonely country German study released this week indicates that xenophobic feelings are spreading from extremists at the margins of society to the middleclass heart of the European country Israeli threatens to kill everyone on Qantas flight after not receiving free upgrade The rule of law thrives best in Sweden, the Netherlands but is sorely lacking in Pakistan, Kenya, and Liberia Fresh claims US is running secret prison in Afghanistan India's richest man builds world's first billiondollar home  An Indian businessman has built the world's most expensive home  valued at $1 billion, with three helipads, its own air traffic control, a sixfloor car park, a staff of 600, a fourstorey hanging garden and a cinema. Ahmadinejad says Zionists will disappear in a fiery speech two miles from Israel in Lebanon Palestinians furious at Israeli plan to build more homes in east Jerusalem  World's s sexiest computer hacker, Kristina Svechinskaya, to appear in court in connection with multimillion dollar internet fraud scam 'Plot' to kill Pakistan PM foiledPolice officials say they have arrested seven men and foiled a plot to kill the prime minister and other leaders. Half off! France fights piracy by subsidizing digital music Meanwhile, in China 1261 people died in coal mines in the first half of 2010.  It's not as glamorous as the Chilean rescue? Ten years ago, Portugal became the first Western nation to pass fullscale, nationwide decriminalization. That law abolished criminal sanctions for all narcotics  not just marijuana but also hard drugs. By any metric, Portugals drugdecriminalization scheme has been a resounding success Merkel says German multicultural society has failed Iran infuriated by stoning film, just fine with real stoning During Fujimori's regime, Peru engaged in systemic sterilisation of poor, indigenous, rural women in a program of coercion and deceit under the guise of an antipoverty plan. Health authorities were given 'quotas' to meet, and all the victims belonged to the same indigenous ethnic group we learned that USAID, part of the Department of State, was supplying fertilizer for opium production.  Afghanistan Paris' Charles de Gaulle ITL could run out of fuel supplies as early as this Monday due to 10 out of 12 refineries and depots being blockaded by pension strikers UK companies selling pensions take 80 percent in fees and commissions.  WikiLeaks Iraq  To Upstage Afghanistan?  A Dissident Defends Us All  NYTimes.com A straighttalking engineer was behind Chile's mine rescue operation Turkey schools flout hijab ban  Where others fear to tread  The decision by a Chinese business school to set up in Africa highlights Western schools' reluctance to engage with the continent Arabs object to Israeli settlements 
Israel permits new construction, threatening viability of peace talks. China mine blast kills 20 and leaves 17 trapped The development of Germanys renewable energy sources will mean record green electricity surcharges for consumers in 2011, increasing power bills by up to 112 per year, according to industry experts. Mine blast in China traps 16. Not THIS again! Just a year ago, Reynosa  a dusty, sprawling city of half a million people across the border from McAllen, Texas  was a relatively peaceful part of the country. Now its one of the most dangerous places in Mexico. China Awarding Nobel Peace Prize to human rights activist, imprisoned dissident Liu Xiabo, encourages crime BBC News  China's leaders meet to discuss the next fiveyear plan for its economy. Rumour has it that political reform may even be on the agenda. The Russian Masterpiece You've Never Heard of  Vasily Grossman's Life and Fate has more to say about human freedom than any other Russian novel of the century. That's probably why it was locked up for so long. China  Henan, 20 miners killed and 17 trapped after a collapse France replies to EU executive on its expulsion of Roma, to give assurances that it will fall in line with EU laws on free movement or face legal action Australian Government to release children asylum seekers from mandatory detention In Rough Slum, Brazils Police Try Soft Touch Blackwater, through Total Intelligence [also owned by Blackwater's founder, Erik Prince], seeks to become the intel arm of Monsanto and infiltrate activist groups organizing against Monsanto The greatest attack ad ever? Black people are 26 times more likely than white people to be stopped and searched by police in England and Wales, the most glaring example of racial profiling researchers have seen Sweden tops government ranking  while US lags  Sweden's open government, lack of corruption and clear laws make the country top new global government effectiveness ranking. Has democracy ceased to exist in parts of Mexico because of drug cartel influence? How did the country get to this point?  Frenchspeaking population increases by 20 million between 2007 and 2010, almost entirely thanks to Africa Doctors Without Borders on US food aid Foods we would never give our own children are being sent overseas as food aid to the most vulnerable children in malnutrition hot spots in subSaharan Africa and parts of Asia. This double standard must stop.  The Economic Hit Man Confesses Again Mexico With a presidential election less than two years away, drug cartels send messages to the government and citizens to back down. The lawabiding must decide whether it is better to give in ... or battle on.  These are darkskinned people, not Europeans like you and me, declared Milan's vicemayor during their crackdown on the Roma. The 1 billion hostage trade How kidnapping became a global industry Angela Merkel, Germany's Chancellor, has said that the country's attempt to create a multicultural society has utterly failed British director Mike Leigh cancels Israel trip to protest loyalty oath Defiant millions take to the streets in battle over Nicolas Sarkozy's cuts French workers strike against pension reform Protests threaten France shut down Tens of thousands of people to take to the streets over pension plans as fears of a fuel shortage increase Massive Hospital ship arrives in Kenya, set to tour Africa. 8 decks, 32 departments, 428 medical support staff. Free treatment. Provided by the Chinese. Look me in the eyes ... I said the eyes.  Play on famous Wonderbra ad aims to increase sensitivity toward handicapped people. The Great Deflation  Japan Goes From Dynamic to Disheartened  Swiss Complete Largest Tunnel Ever to Star Wars Theme  Iranian judge sentenced a man accused of stealing chocolate from a candy shop to have his hand cut off! Chinese Christians barred from attending South African international evangelical conference After the Pakistan Floods, Why Relief Help Was Slow to Arrive The propaganda smears on WikiLeaks. On the eve of a new leak, widely trumpeted Pentagon accusations about the whistleblowing site have proven false  Deadly disease major threat to global public health  

Number of cases of dengue has more than doubled in last decade, according to the World Health Organization Leave it to a damn engineer. Drug addicts across the UK are being offered money to be sterilised by an American charity Wifebeating allowed under sharia law, UAE court rules French gas stations 'run dry' Man marrying twice in one day. Both women agreed to live as sisters and as friends... 
Iran loses most of its ballistic missile launchers in mysterious blasts at the secret Imam Ali Base  First the Stuxnet virus, now deep sabotage. Iran is taking a pounding. China threatening to block the release of a UN report that details its sales of weapons to Darfur in violation of an arms embargo The World's Jon Stewarts  The Daily Show star has it easy. A list of the world's most influential political satirists shows that in dangerous places, telling jokes can be hazardous to your health. Violent AntiJapanese Protests Erupt in China 'Cuban pilots flew 150,000 Jews from Arab states to Israel'  In the first years of the state, Cuban planes and pilots brought nearly 150,000 Jews to Israel from Iraq, Iran, Yemen and India, the official Cuban newspaper Juventude Rebelde (Rebel Youth) reported on Saturday.  Arab League urges world leaders to boycott OECD conference in Jerusalem Call issued in light of continued Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank comes after Turkey, Britain and Spain said they would not attend. Extensive research into the causes of suicide terrorism proves Islam isn't to blame  the root of the problem is foreign military occupations. Think slavery is a thing of the past? Think again 
				Home News, UK  The Independent In the next 40 years, an unprecedented number of women will be in positions of power, Muslim immigration to the West will rise, and office workers will be unchained from their cubicles, a report released last week says. Three peers to be suspended from Lords over expenses claims  U.S. says Chinese businesses and banks are bypassing U.N. sanctions against Iran
 With Statehood, Palestinians Ready To End All Claims French strikes hit airlines, trucking, gas pumps Debasing a foundational idea  Israel's future depends on its ability to prevent and solve tensions between being 'Jewish' and being 'democratic.'  WikiLeaks Didnt Blow U.S. Afghan Intel Sources Homosexual attacks rise a year after Uganda's anti gay bill  Today marks one year since the introduction of an AntiHomosexuality Bill in Ugandas parliament that seeks to impose the death penalty on repeat offenders and HIVpositive gay men convicted of aggravated homosexuality. House arrest for child run down by settler (in Israel) French workers show how to fight austerity strike wave has shut down thousands of gas stations; Charles De Gaulle airport may need to close tonight. Blotting Out Sun May Soon Be Banned  Yes, really  A U.N. treaty Scout in Mumbai attacks was DEA informant while in terror camp Here is a country with 5% unemployment, lowest income inequality, healthcare for all, has high life expectancy, low infant mortality, near top in numeracy and literacy, low on crime, incarceration, homicides, mental illness and drug abuse. In all these it beats both the US and China by a mile! Saudi prince found guilty of murdering his servant in London Hotel When Saudi King Abdullah appeared in a newspaper photo with 40 veiled women, he broke a taboo by mixing with the opposite sex in public. Since then, the King has crimped the power of conservative Muslim clerics  prohibited unauthorized fatwas and backed female employees in supermarkets You get checked for porn when you enter Australia, sad thing is they don't give you some if you don't have any.  Chechnya parliament 'is attacked' Nobel Peace Prize Inspires Chinese Dissidents  Young people have been disseminating Liu's Charter 08 reform manifesto. Even veteran Communist Party functionaries are calling for more freedom. For the first time, an ICE highspeed train operated by German rail rolled into London on Tuesday. Deutsche Bahn hopes the test run is a sign of things to come, but France is unhappy. 6 of 10 Chinese demand Norway apologize more than 75 percent of respondents had no idea who the winner of this year's Nobel Peace Prize was. Two Chinese nationals arrested for firing into a crowd of Zambian workers protesting poor working conditions at their Chineserun mine Fiji Loses it's birth certificate. Osama bin Laden living in comfort in Pakistan, says Nato official If Ahmadinejad's visit to Lebanon signalled anything, it's that the balance of power is shifting in the Middle East. And as that happens we'll most likely see even more leaders and movements in this region take stands against the policies of western governments. China has halted some shipments to the United States of rare minerals vital to industry due to anger over a US probe Raped women used as pawns in Congo war Man detained by police in Egypt for insulting religion in TV debate Biggest pot bust in Mexican history United Nations Israeli settlement construction is a violation of international law Gunmen storm Chechen parliament  Iran tells Iraqi prime minister 'get rid of America'   Iran has demonstrated its hold over the future of Iraqi politics, telling Nouri alMaliki, the prime minister, to get rid of America as he arrived to ask Tehran's blessing for a second term in office. UK Prime Minister Cameron announces 8% cut to defense budget  Mike Leigh cancels Israel trip over loyalty oath Vatican newspaper Homer Simpson is a true Catholic The central question for many in Middle East has for years been Why is it  since we are a superior people (Arabs) with a superior religion (Islam)  that we are behind the West and what can we do about it? Top UN envoy survives Iraqi roadside blast Striking French Dockworkers Clash with Riot Police  Canada's Most Conservative City elects Muslim Mayor Dead Sea Scrolls will be available online The UK surveillance state marches on Every email, phone call and website visit is to be recorded and stored after the Coalition Government revived controversial Big Brother snooping plans A major Jewish religious figure in Israel has likened nonJews to donkeys and beasts of burden, saying the main reason for their very existence is to serve Jews Carter Palestinians live in 'cage'  Former US President Jimmy Carter said yesterday that Palestinians are living in a cage in Gaza and that the militant group Hamas must be included in all major efforts for peace. Every email and website to be stored by UK government Norwegians Find Perfectly Preserved Stone Age Site  A Norwegian camping ground is the site of what may become one of Europe's most significant archeological discoveries. Archeologists have found an almost perfectly preserved Stone Age settlement... China Said to Halt Some Mineral Shipments to U.S. and Europe as It Flexes Its New Economic Power Bad parents should be sterilised  PARENTS with a history of child abuse should be forced to have sterilisations, a former Victorian ombudsman says.  Uganda newspaper publishes 'gay list,' calls for their 
hanging Israeli soldier at the controls of a bulldozer that crushed to death 23yrold Rachel Corrie in Gaza in March 2003, is to testify anonymously. Family criticises decision to give evidence from behind screen Britain plans to cut its armed forces by 8% by 2015 Palestinian school set on fire, vandalized with 'regards from the hills' graffiti Thousands of Tibetan students have staged protests in northwestern China, angry at being forced to study in the Chinese language Chinese Rare Earth Embargo Spreads  Carter in Syria Israel must fully lift Gaza blockade | Former U.S. President meets with Syrian President Assad and Hamas politburo chief Meshal in Damascus. Beyond the Church's Reach  An increasing number of Polish women are travelling to Germany for abortions. Even as Poland has modernized and become more European, its laws have failed to keep pace. Tibetan students in China protest over language policy Afghanistan debate drives MP to tears  INDEPENDENT MP Andrew Wilkie has broken down in tears while calling for Australian troops to come home from Afghanistan within months. 
 Ugandan paper outs 100 'top' gays in country  Rights activists say at least four homosexuals attacked after appearing in list published by 'Rolling Stone' paper that included photos. 
 Strikes in Europe Governments, whether conservative or nominally 'left,' are cutting jobs and wages and slashing social programs in complete disregard for the overwhelming opposition of the population. Lebanon the real story behind Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's visit Afghan officials cancel 1.3m votes  more than 20% of parliamentary election's ballots invalid after fraud investigation Sarkozy Stands Firm on Pension Reform as Protests Cripple France Devastating budget cuts to hit Britain U.K. Finance Chief George Osborne announced a program of devastating cuts to the country's budget today, taking away hundreds of thousands of public sector jobs and billions of dollars from welfare.  Frontpage Uganda newspaper story featured a list of 100 homosexuals, with a bright yellow banner across it that read Hang Them. Alongside their photos were the men's names and addresses China fails to block UN report alleging it sold weapons to militias in Darfur in violation of an arms embargo Berliners strip in protest at city's skyhigh rents.The movement is sending shock waves through the normally orderly world of Berlin estate agents Saudi prince jailed for life for murdering servant  A new online game has taken the internet by storm in China about fighting Chinese enforcers who have become deeply unpopular with the public Somali schoolboy tells of how Islamists cut off his leg and hand  Elite Canadian Soldier pleads guilty to 88 charges ranging from stealing women's and girls' lingerie  to sexual assault and murder How Speculators Are Crippling the Copper Industry The results are stark, and prove decisively that not all terrorists are Muslims.  A whopping 99.6% of terrorist attacks in Europe were by nonMuslim groups; a good 84.8% of attacks were from separatist groups completely unrelated to Islam.
 Driver of the bulldozer which killed Rachel Corrie testifies, contradicting his own affidavit. One of the most overlooked and underreported humanitarian crises  More than 10,000 Sahrawis have organized a mass exodus from Western Sahara cities to protest the Moroccan occupation French police open blockaded depots President orders forced reopening of fuel depots closed by workers striking over planned pensions overhaul. The AntiDefamation League has listed Jewish Voice for Peace in the top 10 antiIsrael groups. Nice Guy Nato Using Afghans As Human Shields  After being questioned and having biometric data taken, Dawood claimed he was taken home to fill sandbags as they turned his home into a firing point. They made us walk in front, he said, so if there was a mine we'd hit it. Settlers Race to Build Units in West Bank  NYTimes.com Germans Unfazed by Google Street View Putin aide Sobyanin confirmed as Moscow mayor African Union calls for blockade of Somalia  The African Union sought U.N. approval Thursday for a naval and air blockade of Somalia, as well as more troops and aid to fend off piracy and terrorism in the struggling Horn of Africa nation. Cuban dissident wins top EU rights prize Assange slams Wired for misinformation re WikiLeaks North Korea ready for third nuclear test, say reports | World news | guardian.co.uk 'Viva Palestina' activists deliver tons of aid to Gaza Strip  Most of the activists arrived at the Egyptian port ElArish on flights from Syria, while just 30 activists made the journey with the aid supplies by ship.  Coalition Routs Taliban in Southern Afghanistan The Rise of the Green Party in Germany Why France and Britain are looking for new ways of combining their shrinking armed forces Crocodile on plane kills 19 passengers Moon Not Only Has Water, but Lots of It Haiti At least 138 people dead, 1,500 infected in its first cholera outbreak for almost a century Al Jazeera first to release WikiLeaks Iraq files US military order not to investigate Iraqi torture. Vatican Banking Fraud Probe Widens Church 'Astonished' It Must Adhere to Money Laundering Laws A Belgian woman convicted of murdering her fellow skydiver and love rival by sabotaging her parachute has been jailed for 30 years. Iraq The War Logs  Massive leak reveals serial detainee abuse and 15,000 unknown civilian deaths  'Staggering' global wealth disparity 
1,000 billionaires worldwide, but average income is $10,000. A small airliner crashed into a house, killing a British pilot and 19 others after a crocodile smuggled into the aircraft in a sports bag escaped and started a panic. Google under fire for using tax loopholes to save $3bn  Israeli Taliban Torch Palestinian Girls' School, Destroy Olive Trees   Israeli squatters just set fire to the store room of a Palestinian girls school...The Israeli illegals left behind graffiti saying regards from the hills. Wikileaks' US docs include assertion that 3 US hikers 
were in Iraq when seized by Iran. UStrained cartel terrorises Mexico  Founders of the Zetas drug gang learned special forces techniques at Ft. Bragg before waging a campaign of carnage. Enraged BBC Newsman Destroys Protester's Sign Leaked Letter Exposes Sarkozys Repressive AntiPiracy Agenda Ugandan gays attacked after being 'outedy newspaper David Kelly, UK weapons inspector who was source of BBC's 'sexed up' report on Iraq WMD, died of selfinflicted wounds, previously secret files reveal Nuclear submarine 'HMS Astute' runs aground  Indonesian officials have admitted its soldiers tortured several Papuan men, after footage being circulated online showed the men being beaten and humiliated.  ExFlorida State University football player may become the first American in 16 years to be caned in Singapore after he overstayed his visa

 BBC's political editor Nick Robinson loses temper with antiwar protester  grabs his sign to stamp on it [video] Watching the Watchers  Al Qaeda's bold new strategy is all about using our own words and actions against us. And it's working. The paradox of blinking | China's rising global power has attracted relatively little opposition, mainly because China has wisely kept a low profile. Confrontation with Japan may signal a new and more reckless approach Myanmar gets new flag, official name, anthem Britain ConDem government to roll back social gains won since WWII Why is Saudi Arabia stockpiling US weapons? Open for business the brothel with 1,800 prostitutes I give the girls breakfast, lunch and dinner and they get to keep whatever they make. Do you call that exploitation?  Another crash, this time in the currency markets occurred after hours on Friday  DXZ Flash Crash Detonates Entire Currency Complex BBC News  Excerpts Wikileaks Iraq war logs Mexico Gunmen Kill 13, Wound 15, at Party in Ciudad Juarez France Shutdown Over Retirement Age Battle  
Workers are enraged that Sarkozy is reneging on his campaign promise to not raise retirement age.  The European extreme right is peddling Islamic hatred from France to Denmark, from Italy to Sweden. A UN human rights rapporteur says continued settlement construction will probably make Israel's occupation of Palestinian land irreversible. Iraq war logs US spy balloons blew towards Iran | World news | guardian.co.uk Under pressure from the government, the French Senate voted Friday to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62, a victory for President Nicolas Sarkozy after days of street rage, acrimonious debate and strikes that dried up the supply of gasoline across the country. Haiti is in trouble again deadly cholera outbreak has killed 196 already Is Turkey turning its back on the West?  No. But it might if Europe and America cannot come to terms with its success  Cuba unveils new tax code for small business This October Has 5 Fridays, Saturdays, & Sundays, But That Happens Way More Often Than Once Every 823 Years China manipulates currency value, world responds by promising not to retaliate. Darkskinned Swedes live in fear of racist gunman WikiLeaks Founder on the Run, Chased by Turmoil (an interesting New York Times article on Julian Assange). Gaza hardliners launch arson attack on family leisure park  Hamas government is accused of turning a blind eye to crackdown on behaviour in the city by Islamic extremists The European Court of Human Rights ruled Thursday that Russia had violated the rights of gay activists by refusing to allow them to openly protest, and ordered the government to pay a fine and damages amounting to about $40,000. Brazil Enjoying a Growing Number of Potential Housing Buyers Europe Spending Itself to Death  Nicolas Sarkozy's problems in France are a foretaste of fundamental challenges to Western democracies the inability to govern with growing sovereign debt. Death toll rises from Haitian cholera outbreak BBC News  Child contact vetting system set for major review BBC News  Mexico gunmen kill 12 young people at party Not as much a war as an attempt to keep control over a playground where the bullies have automatic weapons and high explosives.  Does anyone see any way that this situation can be won? Albanian Muslims saved 2,000 Jews during World War II because of a code of faith and honor called Besa Wikileaks UN calls for US to investigate torture claims revealed in leaked reports  The United Nations has called for the US to investigate whether its officials knew about alleged torture and other illtreatment of detainees held by Iraqi security forces. Explicit sex books help drop Uganda's HIV rate. Local authors tell it like it is. What did Ireland get wrong, Rupert? For the past decade Dublin has followed all the advice proffered by neoliberal economists and wealthy businessmen like Murdoch. Military privatisation running amok A convoy of Blackwater guards shot up a civilian Iraqi vehicle, then fired shots over the heads of a group of US soldiers before speeding away in their armoured truck. When the dust cleared, the Iraqi driver was dead and his wife and daughter were injured... 98% of the funds donated to Netanyahu came from abroad Outrage, Applause, Indifference  US Reacts to WikiLeaks Iraq Documents Israelis fired 308 bullets at Gaza bound aid ship  WikiLeaks Iraq war logs Nick Clegg calls for investigation of abuse claims  Any suggestions that the rules of war have been broken or torture condoned are 'extremely serious', says deputy PM. Iran has been giving Hamid Karzai bags, literally plastic bags, stuffed full of cash. Apache helicopter (Crazy Horse 18) fired missiles at two bongo trucks, killing 6 people and wounding one Well, it's their fault for bringing their kids to a battle, joked a pilot after hearing that a young girl was among his victims Grameen Bank and `microcredit' The `wonderful story' that never happened Islamophobia Spawns Crooked, MultiMillion Dollar Industry To Capitalize On HypedUp Fear The Secret Iraq Files Al Jazeera has obtained access to almost 400,000 classified American documents. Torture, claims of murder at the checkpoint  revelations that make a mockery of the rules of combat. This special programme reveals the truth about the war in Iraq A Birthday Party Is The Latest Site Of Bloodshed In Ciudad Juarez. Article Includes Picture Of The Carnage Cleanup Effort. Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Torture Widespread in Iraqi Detention Facilities The new slaves Children forced to work as farm labourers Haiti cholera epidemic hits capital 
 Taiwanese woman 'will marry herself due to social pressure' How China's Censor Machine Works Julian Assange awarded Sam Adams Award for Integrity Rubbish riots in Naples (with fireworks!) Mexico 13 dead in massacre at Ciudad Juarez party France The movement is far from over; Olivier Besancenot defends mass mobilisations to defeat Sarkozy Iraqi PM personally ran secret army squad Afghanistan's President Karzai admits that his office receives $2 million a year in cash from Iran, which he uses for presidential expenses.  Says that he expects it to continue.  He says that the US also provides him with bags of money. Twothirds of the West African nation of Benin  one of the poorest in the world  is under water! WikiLeaks taunts Pentagon with server mirrors in USA  Hosting with Amazon AWS IDF put a Palestinian peace activist behind bars for 9 months based on solely on the testimony of a mental disabled man (a man whom, using interrogation, contradicted himself multiple times and also confessed to crimes he obviously didn't commit.)  Once in court the charges where thrown out. Torture, killing, children shot  and how the US tried to keep it all quiet Apache attack's child victims speak out Cockpit video of gunship attack that killed 19 and gravely injured two children Afghan leader Hamid Karzai confirms report of cash payments from Iran 7.7magnitude quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra island The next emperor China prepares for political succession; and why the west should be wary. Sherpa Who Scaled Mt. Everest 19 Times Is Feared Dead After Hit by Avalanche Cholera outbreak spreads to Haiti capital Iraq protester throws shoes at Australia former prime minister John Howard, live on television (incl video) Nicolas Sarkozy most unpopular French president in more than 50 years New Zealand protests to keep The Hobbit. Thousands of New Zealanders have taken to the streets to demand that two films in the Hobbit franchise continue filming in New Zealand. Facts don't matter, just pander to 'yellow peril' and scare the shit out of American workers. First rule of Afghan War Watch where you step Iraq war logs British blunder may have let alQaida kingpin Zarqawi go free  Debt, the public's burden  Once deeply in debt, Hume said, governments almost always go deeper to escape the consequences of earlier excesses.  Zambian miners shot by Chinese managers Secret AntiPiracy Negotiations, 3 Strikes, And a Taxpayer Funded Campaign   Massive magnitude 7.5 quake in the Kepulanuan Mentawai region, Indonesia. Atlantic Wire Summary of the impact of the WikiLeaks War Logs U.N. urged to freeze climate geoengineering projects 'Child cancer skyrocketing in Iraqi city'. Leukemia (a type of blood cancer) among children under 15 has increased by about four times, said Dr. Janan Hasan of the hospital inaugurated on Thursday in the southern port city of Basra. Works from Iran's Underground Art Scene Iceland turns from banks to freedom of speech. Iceland wants companies from around the world to set up their servers there and publish material online without the fear of ruinous lawsuits or censorship. WikiLeaks Files Show Torture, Civilian Deaths and Contractor Abuses [Commentary] Sarkozy's Perfect Storm  The French are not just protesting to stop the retirement age from being raised. They are also fighting to save their country from government sleaze and the dismantling of democracy. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ordered a 
government takeover of the local unit of U.S. 
owned glass manufacturer OwensIllinois Inc. Tariq Aziz sentenced to death by hanging The British military has been training interrogators in techniques that include threats, sensory deprivation and enforced nakedness in breach of the Geneva conventions Iran loads fuel into its first nuclear reactor Henry Morgentaler, a physician and Auschwitz survivor, ran a decadeslong campaign to legalize abortion in Canada. After prison, persecution and death threats, he won. Film Of What Is Reported To Be Settlers Setting Fire To Palestinian Vehicles In Qusra Sherpa Who Scaled Mt. Everest 19 Times Is Feared Dead After Hit by Avalanche | Updates as of 10/26/2010 112 Dead, 500 Missing after 7.7 Earthquake Triggers Tsunami in Indonesia | Videos | Photos Former British PM, Tony Blair, 'to be called back' to Iraq war inquiry to answer questions about 'gaps' in his evidence Israel is relieved not to be the only war criminal  The voice of joy, the voice of rejoicing is heard in Israel The Americans and British have also committed for war crimes, not only us.
 Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Obama Administration Handed Over Detainees Despite Reports of Torture Syrian Prez US creates chaos in every place it enters  Is Afghanistan stable? Is Somalia stable? Did they bring stability to Lebanon in 1983? Assad asked, referring to US intervention in Lebanon's 15year civil war that ended in 1990. At least 103 people were killed and 150 others were missing after a 7.7magnitude earthquake struck off Sumatra on Monday and triggered a tsunami Report Wartorn states (Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia) are still the most corrupt in the world. Some countries have become more corrupt in the past year, particularly, Hungary, Italy and the US. Scottish citizens finally have the right to legal counsel before being questioned by police.  Powerful earthquake in Indonesia. Tsunami strikes village Tariq Aziz, Saddam Hussein's former deputy prime minister, has been sentenced to death for role in eliminating religious parties Russia's military could be drawn back into Afghanistan for the first time since the Red Army was forcibly expelled by USbacked mujahideen fighters in 1989 Students aim to bolster French protests British Gov to relax immigration laws to attract top talent, will likely decimate the UK IT industry. More than 9.8 million people are held in penal
institutions throughout the world. Almost half of these are in the US (2.29m), Russia (0.89m) or China (1.57m) [pdf] Slovenia elects its first black mayor WikiLeaks ready to drop a bombshell on Russia. But will Russians get to read about it? Colombia's President says Prop 19 could revise the global strategy toward drugs Thirty Congolese women on the border of Angola and Congo were held in a dungeonlike prison and systematically raped by uniformed men Japan's young men seek a new path Gorbachev Nato victory in Afghanistan impossible Argentina's former president, Nestor Kirchner, has 
died, after reportedly suffering a heart attack. A high school teacher who says she has been abused on a social networking website by her pupils has called for the sites to become accountable for defamation as newspapers are Think you've had a hard day? Volcano, tsunami and earthquake kill hundreds in Indonesia . . . Thousands Join Massive Protest in Romania  Ten of thousands of Romanians have joined largescale protests in Bucharest against austerity measures, as the countrys government prepares to face a noconfidence vote in parliament. GlaxoSmithKline ordered to pay out $96 million to 
whistleblower UN Statement on Wikileaks Iraq files A Globalized God | Organised religion on the rise around the world. Cause and effect of globalisation. Pentecostalism, Islam spreading fastest. Growing role in international relations, as religion shapes national foreign policies EU plans to clamp down on carbon trading scam Spanish prostitutes ordered to wear reflective vests for their own safety Leading antiapartheid campaigner and Nobel Peace Price winner Desmond Tutu begs singers to call off Israel tour  South African Times 70,000 people in Myanmar are homeless in wake of cyclone Dual disasters in Indonesia [pics] France Riots Over Pension Reforms While Americans Lose Their Homes in Record Numbers With Hardly any Protest I pity the nation that needs to jail those who ask for justice Arundhati Roy Somalia seen as most corrupt nationUS slips out of top 20 least corrupt Israeli MP cancels visit to Spain fearing arrest  Avi Dichter was head of Shin Bet when a Hamas leader was assassinated in an attack which killed 15 Palestinians, including 11 children  Arab News The politics of Egypt's feeble statistics | Authoritarian governments across Middle East, notably in Egypt, see national statistics as dangerous. Rulers want freedom to lie. Transparency leads to public debate, demands for accountability. UK should not put up with US airport security  BA chairman Tariq Aziz, Saddam's former Foreign Minister, has been sentenced to death, but is the decision justice or vengeance? Bin Laden threatens France The way to preserve your security is to end all aspects of your injustices against our Muslim nation, the most important of which is for you to withdraw from Bush's loathed war in Afghanistan.  No terror arrests in 100,000 police counterterror searches. Germany's role in the world Will Germany now take centre stage? | The Economist Rebellion against 'redundant' airline security rules grows The Australian government just got caughtflying  Afghan fighters allied to Matiullah Khan back to Australia for military training. Thats Matiullah Khan, the notorious warlord the Dutch forces accused of murder and extortion. Iraq War Logs Reveal Details of Dubious Apache Attacks Israeli Rabbi Don't Sell Housing Or Land To NonJews  Selling a house or land in Israel to anyone who is not Jewish is forbidden, Shas spiritual leader Rabbi Ovadia Yosef said during a Thursday morning halacha lesson.  	

Famed writer faces arrest for remarks 
Arundhati Roy has expressed opinions in favor of Kashmiri separatism. Wikileaks Iraq War Logs 15,000 New Civilian Deaths Uncovered in Leaked Files In another life, she might be a university student or a farm girl. Here, she is a prostitute servicing Chinese men in a drugriddled city on the ChinaMyanmar border. Almost 30,000 people have died in drugrelated killings across Mexico over the past four years. Surging price of oil forces US military to seek 
alternative energy sources Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Hundreds of Civilians Gunned Down at Checkpoints Vladimir Putin's lack eye' sparks rumours. Why WikiLeaks and the Pentagon Papers are not the same  Zimbabwe Destitution and fear among remaining White farmers  A handful of Zimbabwes remaining white farmers say security in the commercial farms was deteriorating at an alarming rate following the brutal murder of former Zimbabwe Tobacco Association head and top tobacco grower Jobus Joubert. Bin Laden threatens France The equation is very clear and simple as you kill, you will be killed; as you take others hostages, you will be taken hostages; as you waste our security we will waste you waste your security,  NZ town evacuated after dynamite find Sweden alarmed by series of 'racist' shootings The Death of Former Argentine President Nestor Kirchner Opens Political Vacuum in Argentina Foreclosure in Spain Can Mean Lifetime Debt to the Bank Mohammed is now the most popular name for baby boys born in UK ahead of Jack and Harry   Somali Islamists publicly execute 2 teenager spy girls In Icy Tip of Afghanistan, War Seems Remote  NYTimes.com The Iron Chancellor in the Euro Trap Haiti cholera outbreak Did aid organizations fail to stop a disease that has sickened thousands? Cambodians beaten, raped and killed at illegal detention camp funded by UN | World news | The Guardian Germany moves to outlaw forced marriages  A new trade agreement being negotiated behind closed doors by officials from the United States, European Union and other countries could drastically reduce internet freedom. Brazil is the world's biggest exporter of beef, poultry, orange juice and sugar cane. It also supplies a quarter of the world's soybeans. A group of scientists is credited with turning Brazil into the agricultural superpower it is today. When devastating floods hit Pakistan, the world rushed to help. But while the horror has slipped from our TV screens, millions remain stranded Zimbabwe Activists Use $100 Trillion Dollar Notes To Make Flyers Protesting Against Mugabe's Dictatorship [with pics] Earthsized worlds much more common than giant planets Nasa's plan to colonize galaxy. First prototype to take us between worlds to be done in the next few years. Russia's Shiveluch volcano erupts Iraq war logs reveal 15,000 previously unlisted civilian deaths French protesters call for bank run Dec. 7 2010 UN Committee votes overwhelmingly in favour of transparency in Depleted Uranium use Armed men rumbled into a gritty neighborhood of the Mexican capital Thursday and gunned down six men hanging around a convenience store, fueling fears that one of the world's largest cities is falling prey to the cartelstyle violence that has long terrorized other parts of the country Australias central bank chief highlights rise of China. The Reserve Bank governor pointedly referred to the loss of US global economic domination, the 'shift in the world economy's centre of gravity towards Asia' and the rise of China, which is now Australia's top export destination. Soaring above India's poverty, a 27storey home There are nine elevators, a spa, a 50seat theater and a grand ballroom. Hundreds of servants and staff are expected to work inside. And now...after several years of planning and construction, the residents are about to move in. All five of them. Ugandan lawmaker Death penalty for gays will be law soon Time Will End in Five Billion Years, Physicists Predict Iran likely to become a member of new UN Women agency board Four Vietnamese girls whose lives are being changed by the chance to go to school China claims supercomputer crown London Bomb found on Yemen to Chicago cargo flight China says talks with Japan have been 'ruined' Former Aussie PM John Howard It was neither unreasonable nor implausible of the Americans to believe that WMDs possessed by Iraq might, at some time in the future, be handed to a terrorist group for use against the US or others, with horrific consequences. He's not even making the troll face... Wikileaks Iraq War Logs Pentagon Response to Publication of Logs Facing $113 Billion in Potential Damages, Chevron Lawyers Seek Any Opportunity to Delay The evidence clearly shows Chevron used illegal practices that resulted in the massive destruction of the rainforest in Ecuador and the decimation of indigenous groups and other local residents Former Mexican President Vicente Fox on California marijuana legalization 'May God let it pass' Outcasts  inmates of the Black Eagle | Glimpse inside maximumsecurity Russian prison colony for murderers, in Sverdlovsk. Fantastic detail, colour, prisoners' stories. She was drunk, she started insulting me, and I poked a knife in her  If Roman Polanski wanted to make a film in New Zealand, the government would be more than happy to lower the age of consent to 13. MEXICO CITY (AP)  The director of a maximumsecurity federal prison notorious for the escape of Mexico's top kingpin was arrested for alleged ties to drug gangs, authorities said Friday Intercepted device likely a cell phone, photo analysis shows   Young people here are changing their minds and attitudes. No one is harassing us to think one way. Religion is available, and I worship God, but people who are praying and going to the mosque are also playing billiards and going to the coffee shops. Yemen astonished at explosives link In this land of cotton and alfalfa fields, residents live terrified by the drug cartels. People living in Jurez y Reforma have gotten used to seeing killings, kidnappings, houses and shops on fire, and the constant presence of the Mexican army Turkish document defines Israel as 'central threat' Arundhati Roy's controversial speech on the Indian state and the insurgencies across India (crosspost from /r/India) Hondurans Denounce Return of Death Squads. Death squads have reappeared in
Honduras since the June 28, 2009 military coup, and they are targeting
teachers, human rights activist Berta Oliva charged... New North Korea sanctions imposed by Canadian Government Apparently it is more important to save the Greeks and liberated countries than the Indians and there is reluctance either to provide shipping or to reduce stocks in this country, Playboy's Power Games  Colourful, chatty profile of Mikhail Prokhorov, Russian billionaire buyer of New Jersey Nets basketball team. Shows him as superfit, supersmart, modest, funny. Good readespecially for Prokhorov himself! Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard is having a brief meeting with United States secretary of state Hillary Clinton at the East Asia summit in Vietnam. President Obama grants waivers to Chad, the Congo, Sudan, and Yemen, which use child soldiers but are strategically important to the US. The waivers mean military aid will continue. Honduras, August progovernment forces shut down opposition radio, beat journalists, torture and assassinate teachers and members of resistance. The head of Britain's Secret Intelligence Service, popularly known as MI6, has criticized the leaking of secret information. John Sawers also praised his staff for the dangerous and important work they do and said it was important for people to understand why secrecy is not a dirty word. Pak PM Nationalization of educational institutions was blunder  PM Gilani declared that Pakistan Peoples Party had made a blunder in its first government in 1972 by nationalizing tens of thousands of schools and colleges in the country. Text Messages, Radio Warn Haitians Of Cholera Risks   Haneda Airport Reopens to International Flights Sunday Yemen Arrests Woman for Sending Mail Bombs  CBS 
News Turkish Flotilla Peace Group Visits Terrorists and Plays At War The investigation into this week's terror attempts is turning to potential culprits. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Saturday that the parcel bombs sent from Yemen have hallmarks of the militant group alQaida in the Arabian Peninsula.   Jon Stewart's Rally to Restore Sanity in Washington has sparked more than 1,160 minirallies in 84 countries, morphing into something of a global political happening. Amazing Landslide  Brazil In Quest for a 'Legal High,' Chemists Outfox the Law  Eyeopening report on laboratoryadept European entrepreneurs who make and sell synthetic recreational drugs, such as mephedrone, Nopaine. When governments ban a particular drug, makers just change the formula Vietnam has agreed to help supply Japan with rare earths, as Tokyo tries to reduce its dependence on China.
 India A movement spreads to stop rape survivors from being subjected to the indignity of the finger test. Yemen says UPS planes never take off or land in it Iraqi Catholics saved from extremists by Muslim police force. Only 2 survivors remain from Nazi camp Treblinka  They are believed to be the last two survivors of the most chillingly efficient killing machine of the Nazi Holocaust the Treblinka extermination camp in occupied Poland. New Zealand, Denmark and Singapore have the cleanest governments. Iraq and Afghanistan rank near rockbottom out of 178 countries where nearly threequarters of the countries surveyed showed serious corruption problems 103110 Updates 449 Dead, 270 Injured, 96 Missing after 7.7 Earthquake,Tsunami, Two Volcano Eruptions, In Indonesia | Videos | Photos woman busted in Yemen for role in cargo plane bomb plot, was 'set up' Life in Hell Mogadishu mayor works amidst gunfire, struggles to remove garbage and provide lights to a city torn apart by war Suicide bomber wounds 15 in Istanbul Queen's English still rules We say tomato... as does most of the world, says 10 year study Top hacker retires; experts brace for his return  Anonymous Russiabased programer created malicious software used to steal $100m this year. He sold the spyware to criminal gangs, offered 24/7 support. Now he says he's retiring Supporting Palestinian rights on your campus may be labeled discrimination in the near future Iran, Saudi Arabia expected to join new U.N. agency on women Mohammed alShaibah, Air Cargo Director for Yemenia Airways said to Yemen Post, No UPS cargo plane left Yemeni lands over the land 48 hours. These accusations are false and baseless. Yemen Bomb Plot Key Questions Raised Rescue crews find 135 missing people after Indonesia quake  CNN.com Flooding in Central and West Africa has killed over 300 people and displaced hundreds of thousands more. The two sites are an integral part of the occupied Palestinian territories and that any unilateral action by the Israeli authorities is to be considered a violation of international law, the UNESCO Conventions and the United Nations and Security Council resolutions.  UNESCO Dilma Rousseff, Lula's successor, elected first female President of Brazil Honduras Return of Death Squads Killing Opposition Activists, and Teachers  Haiti nine months after the quake Poor tell West, Nothing! Nothing! Weve seen nothing! Australian man saves woman from an attacking Great White by grabbing its tail. As the girl started to sink to the bottom, he grabbed her and brought her to the surface and on board the boat The Danish Peoples Party is looking to ban alJazeera and alArabiya. Experts says other stations are worse. Israel's Labour party threatens to leave coalition  A senior Labour Cabinet minister has insisted that his party will leave Benjamin Netanyahu's coalition government unless the Prime Minister takes the steps necessary to resume direct peace talks with the Palestinians.  Surrey woman jailed for false rape claim Study Alcohol 'most harmful drug,' followed by crack and heroin  CNN.com The loneliest shop in the world  Mulka Store, in Australian outback. Only shop in 70,000 square miles. Run by expoliceman turned anthropologist. Fine stock of medieval armour. Best selection of duelling pistols outside Europe Internet users in China will soon be required to reveal their identities before they surf the web.  Exterminate Iraqi Christians 52 hostages and police were killed when security forces raided a Baghdad church to free more than 100 Iraqi Catholics held by alQaida Baghdad Catholic Massacre Death Toll Reaches 58 (Photos / Video) 2,000 rally in Moscow, demand freedom of assembly UK Gov to force ISPs to police content Israeli soldier jailed over Palestinian prisoner photo Cluster bomb ban begins to work with stockpiles already being destroyed. Just how bad is the Conservative government in Canada  A federal agency that oversees scientific research in polar areas, including work on climate change, has been left leaderless for more than two years by the Harper government. Sex abuse victims march in Rome ForeignFunded U.S. Chamber Of Commerce 
Advocates For Weakening Law Against Bribing 
Foreign Governments 'Jesus had HIV' sermon sparks South African fury How California's Pot Proposition is Agitating Latin America  TIME How digital technology gets the news out of North Korea Canada's Omar Khadr has been sentenced to 40 years behind bars for his war crimes, but will be free in eight because of a plea deal. Mujercito the Cat Leads Chilean Internet Revolution Evacuees cringed and fled for cover Monday as an erupting volcano  one of 22 showing increased activity in Indonesia  let loose booming explosions of hot gas and debris in its most powerful blast in a deadly week Intelligence that helped cracked the ink bomb plot may have come from a leading member of alQaeda in the Arabian Peninsular who turned himself in. HRW The Kimberley Process should not allow the export of further shipments of diamonds from Marange until there is meaningful progress to end smuggling and abuses by the army. Without these kinds of reforms, international consumers risk purchasing blood diamonds. Sacked UK drugs adviser David Nutt in new report Alcohol more harmful than heroin or crack Paris girl survives sixstorey fall unharmed  bounces off cafe awning into arms of passing doctor. Germany bans electronic voting machines. Germany has joined 11 U.S. states, the Netherlands, and other countries which have banned electronic voting of one form or another.CIA expert Electronic voting not secure. In Western Saraha, more than 20,000 Sahrawis have left the cities in a mass protest of Moroccan occupation. Moroccan forces have now blockaded the protest camps barring food, water, medicine and movement, effectively turning them into concentration camps. Israel's Deputy Prime Minister was forced to cancel a trip to London in order to avoid a lawsuit related to his role in the Israeli attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla. Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi claims Better to be passionate about girls than be gay An Iranian woman whose sentence of execution by stoning for adultery provoked a worldwide outcry will instead be hanged for murder on Wednesday Talk to Me Like I'm Stupid Sharia Law in the UK What the French are protesting is Sarkozy's corrupt, antilabor, antidemocracy government North Korea has offered to give samples from its torpedoes to refute claims made by the US and other countries that the rogue communist nation sank the USS Cheonan. Britain and France sign historic 50year defence 
agreement The Justinian Plague, which killed between 4050% of the population of Eastern Roman Empire, which in turn allowed for the Arab take over of the Byzantine provinces, has been found, by geneticists, to have originated in China. Afghan Police Unit Defects to Taliban  Malalai Joya, Afghan female member of parliament who had the courage to publicly denounce the presence of warlords in the Afghan government, now says that for Afghans, Obama is a second Bush. Angela Merkel  Germany Has a Duty to Reduce Massive Debt  Kindle bypasses the Great Firewall  perfect for gaining access to blocked sites for Chinese buyers Rape in Iran's prisons the cruellest torture  Telegraph New easier to pronounce Icelandic volcano may be preparing to erupt.  UK and France agree to joint development and testing of nuclear warheads Virus breakthrough raises hope over ending common cold Saudi journalist to be lashed in public  
Reporter accused of instigating protests at government power company In Indonesia a new law has been passed that
stipulates all babies should be exclusively
breastfed for the first six months of life. From
early next year, anyone who stands in the way
of this will be fined up to 100m rupiah (7,000;
$11,000) and sentenced to up to a year in prison. La Violencia  more on Mexico's drug wars, this time a book extract, always enthralling. My sons had become part of it all, they were among people who would laugh while cutting someones fingers off Japan recalls ambassador over Russia island row Bradistan | British Pakistani writer remembers her childhood in Bradford, northern England. It was obvious that we were here to stay. But that didn't mean here to integrate.  Germany Envio workers contaminated with both PCB and dioxin. The Dortmund pollution scandal has intensified with new evidence of dioxin contamination, as well as the Envio firms business transactions with criminal elements in Kazakhstan.