 Outrage at antiSemitism comparison by Pope preacher They're sitting in the papal palace, they're experiencing a little discomfort, and they're going to compare themselves to being rounded up or lined up and sent in cattle cars to Auschwitz? said Peter Isely. You cannot be serious. ' Catholic Church abuse hotline in Germany melts down on first day as 4,000 people phone in...' This is going to go down like a bomb in USA! Russia and Venezuela announce nuclear union' The heroin epidemic advancing on Russia' Iraqi artists denied entry to Britain for their own exhibition' New Zealand government suspends democracy until 2013' Vatican waited years to defrock Arizona priest There's no doubt that Ratzinger delayed the defrocking process of dangerous priests who were deemed 'satanicy their own bishop.' S Africa farright leader Terreblanche 'killed' Hugo Chvez arrests critics; locks up judges who give unfavorable opinions.  ' UK Government drugs advisor quits over criminalisation of mephedrone. He is the 7th to resign since David Nutt was sacked.' Church in Ireland has lost all its credibility, says Archbishop of Canterbury' Muslims & Christians Take Turns at Slaughter in Nigeria' Even in France, which is mulling banning the burka, many see the step as a curtailment of religion. Others see it as speaking to fears of Islamic radicalism.' Rescuers Enter Chinese Mine Where 153 Are Trapped' Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Saturday warned Israel against launching a fresh assault on the Gaza Strip, saying such action would bring it closer to certain death.' Pakistan parliament degrades presidential powers, strengthening its democracy' The Niqab(Burka) Obsession ' Israel arrests soldier and gags media in militant assassination coverup ' Chinese malefemale disparity? No problem... Just go to Vietnam! (Chinadaily)' In postGoogle China, censorship is unfazed' Instead of facing trial, war criminal lives like king' Mugabe and Tsvangirai reject rights for gay people in new Zimbabwe Charter. Mugabe says gays worse than cats and dogs, and it seems as if Tsvangirai tacitly agrees.' Japanese district mayor in Tokyo, goes on paternity leave  the first local government leader ever to do so! ' Did Hezbollah Kill Hariri? | A new tribunal is digging up old secrets about the Lebanese prime minister's assassination. And no one is likely to be happy with the results. WaPo Wants Immunity for War Crimes  Attacking another country... is the most serious crime on the books. If, as all serious studies suggest, over a million people have been killed by the invasion and occupation of Iraq, then there have been over a million murders.' Legal immunity cannot hold. The Vatican should feel the full weight of international law' When scandal hits Israel, the Israeli government muzzles the entire press Iranstyle.  A reporter is jailed and Israeli press risks being shut down simply for reporting on the story.  The IDF chose to disobey a court order and Israeli law by killing instead of arresting a Palestinian. ' Pure Racism A group of Swedes who were on their way to Israel for a field trip with a peace initiative was stopped at the airport in Tel Aviv on Friday.3 persons with Palestinian background was interrogated for 8 hours before they were rejected  but the 4 with jewish background were admitted.' India buys $7B in Arms from Russia' Japan Indicts AntiWhaling Activist' S. African white supremecist Afrikaans Resistance Movement leader bludgeoned and hacked to death while taking a nap... by his own employees.' A top member of a South African white supremacist group said Sunday that the slaying of their leader was a declaration of war by blacks against whites, as the president appealed for calm amid growing racial tensions in the once whiteled country.' Catholic Cardinal the Roman Catholic faithful will not be swayed by petty gossip about child sexabuse allegations.' North Korea's Kim may have entered China report  In a gesture of goodwill to UN SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon, Defense Minister Ehud Barak has approved the rare transfer of large amounts of cement, shoes and clothing to the Gaza Strip' Pope's Immunity from Prosecution May Be Challenged Hamid Karzai 'If you and the international community pressure me more, I swear that I am going to join the Taliban' Rise of Hungary's farRight Jobbik party stirs disturbing echoes of the 1940s Wall of water could engulf ShangriLa' Death penalty decreasing worldwide' Now that India's children have a right to receive at least eight years of education, the gnawing question is whether it will remain on paper or become a reality. Muslims disrupt Antwerp speech by Flemish/Dutch writer Benno Barnard' Three explosions reported in Baghdad' senior cardinal has said the Roman Catholic faithful will not be swayed by petty gossip about child sexabuse allegations' A Dubai appeals court  on Sunday upheld a onemonth prison sentence for a British couple convicted of kissing in a restaurant.' Public editor rebukes International Herald Tribune for agreeing to restrain news coverage of Lee family, paying damages for a single glancing reference. Suggests pulling out of Singapore' At least 30 killed as triple car bomb hits Baghdad' Can the Pope be forced to step down? ' The iPad Gets Jailbreaked In Less Then 24 hours.' Crucifix banned at hospital where Muslims allowed to wear headscarves' Wikileaks has released the announced video showing the deaths of Iraqi civilians and two Reuters journalists.' 6.9 Earthquake just hit in Mexico' WikiLeaks is planning to release video of an Afghan massacre and the subsequent coverup this morning at 900 AM at the National Press Club. Will they make it?' Collateral Murder  Wikileaks video showing coverup of murder of civilians and journalists through US forces in Iraq' Finally!! The BBC covers the posting of the wikileaks 'killing' video. Great Barrier Reef rammed by Chinese coal ship' With the release of the Wikileaks video, the frontpage of CNN has Tiger Woods and the frontpage of AlJazeera English has the Wikileaks video.' not a single case where we have...hurt someone has it turned out that the vehicle had a suicide bomb or weapons in it and, in many cases, had families in it... We've shot an amazing number of people and killed a number and, to my knowledge, none has proven to have been a real threat to the force.' U.S. Admits Role in Killing of Afghan Women  NYTimes.com' Nato kills women in Afghanistan; denies when asked about it; finally admits to it when overwhelmed with evidence' Israeli Settlers Attack Palestinian Resident, Throw Acid At Him' If you cant access youtube right now. Here is the transcript of the wikileaks video.' The 2 main UK political parties, who are for the Digital Economy Bill, have broken their own rules.' So far Al Jazeera is the only news network to pick up the  Collateral Murder story. It will be interesting to see if this becomes a watershed or a whisper.' MSNBC Panel discusses Wikileaks' Collateral Murder Videomore videos to be released.' Photo Essay photographer enters North Korea by posing as a businessman looking to open a chocolate factory. ' Wikileaks releases video of journalist's murder Missing link between man and apes found' China rescues 114 from flooded mine' Satellite timelapse photography captures today's earthquake kicking up plumes of dust in Mexico. BBC News  WikiLeaks posts 'killing' video Secret tape reveals Tory backing for ban on gays' Wikileaks video shows helicopter footage in iraq of civilians and reporters being identified as hostiles and gunned down. Scary shit' South Africas ruling party ANC is planning Zimbabwestyle land invasions of white farmers after the FIFA 2010 World Cup' US special forces 'tried to coverupotched Khataba raid in Afghanistan Shouldn't we be more outraged about how we were lied to, and about how Wikileaks was almost silenced before they published this video? MSNBC Blocking Searches for Wikileaks' Wikileaks founder on MSNBC We have more tapes, including killing of 97 civilians in Afghanistan, will release soon' Hi Reddit, I don't know how to get upvoted, but I leave you a few pictures of the 7.2 earthquake in my hometown city of Mexicali, Baja California The family of the murdered Reuters photographer video burst into tears last night as they saw the leaked video for the first time.' An independent, expert assessment of the Wikileaks footage by veteran Anthony Martinez The point at which I cannot support the actions of Crazyhorse 18, at all, comes when the van arrives somewhere around 945 and is engaged.' I believe youve killed the church, Holy Father  Only a morally bankrupt Pope could call news of his role in a child abuse coverup petty gossip.' Magnitude 7.8 quake shakes Indonesia' Greenwald Iraq slaughter not an aberration' On Thursday the World Bank votes on whether to grant  a South African state owned utility a $3.75bn loan, a large chunk of which is used to finance contracts with a company which is a front for the ruling ANC party.  Please help expose this corruption so that the World Bank makes the right decision.' 70 killed as Maoists ambush Indian CRPF team  The Times of India' Democracy Now In depth coverage of Wikileaks Video' North Korean Red Star operating system details emerge' Wayne Leary Hero Father saves 10year old daughter by pushing her away from a speeding car and dies instead' Nigerian police fail at irony, kill protestors against  cop brutality' this really confirms what weve said all along that a transparent investigation of this incident hasnt taken place and needs to  Iraqis respond to Collateral Murder' It took a couple of days for a reporter to find someone in El Paso to escort her to Jurez, Mexico, where drugrelated crime has been raging recently. When she finally did, this is what she saw.' Map made by Reuters of the events leading up to the Collateral Murder video' At least 72 Indian soldiers killed in Maoist ambushes' The sex abuse scandal facing Catholics looks a lot like the Watergate. Is the Catholic Church on a similar pathway to the resignation of a pope?' Gordon Brown calls 6 May general election' Canadian researchers have uncovered a vast 'shadow network' of online espionage based in China  that used seemingly harmless means such as email and Twitter to extract highly sensitive data from computers around the world.    Weird World Of Waziristan  nRambling but always interesting account of social change in Afghanistan, especially 1920s modernisation under King Amanullah. Historic embedded video includes Mullah Omar with prophet's cloakn US fight Taliban with heavy metal music' Mother of children wounded in Apache attack that killed their father had to sell her home, this video shows she and her children' Kyrgyz Protests against high gas prices and overall government corruption, I'm in Bishkek now...just ran home to escape gun fire... 7.8 earthquake hits Indonesia  Tsunami warnings issued' Military says they can't find its copy of the video of journalists getting killed yet another reason why we all need wikileaks Thrill of the chaste The truth about Gandhi's sex life Just got a chance to watch the unedited wikileaks video.  Why are the pedestrians that get killed with the missiles not getting more attention?' N.Y. Times, Weekly Standard join in a falsehood   WikiLeaks failed to release the full video and  instead selectively edited it' For the past 15 years, Israel has been channeling hundreds of millions of shekels it had collected in the West Bank into its state coffers when it was supposed to go to the Palestinians.' I'll stop Google taking our news for nothing, says defiant Miserable Old Git Palestinians Try a Less Violent Path to Resistance  Nonviolent protests in the Palestinian areas' 17 dead in Kyrgyzstan antgovernment protests.' Egypt riot police break up prodemocracy rally' Over 70% of Israelis support a 2state solution living side by side with the Palestinians in peace.  And a lot of other interesting statistics too.' Catholic Church child abuse scandal continues to grow, bishop in Norway admits abuse after being exposed in media' Lawsuit Chiquita Brands funded death squads in Colombia' When are you people going to get it!? The United States is protecting the Opium fields in the middle east. This isn't a war against terror  it's a war for money. British redditors, the Digital Economy Bill has passed its second reading, and awaits its final reading tonight. Does this mean we're fucked? Turkish PM Israel is the main threat to Mideast peace' Disturbing video of extreme aggression in the Brussels subway. The 22yearold victim's neck is broken and he is now in a coma. Rio de Janeiro flooding death toll surpasses 100 ' Russia's 'Black Widows' Terrorism or Family Revenge? Would this ever happen in America? Two British marines discharged after hitting Afghan prisoner with a rubber boot.' Report Shit hitting fan in Kyrgyzstan.' Israeli general arrested running organtrafficking ring.' Kageyama Asako Marines Go Home AntiBase Activism in Okinawa, Japan and Korea' North Korea sentences US citizen, who entered country illegally through China, to 8 years of prison and a fine of $700,000.' Crisis in Kyrgyzstan [pics]' 189 to 47. Your MPs didn't give a shit. Digital Economy Bill passed. Six men arrested in Israel for organ traffic IDF brigadiergeneral among them' Excellent overview of the Digital Economy Bill, and what it means for UK citizens. TL;DR Yep, still fucked.' UK Digital Economy Bill provokes anger at political 'stitchup' The Armenian Genocide and the Turks  The month of April marks the 95th anniversary of the start of the Armenian genocide. An unusual television documentary shows what motivated the murderers and why Germany, and other countries, remained silent.' British Army builds fake Mosques on its firing range.' Why do Finland's schools get the best results? Nazia Quazi, a 24year old Canadian/Indian woman with a CS degree, has been trapped against her will in Saudi Arabia by her abusive father for 2 years.' The opposition in Kyrgyzstan says it has dissolved parliament and taken power, after a bloody uprising forced the president to flee the capital' BBC Journalist thrown out of South African press conference with the words Don't come here with that white tendency, go out bastard, bloody agent. ' BBC News  US President Barack Obama and the Russian leader, Dmitry Medvedev, are due to sign a landmark nuclear arms treaty in the Czech capital, Prague.' My (former) intern and (forever) friend is in the middle of the Kyrgyzstan Crisis.  Here is his report.' New landslip hits Rio de Janeiro dead toll has risen to 150, dozens of people remain unaccounted for after the heaviest rains in decades' Airline considers fee for lavatory use ' Axing came out of blue, says radio psychic' Israel gag order lifted Israeli reporter is revealed to be accused of espionage for giving Haaretz newspaper topsecret information' Wikileaks Excellent interview with local witnesses made the day after the 2007 attack on civilians (forward to 1340). According to locals the man that was run over by the Bradley to the sound of chopper pilots laughing, was still alive.' A recent example is the US air force video, which it published, noted Hemming. Copyright exists with the US Government, who under the Bill could, and would want to, apply to ban WikiLeaks from the UK. That provision is clearly in the Bill. Welcome to Oceania.' 1963 letter shows former pope knew of abuse' NATO Admits U.S. Forces Killed Innocent Pregnant Women in Afghanistan' Qatari Diplomat Arrested as Shoe Bomber, Causes Massive Terror Panic inflight air marshall grew suspicious and asked why the bathroom smelled of smoke, Modadi mockingly retorted that he was trying to set his shoes on fire' Reuters staff unhappy by Reuters coverage of killings' UK MPs Chavs 'should not get benefits' Gold Fraud Bombshell Canada's Only Bullion Bank Gold Vault Is Practically Empty...WTF?! I don't know about you, but I can't trust Reddit to be my aggregator of political/world news. Iraq War Vet We Were Told to Just Shoot People, and the Officers Would Take Care of Us' The 'Full Version' of The Wikileaks Video Is Missing 30 Minutes of Footage bottled water  its a racket' Yemen child bride leeds to death' U.S. woman returns adopted son to Russia by putting him on a plane with a letter reading, in part, I no longer wish to parent this child' Two British policemen jailed for cruelty against woman in custody' Israeli PM says he won't go to Nuclear Summit  Man goes to Dubai, poses as a top U.S. plastic surgeon and proceeds to perform numerous botched kitchen table cosmetic surgeries.  Now he has been arrested.  This is Dubai we're talking about.  I just wonder what part do you get cut off for this offense?' The copyright battle now concerns us all. Draft text confirms reports of world body to oversee copyright, intellectual property' Bangladesh, High Court You can not impose the veil on women' Bishop in the Catholic Church admits the church has an archive of abusive priests. Says he is considering sharing it with the police but reminds us that the church is above the law. Reason for not coming forward sooner? It was said under confession..' As democracy unravels at home, the west thuggishly exports it elsewhere' Legal fight over Plumpy'nut, the hunger wonderproduct  Al Qaeda threatens to attack World Cup Football finals' Wikileaks predicted it would be accused of editorializing for calling the Apache footage murder; take a closer look at the Orwell quote that opens the edited version; it's from an Orwell essay entitled Politics and the English Language'  tnnRatzinger 'stalled pedophile case' nAP obtains letter signed by future Pope discouraging action against priest. Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has cancelled a visit to the US where he was to attend a summit on nuclear security, Israeli officials say.' Digital Economy Bill  tell the rightsholders we'll see them in court.  Talk Talk (UK ISP)' After a twoyear battle that has killed more than 5,000 people, Mexico's most powerful kingpin now controls the coveted trafficking routes through Ciudad Juarez. That conclusion by U.S. intelligence adds to evidence that Joaquin El Chapo Guzman's Sinaloa cartel is winning Mexico's drug war.' Thailand's redshirt protesters occupy TV station  The True Inside Story of the Catastrophic Mexican Drug Wars' Kyrgyzstan a Russian revolution?  Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin moved quickly today to recognise the new powersthatbe in Kyrgyzstan while disavowing any role in the overthrow of President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's regime. Family found living in a filthy twostorey house with 600 free roaming rabbits, a cat and dog. Nearly all of the rabbits have been euthanized so far.' Japan's debt problem Sleepwalking toward disaster The AP has obtained a letter penned in 1985 by the future pope, resisting calls to defrock a childmolesting priest because doing so would harm the good of the universal church.' UN urged to accept 'ecocide' as international crime. The proposal would declare mass destruction of ecosystems a crime on a par with genocide Colombia jails pedophile Catholic priest' Oil found on the coast of Ireland that could supply them for 12 years' The guy who was driven over in the wikileaks video was still alive when they cut his body in two parts. I hope all of you who condoned the behavior of these retards feel ashamed.' Cartoon of priest fellating Christ on the cross makes German mag cover' Plane crashed with polish President on board' The rapid acidification of the oceans directly caused by anthropogenic CO2 is an equal or greater threat to the world than warming, scientific study finds' Tragedy in Smolensk  The symbolism of the tragedy to many Poles is almost unbearable.  In 1943 General Sikorski died in a plane crash. Many Poles believe that he was murdered because of his resolute determination to expose the Katyn massacrewhich the Soviet Union blamed on the Germans.' Iceland's new poor line up for food  Kyrgyzstan's head reveals overthrown president left only $80m in the budget Photo gallery of Polish politicians who died in plane crash.' Thailand Japanese cameraman fatally shot in clashes between troops and Red Shirts' A Swedish neoNazi is on trial in Poland for stealing the Arbeit Macht Frei from Auschwitz.  Ironically, he's facing 10 years for the effort.' The Israel Defense Forces' license to kill leaked documents reveal IDF assasinations of Palestinians in defiance of Israeli High Court decision outlawing them Another pedophilia scandal rocks Vatican' Report in the Lancet says that developing nations slash health funding if sent aid' Please Reddit  what is happening in this Mexican narco vid?  Are these officers getting coked up, or a gang?  Need Spanish speaker' Spanish judge faces charges for investigating crimes of the fascist regime' Death toll from contagious disease in China doubles' Some security personnel were seen throwing downntheir shields and riot gear and shaking hands withnthe protesters' Probably the worst strike in the world  Carlsberg workers protest free beer at work ban' Pope Benedict accused of delaying unfrocking of sex abuse priest' Vatican defends Pope in paedophile letter row' China's March deficit shows currency not cause of trade imbalance spokesman Muslim staff escape NHS hospital hygiene rule' UN judge calls for prosecution of Pope Benedict' New Research Sheds Light on Soviet Plans for World War III  The significance of a massive Communistera bunker in the former East Germany. Was it to be used as a command post in the event of a Soviet invasion of Western Europe? Europe was closer to the nuclear abyss than was previously believed.' Even in death, African gays are still abused' I Was Hacked in Beijing  most foreign journalists have come to assume our phone conversations are monitored. We have learned to remove our cellphone SIM cards when meeting dissidents. At the office, we often reflexively lower our voices when discussing politically sensitive topics.' 'Cure' is found for skin cancer, claim scientists Turkey says that the world is turning a blind eye to Israel's nuclear weapons Road rage against selfdeclared VIP in Moscow ' South Korea enforces first ban on abortions' Australia to prosecute over Barrier Reef ship crash' Richard Dawkins Ratzinger ... should remain in charge of the whole rotten edifice  the whole profiteering, womanfearing, guiltgorging, truthhating, childraping institution  while it tumbles ... about his ears.' Vladimer Putin expresses his deep feelings about the Polish tragedy.' 'Devil horns' grandmother now quite enjoying her horns Pakistan May Have Secretly Freed Captured Taliban Leaders' 19 dead, over 800 injured as protesters and military units clashed in Thailand' IDF order will enable mass deportation from West Bank   Haaretz' Apartheid in Israel tens of thousands of Palestinians to be evicted from the occupied West Bank' How Ironical...  Viva Palestine Hero beaten by....  They called me a filthy Kaffir said Galloway, and shouted that no one should shake the 'filthy Kaffir's hand' .  ' Israel's military has issued new orders that could lead to the expulsion of tens of thousands of Palestinians from the West Bank. Eugenics  the newest American export' Royal maids are up in arms after being roped in to work evenings, on top of their day jobs, for no extra pay.' Israeli nuclear arsenal 100 to 300 warheads, almost equal to Britain' The Chinese government increasingly employs people to peddle its views online' Wikileaks on US massacre fear CIA stalkers'  Slum disappears in Rio mudslide; 200 feared dead' The story BCG offered me $16,000 not to tell  With a diligent enough effort, one can morally justify nearly anything.' Dawkins comments on Times article I did NOT say 'I will arrest Pope Benedict XVI or anything so personally grandiloquent ... The Sunday Times is a Murdoch newspaper'.' The Vatican finally decides that bishops and other highranking clerics should report such crimes to police , but only if required by law. The remains of anything humane has finally bled out of the Vatican.' The man behind Wikileaks We have had to spread assets, encrypt everything, and move telecommunications and people around the world to activate protective laws in different national jurisdictions' Ahmadinejad urges UN chief Ban Kimoon to launch an investigation into the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States' Hamas is forcing other Gaza Palestinian factions to guarantee they do not launch rockets or mortar bombs at Israel' What is a Zimbawe Prison like.' Bishop lames Jews' for criticism of Catholic church record on abuse. I want a ringside seat! Vatican forgives Beatles for 'Satanic' messages, rather than focus on the international abuse scandal Blast rocks MI5 office near Belfast' Priest accused of child porn possession' Fr. Maciel was the greatest fundraiser of the modern Roman Catholic church. Behind that exalted faade, however, Maciel was a notorious pedophile, and a man who fathered several children by different women!' 2010 Pulitzer Prize winners' Russian leader gently snubs Bush 'Obama is a thinker' Poland Mourns [pics]' Tasmanian Hookers Learn Tough Side Of SupplyAndDemand Economics.' Afghan Civilians Attacked By NATO Troops Four Killed, 18 Wounded In Kandahar' Digital Economy Act likely to increase households targeted for piracy Fears increase that law firms may hone in on innocent web users who don't illegally download Obama is a great guy to deal with  Medvedev' Riots on the streets of Bangkok  25 dead' Graffiti rules !  The government of Venezuela is increasingly making street art a central element of its promotion of a state ideology.' Conviction a nurse for patients' deaths does not add up Imagine I am firing a thousand machinegun bullets into the side of a barn. I remove my blindfold, find three bullets very close together and paint a target around them. Then I announce that I am an Olympic standard rifleman. Today the Icelandic nation gets a first hand look into the reasons why the economic collapse was so bad here....' BBC News  Apollo 13 Nasa's finest hour? Top antiracism judge shot dead in Moscow' Immersion in propaganda how North Koreans see themselves' Israel Celebrates Holocaust Irony Week  A Day after Israel stops to remember the holocaust, they implement a law that allows Israel to deport 10s of thousands of Palestinians for not showing their papers, something even Palestinians who were born in the west bank do not have.' US Military warns of impending oil shortages.  How many of you are aware that your way of life is soon going to change dramatically and permanently?' WikiLeaks plans to post video showing US massacre of Afghani civilians' The greatest reason to strike EVER' Microsoft allegedly outsourcing child labor in China We are like prisoners... We do not have a life, only work.' The case against Benedict rests on international law's potential to judge all alike. No wonder the powerful are resisting it. The Americans are constantly killing our civilians and the government isnnot demanding an explanation. We demand justice from the Karzaingovernment and the punishment of those soldiers responsible.n local resident Mohammad Razaq' Cameraman calls Muslim father a fucking terrorist  on national television' Unrest in China's cities  nThe simmering anger of urban China Australian state government announces intention to ignore rulings handed down by courts and keep people in prison after their sentences have ended' Mexican cartel sends 'a large number of gunmen' to help another cartel wage war against the Zetas, a gang notorious for beheading their enemies. AntiAmerican anger grows in Afghanistan' Smart, experienced observers of the Middle East are talking, and AIPAC isn't going to like it. Brazil rejects new Iran sanctions ' Canada to send all of its enriched uranium stockpiles to the US' Turkey, Brazil Come out against new Iran sanctions at Security Summit' Israeli hypocrisy this Holocaust Remembrance Day | Al Jazeera Blogs' Israel warns citizens to leave Sinai amid evidence of a Palestinian kidnapping plot' 'Hungary has Turned into a Grubby Hive of Nationalism' Glacier breaks in Peru, causing tsunami in Andes' WHO Appoints H1N1 CoverUp Committee' Pope's birthplace sprayed with abusive graffiti  ABC News Kyrgyz president offers to resign  ' The housing bubbles in Miami and Dubai may be followed by China.' Australia is Piiiiiiiissed  Arrests Crew Members of Chinese Coal Ship that trashed the Great Barrier Reef' My friend, Aamir, 17, was murdered in Cardiff on Sunday. [news link]' Scientists say they have found clear proof that meat from whales captured under Japan's whaling programme is being sold in US and Korean eateries. Antirape condom ready for SA World Cup  The RapeaXe, as it is called, is a condom women can insert themselves. The interior has tiny spines which, in case of rape, attach to the man's penis. Israeli settlers attacked a Palestinian village yesterday in the middle of the night.  Mosque was ransacked, 300 olive trees are uprooted (which serve as income for farmers), 2 cars were set ablaze and racist slogans were spraypainted in Hebrew around town.' Not all sex workers are victims (UK) We are facing not a feminist measure, but an ideology that sees women as unable to be sexually independent and free of their own actions. ' Japan annual whale hunt 'halved by activists' Clashes at sea between Sea Shepherd and the whaling ships paralysed the hunt for days  6.9magnitude earthquake hit western China ' A volcano erupts under a glacier in Iceland. Hundreds evacuated.' Vatican comment draws gay anger' Cleric's support for men and women mingling in public sparks furor in Saudi Arabia Sheikh Ahmed alGhamdi recently declared that nothing in Islam bans men and women from mixing in public places like schools and offices. Polish crash site in Russia [Vid]' Israel confiscates ALL visiting iPads' Millions of cellphones offline in Mexico' Terrible earthquake kills hundreds in China  7.1 magnitude quake. At least 300 estimated dead' Stern, serious, socialist North Korea has carved out a spot in TV history for having one of the world's longest running comedy shows, despite it being mostly devoid of jokes for the decades it has been on the air. Iraq Vets Coverage of Atrocities Is Too Little, Too Late' Stephen Colbert's surprisinglyfrank interview with Wikileaks' Editor/CoFounder Julian Assange. Islamic extremists threaten Somali radio stations over unIslamic music, make most of them broadcast animal, ocean and gunfire noises' 6.9 earthquake near China/India border. Another correct prediction.' Quake kills 67 people in remote Chinese Qinghai region '  row about how to name the Israelioccupied Palestinian territories has scuppered a 43nation scheme for managing Mediterranean water resources.' A US priest has urged Pope Benedict XVI to step down' Vatican reacts to gay abuse claim' China shows of its Shock and Awe Fighter Jets' After finding two groups of males the force  executed all of them using silenced weapons.  Unfortunately, it appears that the Special Ops team had not entered the sleeping quarters of an IED cell, but the dormitory of a private school for boys.n' All London flights grounded as volcanic ash from Iceland closes UK airports' Zionists groups have banned Justice Richard Goldstone from his own grandson's bar mitzvah as punishment for his role in the UN fact finding mission that found evidence of Israeli and Hamas war crimes. From a Veteran to the Freedom Fighter Who Shot Me' This is why your UK flight has been cancelled. Volcanic ash spreading above the UK and Nordic areas. [PIC]' H(.)(.)ters in China The massive contradictions that are busting out in a sexually repressed society... they're just huge. Russia shuts plutonium arms plant  The closure of the reactor came after Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev signed a nuclear disarmament treaty, described by both sides as a major step towards improving strained USRussian relations. ' Legalize It 22,000 Dead in 3year Mexican Drug War ' There he was, five decades later, the priest who had raped Joe Callander in Massachusetts. The photo in the Roman Catholic newsletter showed him with a smile across his wrinkled face, nearnaked Amazon Indian children in his arms and at his feet.' US adoptions of Russian children have been halted, a week after a Russian boy was rejected by his adoptive mother in the American state of Tennessee.' Sixfigure salaries the norm at top charities ' So UK redditers who do you think won the first election debate? ' Australia faces huge locust plague' The Digital Economy Bill has betrayed the young  Positive engagement with the digital generation  interests the political classes only when they want  something from us' Gay outrage over cardinal's child abuse comment Africans combine Islam, Christianity and paganism without batting an eye.' Volcano ash alert hits UK flights (TIL there's a Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre)' Charity that sued UK Ministry of Defence has named two men who ended up in the infamous dark prison at Bagram in Afghanistan after being handed to US forces by members of the SAS' Goldstone banned by SA Zionists' Syria Israel's Scud accusation may be pretense for attack Desperate battle to shore up Chinese quake dam' Russian security forces release hitlist of lack widow terrorists' A Catholic priest is one of eight men police arrested during a prostitution sting.' Russia suspends U.S. adoptions' A huge ash cloud is moving over the UK   90% of flights cancelled!' Iceland's disruptive volcano  The Big Picture Ultimate infographic about the volcano  it has maps, stats, jet engine schematics, volcano crosssection, mount everest, ozone layer, ...' Netanyahu's nephew Israel is collectively punishing more than 1.5 million Palestinians by sealing them off in the largest openair prison on earth.' We have a small problem. All four engines have stoppedtrue British stiff upper lip' Sheikh to Terrorists Go to Hell' Rape on the rise in Cambodia Victims of rape suffer from stigma while perpetrators are rarely held accountable.' 'Safer' not to defrock paedophile priests, says Catholic Church official IDF soldiers have been printing shirts bragging about shooting pregnant women and rape. IDF higher ups are pissed off but not at the soldiers for wearing them but at the shop for printing the shirts' A man who repeatedly disturbed his neighbours by  shouting at political programmes on his television  has been jailed for 16 weeks.' Stranded in Oslo, John Cleese takes taxi to Brussels for $5400  class.' The U.N. slams a deliberate failure to adequately probe the Benazir Bhutto assassination in Pakistan.' Digital Economy Act This means war. Cory Doctorow explains how banking surveillance, control and censorship into the very fabric of our networks, devices and laws is the absolute road to dictatorial hell' Afghan police marksmanship with their AK47s has always been poor  because U.S. contractors failed to train them how to adjust their sights' Animated ash plume model predictions from the Norwegian Meteorological Institute, through to Saturday 17th April 2010, 0200' 75% chance that 'Monster volcano' awakens  Dagbladet.no via google translate' In third incident this week, Israeli settlers torch two more Palestinian vehicles.  This time they left behind the words in spraypainted graffiti Thank you God, for not making me a Gentile.' Three men have been jailed in China's Fujian province after posting material online on behalf of a woman trying to investigate her daughter's death. US Fizzes As Bolivia Produces The Real Thing  [The new Bolivian soft drink] is made from the coca leaf, a mild stimulant that wards off fatigue and hunger...Coca is also the raw ingredient of cocaine, the narcotic that is the primary target of the USled ''war on drugs.'' Israel Still Not Prepared to Join Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty' Death toll tops 1,100 in China quake' Pope breaks his silence on child abuse, urges Christians to repent while complaining that people are picking on the church  victims groups all dismissed his comments' Bhutto assassination could have been prevented, says UN report' Black Box from Polish jet suggests possible mistakes before the crash.' U.S. doubles special forces in Afghanistan' How China's unfair currency policies are exporting unemployment all over the world  and why baby steps won't solve the problem. U.S. Accuses Goldman Sachs of Fraud' That bloody volcano has trapped Sir David Attenborough  in the Arctic circle. At the age of 83 is assuredly the most  awesome person of our lifetime.' Extramarital sex fuels earthquakes Senior Iran cleric' It is now illegal to possess nonphotographic visual depictions of child sexual abuse in England and Wales. ' The Vatican's secondhighest authority says sex scandals haunting the Roman Catholic Church are linked to homosexuality and not celibacy among priests Bombers dressed in burkas kill 41 in Pakistan' Planes or Volcano?.... Information Is Beautiful' Benazir Bhutto 'left to mercy of assassins by security chief' Judge may be kept from his grandsons bar mitzvah for authoring UN report critical of Israel (and Hamas.)' While we are on the topic, let's not forget this. Israel seizes 4 water pumps in Jordan Valley' Gen McChrystal No Proof Iran Sending Fighters or Weapons to Afghanistan' 270 Palestinians kids under the age of 18, are currently held in Israeli prisons ' The next Olympics could possibly be fucked ' Experts No end to volcano ash in sight' Live feed from the Eyjafjallajkull eruption in Iceland.' China's grim irony The huge magnitude of Maos crimes is sometimes cited as a reason for forgetting those crimes. If this society ever allowed itself to talk about who suffered what and who did whatit would open itself to an explosion of recrimination and revenge Brothers in Arms Israel's relationship with apartheid South Africa Bubble Jet from Torpedo 'Likely' Cause of South Korean Shipwreck President of Iran calls on UN Sec'y Gen'l to investigate 9/11 and the resulting invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan. Get ready for decades of Icelandic fireworks' Benazir Bhutto's murder mystery  nA UN report on the killing of Benazir Bhutto makes awkward reading for Pakistans army Airport Crisis Spreads as Ash Moves East' AN OPEN LETTER OF RECONCILIATION & RESPONSIBILITY TO THE IRAQI PEOPLE  From Current and Former Members of the U.S. Military  We write to you, your family, and your community with awareness that our words and actions can never restore your losses...' Iran to open nuclear summit' Now charlatans will know to beware the geeks ' Priest says he was bullied into taking fall for Pope in abuse scandal' Charlie Brooker David Cameron is like a hollow Easter egg, with no bag of sweets inside. He's nothing. He's no one.' CNN cannot grasp the concept of working remotely.  Stranded PM runs Norway remotely' Air chaos to last weeks as even more volcanic ash belches out' Goldman Sachs to announce $4bn profit row (50%+ y/y) on the back of the strength in its fixed income division, the very division which the fraud charges stem from' Cuba's most famous cigar maker, Alejandro Robaina, has died aged 91. Ahmadinejad calls for U.S. to destroy its nuclear arsenal first' Christopher Hitchens rereads Animal Farm | Brilliant throughout. Commentary on the text well worth reading why is there no Leninpig? But the second half of the piece, history of the book immediately after publication, is the mustread' EU test flights to assess impact of volcanic ash on aircraft' The image Microsoft doesn't want you to see Too tired to stay awake, the Chinese workers earning just 34p an hour The volcanic ash hanging over Europe has mushroomed into a dark 1.5 billion dollar cloud over the airlines and other travel industry sectors, with no hope of a silver lining, analysts warned.n' New Canadian studies suggest seasonal flu shot increased H1N1 risk' Finnish fighter jets damaged by volcanic cloud' Aussie government cans Human Rights Act as election looms' Venezuela Secures $20 Billion Loan From China, Chavez Says' Ash cloud will last for another week Now layer of fine dust is settling on top of the ash cloud and volcano is still erupting  (excellent pics) '   Air traffic disruption countrybycountry  ' Volcano chaos could continue for months    nThe Icelandic volcano causing travel chaos across Europe could go on erupting for months, geologists have warned.' Brazil's Chamber of Deputies approves bill granting access to public information Europe cut off from the UK. Gordon Brown calls meeting. ' Brazil secures Chinese pledge for heavy investment' So it's shagging that has brought all this disaster. Those dang Icelandics must be a frisky little lot then? FBI agent dismisses CIA spys claim of Iran ties to Pan Am 103 bom European airlines on Sunday stepped up pressure to reopen the skies by carrying out passengerfree test flights despite the layer of volcanic ash that kept most planes across the continent grounded for a fourth day. (Glad I'm not one of the crew members)' Irish Government in secret talks about internet censorship' Nick Clegg's rise could lock Rupert Murdoch and the media elite out of UK politics  Millions stolen from Iraq rebuilding Special task force is analyzing every transaction and person connected to Iraq reconstruction funding in order to hold people accountable'  two girls living in Northern Ireland have been made the subject of a court order to stop them being forced into marriage in Pakistan' Dramatic footage of ash and lightning above Iceland volcano' Forget Eyjafjallajokull, Mt. Katla Is Now Getting Ready To Rumble' $2 billion windenergy project in Romania, largest in world, 5x larger than Europe's current largest, 3x proposed offshore Massachusetts project Iceland volcano causes fall in carbon emissions as eruption grounds aircraft' Tibetans need your help in the wake of the recent earthquake, over 100,000 are homeless.' Palestinian state certain  Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak says Israel must eventually give Palestinians their independence.' TOKYO  Thousands of people rallied on a remote Japanese island Sunday, protesting against a possible government move to relocate a major U.S. air base there.' Lesbian couple becomes first same sex couple to sign joint birth certificate' The Israeli Embassy reopened in Wellington, New Zealand, today, after an eightyear absence. Apparently the relationship was screwed after two reported Mossad agents were caught and jailed for trying to illegally obtain New Zealand passports in 2004, while 2 others escaped.' Military Increasingly Convinced of N.Korean Sub Attack' BBC News  Nick Clegg brands Labour and Conservatives 'desperate' Britain 'handed over prisoners in Afghanistan to be tortured' Saudi poachers boast of killing endangered animals in YouTube video' Afghan children are dying The government told them it was finally safe to come back  even built them a clinic, a school, a playground. But what good's a playground when you have nothing to eat? Defense Minister Ehud Barak said there is no reason for a war to break out this summer Israel must allow the Palestinians to rule themselves' Melbourne Gangland killer Carl Williams, beaten to death in prison.' India's unease about strategic power, and its resemblance to a gigantic European Union united only by the English language, reflects its ongoing search for a new international identity. In this quest, India is impaired by its lack of practice in the exercise of power on a grand scale. Should Pope Benedict step down? The case against him for collusion in child sexabuse is much stronger than the case against a number of Irish bishops who have been forced to resign.' Catholic Church in Worst Credibility Crisis Since Reformation, Theologian Tells Bishops' The economic impact of the Iceland volcano cloud European countries wouldn't get any growth this year' Yemeni lawmaker Banning child marriage unIslamic, part of Western agenda; also imagine a young man of 13 or 14 years of age who wants to have sex.  This is a violation of his rights.' Burials in Tibet. NOT FOR SENSITIVE SOULS! [pics]' Now we know the truth. The financial meltdown wasn't a mistake  it was a con Google now publicly displaying government requests to remove data from their sites.' Iraqi secret prison revealed, a torture and holding cell for minority Sunni leadership.' Goldman Sachs A great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money' Sherpa team plans to clean Everest's death zone  China just pricked its housing bubble. Firsthome buyers must pay no less than 30 percent of the the property price if the area is above 90 square meters. 2ndhome has to pay 50% down payment.' Goldman Sach's wasn't the only company behind the con. Dozens protest over Egyptian MP's statement No need to use water cannons to disperse demonstrators; they must open fire at them with live bullets.' Iraq Secret torture jail? Hey look over there, we just killed two senior al Qaida leaders!' Secret prison revealed in Baghdad, held hundreds of Sunni men at the facility. The U.S. fears that the news will stoke instability. (Q Didn't the US support Saddam Hussein when he was doing the same thing?) Secret prison revealed in Baghdad' Zimbabwe's Mugabe bashes gays again Those that engage in such acts are insane. We cannot tolerate this, otherwise the dead will rise against us.' I hate my country!!!' UK going after Goldman Sachs too. The Financial Services Authority (FSA) is starting a formal enforcement investigation into Goldman Sachs in relation to recent fraud allegations.' How an Icelandic volcano helped spark the French Revolution'  IMF proposes two big new bank taxes to fund bailouts' No deal with Cameron after the election, say Lib Dem voters. ' The volcano eruption in Iceland has strengthened and a new ash cloud is spreading south and east towards the UK' AlQaeda Chief In Iraq Captured, Killed, Never Actually Existed, ReCaptured, Now Killed Again' UK airports set to reopen' Catholic Church in Latin America finally uncovers its pedophile priests' Costa Rican election result hides complex reality' Water aerobics class halted by croc in pool' Promiscuous women are responsible for earthquakes.  It's a price worth paying. Explicit mention of religion is seen as unBritish, a bit American and a turnoff to the electorate.' Yesterday, Israel delivered demolition warrants to Palestinians in Halhul village in the West Bank, informing that their homes and water reservoir will be destroyed.' Argentina's former military President has been sentenced to 25 years for human rights abuses Guilty of involvement in 56 cases of murder, torture and kidnappings Experts Warn of Impending Phosphorus Crisis' France to put forward a bill to ban the wearing of Islamic veils in public places' 'South Park' creators warned Poking fun at Muhammed could invite deadly Muslim ragen Filmed deep underground on the border between Gaza and Egypt, the mobile phone footage obtained by the BBC is conclusive proof of what has been rumored in Gaza since last year  the tunnelling operation is now so advanced that entire brand new cars are now being smuggled into Gaza.' UK Generals Britain should be prepared to scrap its nuclear deterrent' Iran Facts vs. Iran Hype' Brazil priest *DETAINED* after pedophilia accusation' Brazil, US, UK lead number of requests to Google for user data and censorship' Top Russian judge Eduard Chuvashov 'assassinated in revenge attack' after sentencing gangs of racist murderers, and while investigating corrupt FSB men  Hitachi claims they didn't know that the 25% shareholder of Hitachi South Africa is a front company for the ruling party (which awarded a $5bn tender to Hitachi South Africa).' Two North Korean assassins arrested in South Korea' Those naughty Germans' Draft of Secretive International Copyright Treaty Leaked  Confirms Fears About Internet Freedom' Global bank tax urged by IMF' North Korea 'plotted to kill high profile defector' . Two North Koreans, said to have been posing as defectors themselves, have been arrested on suspicion of being on a mission to kill Hwang Jangyop. Airlines  led by Ryanair (oh surprise)  say they'll defy European regulations on covering 'passenger care' costs Australians (in 1919) edit film of Gallipoli showing Irish and New Zealand soldiers fighting so that it looks like Australian soldiers instead ' German troops in Afghanistan call on Angela Merkel to explain why they're at war  'They want the Chancellor, their ultimate boss, to finally find the clear words to put the war against the Taliban into black and white,' Bild Zeitung, Germanys biggest daily paper, said today. Afghan Snipers Using Old Rifles Issued by CIA' Is the Aral Sea coming back from the dead?' 'Truth Is Often The First Casualty Of War'  Germany's defense minister is set to testify about his knowledge of a deadly attack in Afghanistan that resulted in civilian deaths. German commentators say the inquiry into whether politicians lied is essential. The World Bank releases all its collected statistics for free' 1 canadian dollar &gt; 1 US dollar' UK Election Todays front pages. Are these newspapers or attack ads?' South Korea's military believes a torpedo fired from a North Korean submarine sank its navy ship last month, based on intelligence gathered jointly with the United States, a news report said on Thursday. Top Gear Takes Blame for Volcano Eruption in Iceland ' Belgian law banning burqua calls for fine or jail.  First such law in Europe set to take effect.' Rupert's Son James Murdoch Storms Into Rival Newspaper's Newsroom shouting 'What Are You F*@!ing Playing At?' Despite what the media tells you, crime in Britain is at a thirty year low' Southern Sudan brews beer Out of reach of the Islamic Khartoum government, beer is made and drunk.' With women hidden out of sight in Afghan society, rich and powerful men turned their attention to boys aged 11 and up, dressing them in feminine clothes, adorning them with bells and trinkets and training them as twirling, dancing dolls.' South Korean ship sunk by crack squad of 'human torpedoes'  Afghan Massacre Survivor To Obama You Be The Judge (VIDEO)' Ryanair announces it will refuses to obey EU passenger rights laws and will not cover hotel and meal expenses for stranded passengers  lawbreakers need to be punished  complain to the European Commission ' Movie theaters and bars were forced to close for 24 hours, video games disappeared from the Internet and televised movies and soap operas were abruptly replaced by an emotional news loop produced by the countrys central broadcaster.' Dozens injured in Bangkok blasts' Iceland volcano why we were lucky we weren't wiped out Jerusalem must be shared by both Israelis and Palestinians, an Israeli activist group says, in response to the recent Washington Post ads.' IDF walks into a Palestinian village and starts shooting at people. They claim Palestinians were throwing rocks at the 'soldiers'. Turns out the IDF was fibbing, well either that or Palestinians can throw rocks 100 meters far with perfect accuracy. Rockets hit Jordan from Egypt.  Two small missiles were launched from the Sinai, allegedly aimed at Israel.' What's the worst company in the USA? Cash4Gold, Bank of America, Ticketmaster, and Comcast round out the top four Apparently, a guy who shot a video of gunfire at the  polish plane crash site was murdered a few days  ago.' CNN and Ha'artez each have an article quoting a poll about what American Jews think of how Obama is handling Israel and the Middle East.  They completely contradict one another ... Google 'not interested' in privacy, say information tsars The Corrupt Reign of Emperor Silvio  Another terrific piece from Stille, on Berlusconi's sex scandals. He has transformed the political life of a major nation into a reality TV show in which he is star, producer, and network owner' Taiwan Touch Panel Sceen Workers Struggle For Basic Rights' The hotel assault was reportedly mounted by up to 50 gunmen who seized cars to block streets, slowing the police. ' A Saudi law firm claiming to represent 94,000 descendants of the prophet Mohammed sues Danish newspapers. Now a new group countersues on behalf of all the nonMuslims whom Mohammed defamed and insulted in the Koran, demanding offending passages be changed or removed.' Murdoch's newspaper The Sun has been found to be discarding political poll results it has commissioned if they don't say what it wants Rupert Murdoch's son James storms Independent newsroom, furious about declaration Rupert Murdoch wont decide this election  you will' 'Sun' censored poll that showed support for Lib Dems  Belgium to ban Islamic veils in public, making it the first European country to ban the wearing of the burqa or niqa Five Israelis, including a retired army general, charged with organ trafficking' Boobquake  Purdue student using the combined force of cleavage from across the world to test Iranian cleric's claim that immodesty causes earthquakes. Spread the word! Britain is a country with a large liberalleft majority.' Airline pilot cleared of role in 9/11 after 'nine years of hell'  Lotfi Raissi eligible for up to 2m compensation after wrongful imprisonment and damage to health Chinese premier publicly commemorate Tiananmen Square hero for the first time since 1989, subtly encourages political reform' In yet another snub to Obama, Netanyahu There will be no building freeze in Jerusalem' Netanyahu Commits to Colonizing East Jerusalem; First Palestinian Expelled under new Policy' France also bans Female Muslim tourists from wearing their veils in public' Obesity in Australia We'll soon be fat as Americans, health experts warn as obesity overtakes smoking as the biggest killer of Aussies.' Your only hope for rescue is the destruction of the Jews before they destroy you! Hitler said in a 1942 message, one of thousands broadcast across the Middle East in an attempt to woo the Arab world. ' The saviour of Sarajevo barred from public office for being a Jew' Car Bomb Explodes Outside Northern Ireland Police Station' 'Ninja slug' among rainforest finds German bishop accused of beating children decades ago when he was a priest has resigned' Stranded US citizens get a real taste of Irish hospitality' Soaring unemployment, pay freezes for millions, but... Billions more for bankers' Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard South Park creators should voice protest.' Internet spoofs unspoofable Conservative poster' The prison population in England and Wales has reached a record high, exceeding 85,000 for the first time.' Dozens of gunmen blockade the street, raid two hotels, and abduct six people after searching most of the fifth floor at 300 AM in Monterrey, Mexico' After Comedy Central cut a portion of a South Park episode following a death threat from a radical Muslim group, Seattle cartoonist Molly Norris wanted to counter the fear. She has declared May 20th Everybody Draw Mohammed Day.' Consumer waste from the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is turning a Hawaiian beach into plastic.nThey found more plastic particles than sand, as they dug a hole on what has been described as the world's dirtiest beach.'  Internal Goldman Sachs emails released on Capitol Hill Saturday show firm used bets on mortgage securities in a bid to profit as the housing market began to plummet several years ago.nDocuments show that Goldman executives knew their bets would profit the firm.' UK foreign secretary You've punished us enough  about Iraq. Go fuck yourself Milliband. ' Reddit, today is the 95th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide.' Ocean debris turning Hawaiian beach 'in to plastic' LongHated OneChild Rule May Be Eased in China  New Problem? Not Enough Children.' North Korea seizes Southowned resort' Superrich ecome richer again'   Three's A Crowd  nHistorian evokes parallels from 1920s, offers shrewd advice to Nick Clegg LibDems should refuse alliance with new Labour, present themselves as heirs to libertarian strain in old Labourn Mexico 7 Mexican Police Officers Killed in Ciudad Juarez' Haitians are quitting their jobs and leaving their homes to join tent cities where everything is free. The Haitian government says the aid is ruining the economy and wants it stopped.' Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu Rejects U.S. Plea To Stop Illegal Settlements' Deadly New Fungus Emerging in Oregon Expected to Spread ' N.Korea Announces Seizure of S.Korean Properties' How geography and old empires shape todays Europe' The bishop of the Belgian city of Bruges, Roger Vangheluwe, has resigned after admitting sexual abuse of a boy earlier in his career.' Chinese Military Seeks to Extend Its Naval Power' In Nigeria's conservative Islamic north, women are barred from ruling, except in the kingdom of Kumbwada. Here, an ancient curse keeps males off the throne, according to locals. Male pretenders who dare to try will be buried within a week.  Only in Saudi Arabia, could assault, abuse, and defamation be called examples of bloopers. God Bless the Kingdom. ' The man who filmed a video that appeared to depict gunshots being fired in the immediate aftermath of the Polish plane crash has apparently been stabbed to death in what many are claiming was a deliberate assassination to silence the individual from making public whatever it was he saw.' Venezuela requests banker's extradition from US German Soldiers in Afghanistan Wear Protest on Their Sleeve' Greece Welcomes Its New IMF Overlords With Day Of Rioting And National Strikes' South Korea raises bow of sunken warship (must be a giant crane!)' The Radical Muslim Group That Threatened South Park Creators Was Founded and Run by Joseph Cohen, a Former Israeli Radical Who Used to Live in a Settlement in the West Bank ' Israelis shoot Maltese photographer as she films Gaza demonstration' The rootless world of the superrich.' Defense geeks Free PDF of RAND's exhaustive 270 page study of 89 insurgencies and how they ended! Lebanese to stage march for secularism' China to build dam on Brahmaputra River  a river of extreme importance for agriculture, transportation and industry for millions in India and Bangladesh ' South Koreas sunken warship n nIf North Korea did deliberately destroy a South Korean warship, what next?' Young Arab women are undergoing hymenoplasty surgery to hide any sign of sexual activity before marriage which, if found out, they risk being ostracised or even murdered ' For nations living the good life, the party's over, IMF says Japanese island set for mass rally against US bases' PAKISTAN A young Hindu girl is detained and forcibly converted by a Madrassa; police refuse to act' Afghanistan drug addiction growing' Breaking News  Danish sex education to actually educate Danes about sex!' If they were crooks, wouldn't they be richer? nMillions of poor Indians are considered criminal by tradition. Most are nothing of the sort Never Seen Footage of the Mumbai Terrorist Attacks' Egyptian foreign minister calls Israel Enemy in Lebanon. Says Egypt will stand by Lebanon and Syria if they are attacked.' Afghan schoolgirls poisoned by Taliban?' Demonstrators gather at rally in Okinawa, Japan, to protest against a US military air base on the island' Lebanese march in Beirut to demand secularism' UK's leading actors urge voters to protect licence fee and keep BBC safe  Afghan spy chief 'I told MI5 that prisoners were being tortured' New York UN press corps revolts' Hamas security forces break up Gaza Strip`s first major hiphop concert.' Tony Blair, Very Close to being Indicted for War Crimes in Malaysian' The Chinese laboratories where scientists are already at work on the new 'meow meow'. European push to ban burqas appalls Afghan women. What is the difference between forcing women to wear a burqa and forcing them not to? It is discrimination.' China To Force Sterilize 10,000 To Curb Births' Church scandals next wave Abused girls' A cruise missile in a shipping container  on sale for 10m' From North Korea understatement of the year' Iran has struck a secret deal with Zimbabwe's Mugabe regime to mine its untapped uranium reserves for its nuclear programme Toyota says its global sales have surged by more than a quarter despite the carmaker having to recall millions of vehicles worldwide because of safety concerns.' Who knew? The polish president had a backup twin who is now running for the presidency.' Slum clearance, South Africastyle' China opens missile plant in Iran  Unlike Russia, China has been very successful in offering Iran technology and capabilities that are actually wanted, as opposed to those that might be 'nice to have.'' Haiti Wants Food Aid to Stop' UK authorities breached obligations to protect citizens by not acting on details they had about the 7/7 bombers before the attacks, a court has heard.' Mexico Jurez nears 5,000 killings' Japan says it is not interested in cutting its whaling program in the Antarctic in return for being allowed to resume commercial whaling in coastal waters.' Honduran Slain in Hospital by Killer Disguised as Nurse' Officials East Jerusalem construction in de facto freeze ' Hunted for body parts, Tanzania's albinos get help from B.C. man  Canadian businessman puts up $1million to shut lucrative trade with African witch doctors Afghan protesters torched 16 NATO convoy trucks carrying fuel for Western troops' The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights has accused Hamas of acting illegally when it halted the salients firstever rap concert during the weekend. ' Thousands protest in Ukraine over deal with Russia' How is that democracy we delivered you working out?' Israel is cracking down on the Palestinian Authoritys financial support of nonviolent public protest against the occupation in the West Bank.' Family wins human rights case over a school which reprimanded their son for not eating like a Canadian.' China We will not go along with US Sanctions' Chernobyl Radiation Killed Nearly One Million People New Book' Flight traffic in Europe' The party is over in Iran' Chinese Tycoon Donates a Billion Dollars to Charity ' Israeli man jailed for 10 years for tricking women into sexual acts by claiming his semen was holy and had healing powers.' 90,000 protest U.S. base in Japan nOkinawans demand 2006 agreement with U.S. for Marine base be scrapped.' Dozens of World War I photographs, including some from Australia's Gallipoli campaign, have been saved by a quickthinking removalist in Canada. Eyjafjallajokull volcano, images from Iceland over the past few days...' Senate investigation finds Goldman Sachs 'profited at clients' expense'  Smoke bombs were set off in the chamber. Glue was poured into voting machines. The legislative leader directed the session behind umbrellas held by his aides, to protect him from projectiles.' A Muslim Frenchman at the center of a firestorm over polygamy says keeping mistresses is the French way of life. ' The Battle of Umbrellas and Eggs took place in the Ukraine parliament today.'    Russia and Norway ends 40year Arctic dispute  ' Vatican to fund adult stem cell research in America. Donating several million dollars to University of Maryland school of medicine' Police State Canada 2010 and the G20 Summit | In June, downtown Toronto will essentially be on lockdown with rights and liberties severely restricted.' Part of the reason the Greeks are in trouble is because they can't print money like the United States. Skeptics of the World, Unite!  nWe're awash in conspiracy theories  and that's not a good thing. A plea for a genuine culture of skepticism. Democratic Iraq? Nope. Iraqi Court Bans 52 Candidates.' Russia and Norway solve 40yearlong maritime border dispute.' Russian Marketing Missiles & Launchers In ReadyToUse Shipping Containers' Indian Man Dies From Radiation Incident.' Afghan protesters torched NATO supply vehicles in eastern Afghanistan on Sunday, hours after allegations emerged that U.S. and Afghan troops had killed three civilians, including two brothers, in their home.' Bioartificial trachea made in Iran  Iranian doctors have carried out an in situ transplant of bioartificial trachea in humans for the first time in the world' Child pornography is great, the speaker at the podium declared enthusiastically. It is great because politicians understand child pornography.' Muhammad cartoon controversy protest in London in 2006more provocateurs?' The Mystery of Poland's Presidential Plane Crash Deepens Not Even in South Park? ' WTF CNN? Compare CNN to *real* world news with this new mashup.' Israel transferring people from West Bank to Gaza, splitting families and disregarding international law' Amateur model known as 'Katya' revealed as Russian honeytrap bait Russias President Dmitry Medvedev,has ordered Soviet files concerning the massacre of some 22,000 Polish officers, intellectuals and priests in the Katyn woods to be opened.' Routine torture, including electric shocks and sexual abuse, was inflicted on detainees held in a secret prison in Baghdad' German tabloids campaign for Greece to leave the euro' Israel has given itself the right to forcefully move Palestinians out of the West Bank who don't have a permit. 'Permit' is not defined at all, it can be anything the person in charge wants it to be. This is setting precedent to force thousands of Palestinians to move to Gaza Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been caught on microphone describing a voter he had just spoken to in Rochdale as a bigoted woman.' It would impossible to reveal secret MI5 files about the 7/7 London terror attacks, a court has been told.' Okinawans say the U.S. military has been responsible  for a number of blights in Okinawa, from serious  crimes like rape and drunken driving, to  environmental and noise pollution.' Rating Agencies Strike Again  First they were off about how good U.S. mortgage securities were. Now they're causing havoc in the EU by downgrading the bond ratings of several countries. Ireland's bombed head shops spark debate over Irish drug policy.  Shell profits surge by 49%....always great to hear big oil doing so well' Greece infection spreads as stricken nations debt is rated junk' EU on the edge of the abyss  If the Greek crisis is not addressed, Portugal will come under intense pressure, contagion might then spread to Ireland, Italy or Spain, the other euroarea countries with some mixture of big budget deficits, poor growth prospects and high debts.  ' Greece might need up to 120 Billion Euros, according to German parliamentarians.' Israeli Law Enforcement Cracks Down on Alleged Political Corruption  Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert could be sent to prison if he is convicted in a highprofile corruption trial' Suntanned women to be arrested under Islamic dress code ' Freedom of the press in Turkey further under  attack Journalist faces prison threat for reporting  on judiciary crisis in Turkey' Lawmakers in Ukraine scuffled with each other, throwing punches and eggs, as parliament met Tuesday to ratify a treaty with Russia that extends the latter's navy presence in the Ukraine's Crimean peninsula until 2042. The Argentinian Supreme Court overturned pardons of a dictatorshipera president and economy minister, paving the way for them to be tried for kidnapping and extortion.' Kim Jong Ils new plan may be to attack and occupy Seoul' Greece bans shortselling as panic spreads, Shares tumble across Britain, Europe and Asia after the cost of insuring Greek debt against default hits a 14year high ' A US Coast Guard official says if leaks from an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico are not stemmed soon, they could cause one of the worst spills in US history.' China has lost a 2000 Olympics bronze medal because the gymnast was proven to have been underage.' Women flock to Senegal for sex' When Palestinians violently react to Israels criminal behavior they're murdered by Israel, when they peacefully react they're murdered by Israel but with much less coverage To people bitching about CNN, it sucks, so just stop watching it and checking their site.'   Can You Disappear In Surveillance Britain?nnBriton shocked by government datagathering, angered by ubiquitous closedcircuit television, tries to disappear for a month, pays detectives to track him down. Publicity stunt, but revealingn' Israeli Soldier Sprays Pepper Spray Directly Into The Eyes Of Handcuffed Palestinean Youth (PIC) ' Taliban leader has been killed seven times by US' Many observers assign a large part of the blame for the 2008 financial crisis to the big three credit rating agencies, which gave their AAA seal of approval to worthless investments. Now those same agencies are helping to bring the euro zone to its knees  and no one is trying to stop them' The precepts of any one religion  any belief system  cannot, by force of their religious origins, sound any louder in the general law than the precepts of any other. If they did, those out in the cold would be less than citizens... UK Law keeps religion at bay  hooray!' Newest Israeli Tourism Map wipes away West Bank. ' Spain downgraded, Europe debt crisis widens' Drone pilots could be tried for war crimes.' Israeli soldiers Wednesday opened fire on a group on nonviolent protesters in Gaza killing a 20year old Palestinian.' The socalled Vatican City, a political nonentity covering about 0.17 square miles of Rome, was created by Benito Mussolini in 1929 as part of his sweetheart deal between fascism and the papacy.  ... Its bogus claim to statehood is now being used to give asylum to men like Cardinal Law.' Gaza tunnel deaths 4 die in smuggling tunnel after toxic gas pumped in, then dynamite used to blow it up.' Bishop Priests think child abuse 'doesn't break celibacy' Report Afghan violence up 90% | nDefense officials see 'encouraging trends' even with 240% spike in IED's. Flocking eastern European here. Just sayin'  Wrong reaction to Brown. Burka banned in Belgium..' Top secret space plane has Americas enemies scared. Is it a space bomber? Thats what the Iranians are asking  and they have every reason to be spooked' Australian Prime Minister launches double attack on smokers' Australia Bans Logos, Branding From Cigarette Packs' ID cards required to use public internet  UAE gov't Space balloon wipes out car [Video]' Harsh realities in Mexico' Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted for a law that would ban women from wearing the full Islamic face veil in public. Noone voted against it US threatens Israel with not protecting it with UN veto if settlements building goes ahead' The White Womans Burden | Disarmingly candid account of what it's like to be a white woman, married to an Indian, in India. My husband is neither loudspoken, nor imposing. As a result, he often gets mistaken as my guide' Rescuing girls from sex slavery ' China said Friday that a Chinese diplomat in the U.S. was beaten and injured by Houston police and urged an investigation to ensure diplomatic practices are not violated.' Improving the quality of content at /r/worldnews (we need your help)' Gonorrhea Could Become Untreatable' China lifts travel ban on people with HIV and Aids ' Not just the Catholic Church Sexual abuse scandal rocks Boy Scouts of America after $18.5m payout' Geopolitically optimised map of Europe. What if countries were moved to other parts of the continent where they would be happier, among friends?' The Pakistani military, long reluctant to heed American urging that it attack Pakistani militant groups in their main base in North Waziristan, is coming around to the idea that it must do so, in its own interests.' Betrayer and Betrayed New Documents Reveal Truth on NATO's 'Most Damaging' Spy  For years, from his senior position in Estonia's Defense Ministry, Herman Simm leaked highly sensitive NATO intelligence and the names of Western spies to Russia's foreign intelligence service A Russian company is marketing a devastating new cruise missile system which can be hidden inside a shipping container, giving any merchant vessel the capability to wipe out an aircraft carrier.' Brazilian street vendors are hawking a video of an elderly priest molesting an altar boy. Dom Phillips reports from Brazil on the popes brewing crisis in South America.' Palestinians who throw rocks from hundreds of meters away as a symbolic protest are shot at by the IDF, Israeli 'settler' fires on group of Palestinian  and Israeli protesters and the IDF join in. Official investigation into Icelandic banks' collapse finds evidence of mismanagement, possibly fraud. Banks lent heavily to controlling shareholders and legislators, ramped up share prices What Russia gets from the Ukraine gas deal (Hint It's not just a place to dock its Black Sea Fleet.) Man attacks preschool children with hammer in China.(WTF?)' Three Houston police officers have been restricted to desk duty after they followed a Chinese diplomat into the parking garage of the Chinese Consulate, arrested the man and injured him.' Ghost estates testify to Irish boom and bust' Fears of Euro Zone Domino Effect  Will Greek Contagion Bring Portugal Down?' Greece plans tough new austerity measures' GET KONY How an American bikerturnedorphanagerunning preacher is hunting down the head of the deathdealing Lords Resistance Army in Africa' Chinese Activist Gao Zhisheng Disappears Again Weeks After Release' 26 basic questions about Iran with answers that might surprise you' Linguists discover dying languages in New York City' Family Portraits of all 56 ethnic groups in China' Wed Guy stabs 15 children at a primary school. Thurs Different guy stabs 28 kindergartners. Fri Third guy attacks preschoolers with a hammer and sets himself on fire.' WWII Inside Hitler's Bunker  Photo Gallery  Neverbeforepublished LIFE photos. 'Hey Man, Good Food'  G8 Chefs Baffled By Laura Bush's 'Poisoning' Claims French spy, the CIA, and the Syrian reactor  Nice little story about how France beat CIA to get closein pictures of Syrian nuclear reactor after 2007 Israeli bombing. French military attach coolly drove out to site and took them himself' Why Greece is bankrupt breathtaking tax evasion  20% of doctors in a rich neighborhood claim to earn less than $13K, and over half claim less than $40K.' Men who force women to wear burka would face 15,000 fine in France ' Life in the German empire  Germanys fortunes are now intimately linked to a circle of countries that have become economic colonies' Putin stuns Ukraine with surprise gas deal' Draining glacial lakes causes a big chill  The idea that the melting that produced glacial lakes could ultimately have an enormous cooling effect on the climate may seem counterintuitive, but it's based on fairly straightforward geography.  A German scientist has developed one of the first translation programs suitable for everyday use. Sheer computing power gives the Google software surprisingly good results  perhaps the best yet seen created by a machine.' 'Hoodies, louts, scum' how media demonises teenagers Dutch Navy Releases Video of Storming of Ship Taken by Pirates from April 5th 2010 [FOXNews]. Very neat.' BP's chief executive Tony Haywood is flying to Louisiana later to personally oversee the emergency mopup operation. India's Dirty War  A violent struggle over resourcerich land is pitting billionaires against Maoists. Thousands of villagers have been killed and displaced. Iran's Ahmadinejad claims multiple documented  links between Washington and various extremist  terrorist organisations around the globe. A catastrophe looms on Louisianas coast    nAs the oil begins to wash ashore, David Usborne reports from a community powerless to save itself' Once anarchic, Rwanda now borders on Orwellian Where genocidal gangs once roamed, an oppressive, thoughtcontrolling police state has arisen.' Spanish Unemployment Tops 20%, Hurting Deficit Fight   Spain's economic crisis is far more important to the EU than Greece. In addition to massive unemployment and a stagnant economy, one of Spain's biggest problems at the moment is ability to rollover 225 billion of euro denominated debt. Egypt declares state of emergency at Gaza border' Taiwan carries out first death sentences in 5 years' Bolivia Nationalizes Power Companies ' Canada Sounds the Alarm Significant and imminent decline in both Canadian natural gas production and natural gas exports to the US' Wall Street's game of risk with Greece More than 3,000 European Jews, including prominent intellectuals, have signed a petition speaking out against Israeli settlement policies and warning that systematic support for the Israeli government is dangerous.' North Korean sense of humour' New luxury prison in Norway' Greek Wealth Is Everywhere, Just Not on Tax Forms  Tax investigators studied satellite photos of the area where 324 residents checked the box on their tax returns admitting that they owned pools and came back with a decidedly different number 16,974 pools.' Brazil and Norway, two other major oilproducing nations require an acoustic switch on their wells as lastresort protection against underwater spills. The U.S. considered requiring a remotecontrolled shutoff mechanism several years ago but guess what...' Mexico's crime syndicates increasingly target authorities in drug war's new phase Island of music and murder, With 268 armed gangs or neighbourhood 'corner crews' locked in deadly turf wars, Jamaica is one of the most violent societies on earth. South Korea vows to retaliate over warship sinking' Question about the Greek debt. What did they spend all that money on?' France admits killing Afghan kids, The French army has admitted killing four children with a missile strike in a Talibancontrolled area of Afghanistan.' Nuclear submarines went to sea with potentially disastrous defect.  British vessels Turbulent and Tireless allowed to leave port with safety valves sealed off, risking catastrophic explosion, leaked memo reveals.' What does it mean for Greece? Well to start with Civil servants will lose up to two months in wages, with salaries and pensions being frozen during the threeyear programme.' At least 45 dead in Somalia mosque attack' Bolivia has nationalised at least four power companies, expanding state control over the Latin American nation's key industries. Electoral dysfunction Why democracy is always unfair  Ensuring a free vote is a matter for the law. Making elections fair is more a matter for mathematicians. ' The UK is getting ready to use a new type of speed cameras that can calculate a motorists speed using satellites.' Does this makes sense?  Radical tax on debt put to parties  Households should pay a new tax on every pound of debt they owe, according to one of Britain's leading economists.  Maoist strike shuts down Nepal; gov't urges talks Thousands across the globe stage marches, protests on May Day' Even Israel's biggest lovers are growing impatient. Andy Borowitz Goldman Sachs Reveals it Shorted Gulf of Mexico' A man has been arrested over an alleged 300,000 fraud and moneylaundering operation which led to the closure of a charity founded by Prince Charles' Increasingly powerful Conservative grassroots organisation numbers 37 prospective candidates among its members' 15,000 kids skip school to protest oil pollution in Kuwait' BA caught short as all airliner's toilets fail