 And India wins the Cricket World Cup Mexican Documentary banning it has resulted in even more people seeing it 
 Wreckage from Air France jet found in Atlantic More than 1,000 civilians have been killed in a western Ivory Coast town Hundreds under house arrest in China and dozens disappear in the past few weeks in what democracy activists say is the worst crackdown in a decade. Scientists have created genetically modified cattle that produce human milk in a bid to make cows' milk more nutritious. Israel wants UN to bury Gaza crimes report Calls for shelving Goldstone Report that said it had committed war crimes during its 20082009 Gaza offensive Mubarak has left Egypt Anonymous takes on NASDAQ OMX Group and Sweden's Elite Wallenberg Family Corporations. Koch Industries Registers To Lobby Alberta Canada 
Gov't  Fukushima Workers Muzzled. Distortions, lies, message control, and misinformation from TEPCO. Outrage rising in Japan. List of people killed in Bahrain since 14th February 2011 | Bahrain Center for Human Rights The European Union has found a solution to the problem of radioactive contamination in food. The radiation limits for fish from Japan have been raised 20fold.[Video] Head of Religious police in district of Meccah fired for claiming mixing of sexes is permitted and congregational prayer is not obligatory,  under Islam. Bahrain bans main opposition newspaper German utility RWE AG says it has filed a lawsuit against the government's decision to take older nuclear power plants temporarily off the grid in the wake of Japan's Fukushima disaster. 6.7 Magnitude Earthquake strikes near Indonesia Chinese police detain artist Ai Weiwei A 64yearold cabbage farmer from Fukushima prefecture killed himself one day after the government imposed restrictions on the sale of produce from the region. (Translated) Head of U.N. Panel Regrets Saying Israel Intentionally Killed Gazans Moscow cops confiscate copies of book outing corrupt authorities French forces take over Abidjan (Ivory Coast) airport... Crack under japanese nuclear reactor leaking radioactive materials into Pacific Ocean Dozens of people helped create an autonomous zone in Trafalgar square this evening, pitching eleven tents and establishing a planned 24hour occupation to campaign against government cuts and to show solidarity with arrestees at last week's protests [pics] Turkish nuclear plans on Mediterranean raise fears UN set to recognize Palestine as a sovereign nation, including all of the West Bank and Gaza.  Defiant Japanese Boat Captain Rode Out Tsunami I talked to my boat and said you've been with me 42 years. If we live or die, then we'll be together, then I pushed on full throttle . . . I climbed the wave like a mountain. When I thought I had got to the top, the wave got even bigger. Ai Weiwei, an outspoken critic of the Chinese government and Chinas bestknown artist, is missing. His whereabouts are unknown after being detained by police. His arrest is part of a wider government crackdown on dissidents in which many have been criminally detained, arrested, or disappeared. Japanese Mayor Pleads for His Starving Town it' time  the global initiative for drug policy reform Tepco prepares to dump 11,500L of radioactive water 
into the Pacific Ivory Coast Crisis  1000 killed in a single day in village of Duekoue. French and UN helicopters have fired on military camps operated by Ivory Coast incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo, in an effort to halt attacks on civilians. Muslim Brotherhood advocates Egyptian modesty police  Call adds to concerns among liberals that the country is going Islamic after attacks on Muslim mystic tombs, Christians Russian journalist attacked by man after failed pick up attempt. Calls cops only to find out the man is the local police chief... France The prevailing sentiment among opponents of the government's debate on religion is that the government is exploiting division, fear of Islam and xenophobia for political gain. Gaddafi wants truce with rebels, seeks Turkey to mediate 61% of Israeli voters over 55 would support a peace deal. Only 37% under 35 would approve. Worrying. 2 Qaddafi Sons Are Said to Offer Plan to Push Father Out and Create Democracy Operation Payback Anon to target Sony in row over information sharing. Norway's Parliament has agreed to the EU data directive Muslims in France Ask to Use Empty Churches  Bodies of victims in 2009 Air France flight 447 found in underwater wreckage Troops fire on Yemen protest, murdering at least 6 civilians First shots fired from UN/French forces in the Ivory Coast Tsunami dog reunited with owner Head of U.N. Panel Regrets Saying Israel Intentionally Killed Gazans Fukushima officials want to release 11,500 tons of radioactive water into the ocean. That's classified as over 100 times more radioactive than legal limits Thousands are missing in Mexico  
A Mexican human rights group says more than 5,000 people have been reported missing since the War on Drugs began Syrian cell phones, internet down ProPalestinian Jewish Activist Shot Dead in Jenin by Palestinian Terrorists Germany to phase out nuclear power Japan stops radioactive leaks into sea from reactor ElBaradei If Israel Attacks Gaza, Egypt Will Strike Back
 Ciudad Juarez has experienced a 4day murder spree resulting in 41 dead within 96 hours Ecuador has declared the U.S. ambassador to the country 'persona non grata' over Wikileaks cables and wants the envoy to leave immediately Japan's ocean radiation hits 7.5 million times legal limit High readings in fish prompt the government to establish a maximum level for safe consumption Radioactive iodine131 readings taken from seawater near the water intake of the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant's No. 2 reactor reached 7.5 million times the legal limit, Tokyo Electric Power Co. admitted Tuesday Al Jazeera demands the immediate release of one correspondent and two cameramen still detained by Gaddafi's forces. Tapes emerge a day before Berlusconi goes on trial for allegedly paying for sex with an underage prostitute and using his office to cover it up. Palestinian human rights group condemned hamas for building, storing, and operating rockets in densely populated areas Concern for missing Chinese artist Ai Weiwei  Acclaimed artist's apparent detention draws international condemnation while his whereabouts remains a mystery. Leading Israelis push for twostate solution with new peace initiative Oil could hit $200$300 on Saudi unrestYamani Mystery plane kills two in Sudan air raid Iman alObeidi, Libya Woman Who Claimed Rape, Speaks With CNN Anderson Cooper (VIDEO) Phone hacking Two senior Murdoch press journalists arrested in the UK The world's worst human rights abusers continue to get pass from UN Human Rights Council Saudi Arabian Haia officers get training to combat black magic British PM tells Pakistan elite 'Many of your richest people are getting away without paying much tax at all  and that's not fair' David Cameron Britain caused many of the world's problems Veteran Police Officer in Toronto Jailed for 90 Days for Breaking Prisoner's Arm.  41 die in four days in Juarez killing spree Chaos reigns as Anonymous attacks toilet paper, Sweden, itself TEPCO Offers Apology Money over Fukushima Nuclear Disaster $12 a Head
 Julian Assange WikiLeaks is the intelligence agency of the people Japan Radioactive leak plugged! Video of police assault on Ian Tomlinson, who died at the London G20 protest in 2009 It shows Tomlinson, who was not part of the demonstration, being assaulted from behind and pushed to the ground by batonwielding police 75 Year old Georgian Woman shuts down Armenian internet for 12 hours. International Energy Agency says peak oil happened in 2006 Wikileaks Afghan School Success A Myth  Confidential documents give a bleak picture of Afghan schools supported by the West. Portugal calls for EU financial bailout The cop who pushed Ian Tomlinson to the ground during the G20 protests told an inquest into the newspaper seller's death that he had been in fear for my life David Cameron Britain caused many of the world's problems New IsraeliPalestinian peace proposal presented 
and endorsed by Mossad and Shin Bet chief, among 
others. Sovereign Palestine, 1967 borders, return 
fo the Golan Heights to Syria In postMubarak Egypt, abductions of women have become a phenomenon spread against the background of lawlessness English surgeons protest long wait times for major operations that keep patients in severe pain for months & other surgeries being outright denied in order to save money for the National Health Service. GPs were told not so send as many patients to hospital[...] Japans tsunamiravaged towns forgot wisdom left by their ancestors centuries ago NHK Radioactivity at Fukushima Daiichi No. 13 exceeds capacity of monitoring devices Japan is very sorry about irradiating the ocean without prior notice, and promises never to do it again. Military and medical experts call on doctors to use their position of trust in society to build support for action on climate change. Ai Weiwei's detention suggests the bad old days are returning in China  
A brutal crackdown on dissenters seems to signal a return to totalitarian repression Tokyo Electric Power Company called the initial offer 'payment for their troubles,' and would not detail how much money is being offered to each community. But Kousei Negishi, who is the manager of general affairs for Namie, said that it was..about $12 for each of Namie's roughly 20,000 residents. First mention in a Chinese newspaper of the detention of Ai Weiwei  Ai Weiwei chooses to have a different attitude from ordinary people toward law. However, the law will not bend for mavericks just because of the Western media's criticism.  Sweden With Entitlements & Health Care Surpasses America Economically Gadhafi, in letter, asks Obama to end air strikes  Yahoo! News Academic researchers worldwide, including veterans of research on the Chernobyl accident, are poring over releases of data on population exposure rates to radioactive fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster. But they are finding that making any sense of the data is proving very difficult. Sudan accuses Israel over Port Sudan air strike The Sudanese government says Israel carried out an air strike on a car near the city of Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast which killed its two passengers. Over a barrel Oil could hit $200$300 on Saudi unrest Syria's only casino has been shut down and a ban on teachers wearing the Islamic veil reversed, in an effort to reach out to conservative Muslims. New 7.4 earthquake in Japan! Tsunami warning issued Mexican protest in over 20 cities  against the drugrelated violence sweeping the country Former Mexican president urges drug legalization  Legalization of drugs in Mexico would not only lead to lowered violence and drug consumption but also boost its economy, former Mexican President Vicente Fox said Wednesday. Tired of violence, Mexicans ready for mass protests Civil war recently broke out in Ivory Coast, where cell phones are one of the main ways of communicating, but people can't get to stores to buy credit.  So one phone company is giving all customers a bunch of free texts and calls. WHO warns of postantibiotic era I.M.F. supports Palestinian bid for state Mystery plane bombs Sudan, Israel blamed Two killed in airstrike on car close to Port Sudan on Red Sea The Roots of the Cte d'Ivoire Crisis How the demand for chocolate helped fuel the country's civil war Japanese Citys Cry Resonates Around the World School shooting in Rio de Janeiro leaves at least 13 deads, details still unfolding Inside report from Fukushima nuclear reactor evacuation zone Saudi Twitter community hears about a child that has gone missing ... groups up to look for him ... finds him after only 3 hours Stone Markers from Japan's past Tsunami Warnings From Ancestors Were Forgotten Video tour of Fukushima evacuation zone. Cracked streets, smashed cars, wandering dogs, and dosimeters. (Warning ear piercing dosimeter alarm beginning @ 200  turn volume down)  David Cameron has suggested that Britain and the legacy of its empire was responsible for many of the world's historic problems Bahrain has taken on the likeness of a police state with mass arrests and reports of torture.  Emergency laws give the security forces the right to search houses at will without a warrant and dissolve any organization, including legal political parties, deemed a danger to the state The Real Meaning of 'Bunga Bunga'  
Berlusconi's sex scandal shows a racist, sexist side of Italy Palestinians in a West Bank town say Israeli troops have rounded up some 200 women as part of a search for the killer of five Israelis in a nearby settlement last month Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates has been insisting for months that he would not ask the EU for help. But on Wednesday he announced he was doing just that, after bond yields reached an unsustainable level. The bailout could amount to as much as 80 billion euros. Israeli army invades Palestinian village, kidnaps residents, imposes curfew. GlobalPost correspondent James Foley, and 3 other foreign journalists, have been detained by forces loyal to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi Saudis So Unhappy' With Obama They Sent Emissaries to China, Russia Seeking Enhanced Ties Harsh confrontation between IDF soldiers, Israeli leftist protesters Mau Mau compensation case to begin Four Kenyans who allege they were tortured during the suppression of the Mau Mau uprising are starting legal proceedings against the UK government. A human skull dated to about 2,684 years ago with an 'exceptionally preserved' human brain still inside of it was recently discovered in a waterlogged U.K. pit...The brain is the oldest known intact human brain from Europe and Asia...it's one of the bestpreserved ancient brains in the world. Russia reveals plans for base on the moon  Russia has announced that it intends to build a base on the moon within 20 years, which it plans to use as a staging post for a manned mission to Mars. UN finds more than 100 dead bodies in the Ivory Coast, some of which were burned alive Chinese gov.to use the happiness of the people as a new yardstick to measure the performance of officials, replacing the 30yearold yardstick of GDP growth.  UNICEF Snipers targeting children in Libya city Thousands of protesters have left Cairo's Tahrir Square headed to the Israeli embassy, demanding the flag be taken down and the gas supply from Egypt to Israel to be blocked Poland Edges Toward Drug Decriminalization Banker goes to prison [Iceland]. German newspaper publishes the original NRC Assessment about Fukushima concluding that Tepco made mistakes and the situation is worse than they are letting on. Russian artists Voina who drew 210foot penis on St. Petersburg drawbridge get award from Ministry of Culture Russia's FSB (domestic security service) proposes to enhance control, possibly ban communication providers like Skype, Gmail and Hotmail. Kremlin assures there are no such plans at the moment. Climate talks stall over richpoor rifts Poorer nations condemn US stubbornness at UN summit A Royal Navy officer was killed and another is fighting for their life after a shooting on board a top nuclear submarine [HMS Astute]. A sailor...was arrested after the incident earlier today [8 April 2011]. Both victims were officers serving on the stateofthe art submarine... Ethnically motivated killings in Ivory Coast. Canada Changes Position On GM Wheat! GM varieties are NOT contemplated at this time. Israeli missile defense system intercepts Hamas rocket Old man stranded in Japanese town since the tsunami/earthquake.  Just 12 miles from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. Milk poisoning kills children in China Heads Up, Mexico You May be Next  Egypt protesters demand Mubarak trial  Thousands gather in Cairo's Tahrir Square, calling for prosecution of the ousted president and his regime.  Iceland is voting tomorrow to reject the Icesave bill. Its goal is to enslave the Icelandic population third world style with huge debt followed by austerity measures and prostitution of our natural resources.  British High Courts award damages to a man wrongfully caught up in the Operation Ore child porn investigation many of the accused were nothing more than victims of creditcard fraud Japan earthquake and tsunami debris floats across the Pacific toward the US west coast. Five Russian journalists kidnapped by Libyan rebels today... and released several hours later Brazilian gunman kills 11 children... Man goes on killing spree in Dutch shopping mall. At least 5 to 10 people killed.  People power finally takes Govt. of India by surprise. Agrees on a stronger anticorruption bill. Dutch government cutting more than one in six of all military jobs as part of spending cuts aimed at balancing the budget. Egyptian military beats protesters, fires shots in Cairo's Tahrir Square Egyptian soldiers attack protesters in Tahrir square. A redditor's pics of Cairo's Tahrir Square being cleared out by the military last night. Egypt Gunfire reported as soldiers storm Cairo's Tahrir Square, where protesters had been joined by army officers. Over one million protesters in Cairo's Liberation square demand military rulers lift the blockade on Gaza. [VIDEO] Gaddafi honestly can't say they are not firing at anyone and then not expect this. NATO watches tank fire shell and then responds. WikiLeaks Yemen tricked Saudis into nearly bombing president's rival Japan's mafia aid effort. A total of 72 bodies have been found in mass graves in northeastern Mexico, believed to have been migrants kidnapped from a bus headed to the U.S. border. TEPCO contractors reject higher radiation dose limit for workers Stranded and alone 75yearold man found alive at his devastated farmhouse four weeks after Japan earthquake and tsunami Japan's government has announced it will ban farmers from planting rice in soil contaminated by radiation from the tsunamiflooded nuclear power plant, adding another food central to Japanese culture to the list of items raising concerns. Mass murder and rape in Ivory Coast. Germany Freak sandstorm causes deadly motorway pileup USA to fund $20m Pakistani remake of Sesame Street  Britain's defense ministry has confirmed that a Royal Navy officer was shot dead by a fellow sailor aboard a nuclear powered submarine. A year after crash of polish plane in Smolensk, 
Russians changed text on a memorial plate. Rebels repel assault on Misurata  Rage on The lavish lifestyle of Teodorin, son of Equatorial Guinea's dictator and US friend A Syrian shot dead by security while he was in a funeral for another Syrian shot at by the regime's security Sesame Street heads to Pakistan US government aid agency sponsors $20m Pakistani remake of the American kids' TV show
 Syrian protests turn deadly; 32 reported killed Something bad happened at the Fukushima power plant in the last 48 hours... Murdoch faces flood of hacking claims  could face criminal charges A massive Russian cargo plane roared into Atlanta on Friday to pick up one of the worlds largest concrete pumps, which has been retrofitted to pour water on a Japanese nuclear power plant stricken by an earthquake and tsunami.(pic)

 Icelanders reject debt repayment plan  Those hero Japanese workers at the stricken nuclear power plant? Day labor, Temp workers...  Rupert Murdoch to be implicated?  Please, let it be so! Police in Northern Ireland have said that a 500lb bomb left in a van may have been destined for a town centre. Mexican drug cartels targeting and killing children  Is this what winning the war on drugs looks like? UK and Netherlands to sue Iceland over lost deposits Fukushima gov. slams TEPCO, govt for etrayal', Kosovo elects first woman President, and she is only 35 years old.  BBC News  Iceland sets to reject Icesave repayment deal Rupert Murdoch faces rush of phone hack claims Japanese citizens turning in cash found in tsunami zone woman barred from SkyTrain for wearing button displaying the fword Taliban takes over abandoned US base. WikiLeak says Israel ruled out military option on Iran years ago 2005 report says senior defense officials did not believe an attack similar to Israel's assault on Iraq's Osirak reactor was possible. Turkey leads world in imprisoning journalists.  Study finds Turkey surpasses Iran and China with 57 jailed journalists; reporters can be imprisoned for up to 3 years before trials begin. Muammar Gaddafi has accepted a roadmap for ending the conflict in Libya Yemen security forces again open fire on protesters At least 2 killed and scores of prodemocracy protesters wounded as Yemen president rejects international calls for him to step down. Military Crackdown On Protesters In Egypt
 Syrian security forces beat up dead protester then drag his bloodied corpse (graphic) Ciudad Juarez, Mexico How cartels have turned the city's youth into hit men and cannon fodder  17yearold Jose Antonio has seen more firefights and murders than many soldiers serving in Iraq or Afghanistan Northern Ireland bomb attempt 'threatened mass murder' Police say bomb found in van on main Belfast to Dublin road could have resulted in huge devastation and loss of life Egypt's ruling generals ready to use force to clear Cairo square. Antiporn MP caught surfing sex websites during parliament MIT NSE Nuclear Information Hub  this is the only source I've seen reFukushima that seems at all reliable.  Please upvote so everyone can see. Canada's New Democratic Party promises national broadband and net neutrality French police arrested two veiled women just hours after the country's new ban on wearing the burka in public came into force Ghost cities in China so surreal  Another earthquake in Japan at 7.1 magnitude All countries, including Ireland, should hold a referendum on bank bailouts. The reckless lending of private financial institutions in Ireland is being turned into public debt without a public debate  Interview with Icelandic MP Legal scholars attack 'degrading' treatment of WikiLeaks soldier France starts implementing burka ban An explosion has ripped through a subway station in the centre of the Belarusian capital, Minsk Rupert Murdoch's flagship tabloid British Sunday admits to hacking phones of royal family's household staff, politicians, celebrities, athletes Dubai Police came to take him at 330am Arab League to ask UN to implement nofly zone over Gaza RoundupReady Crops May Be Causing Animal Miscarriages and Infertility Former rugby player who took an axe to the men who gangraped his daughter doesn't actually have a daughter Ivory Coast French soldiers 'hand Gbagbo to rebels' UN rights expert denied WikiLeaks suspect visit Voters in Iceland rejected deal to repay Britain and the Netherlands $5billion for their citizens' deposits in failed online bank. From Moscow to Mecca As this part of Russias empire frays, fundamentalist Islam takes a stronger hold  Vancouver radiation tests show iodine131 in rainwater at almost 100 times above US drinking water limit. Indonesia antiporn MP quits for watching porn Bolivia is set to pass the world's first laws granting all nature equal rights to humans  The Law of Mother Earth Japan Fails to Stop Radioactive Discharge Into Ocean FBI destroyed thousands of UFO reports, 1949 memo reveals Radiation risks from Fukushima no longer negligible. U.N. diplomat charged with investigating claims of torture is denied private meeting with WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning The burka is already banned in Turkey and banned in Syrian universities. Are these countries with predominantly Muslim populations 'racist' and Islamophobic for banning the burka? Japan to raise Fukushima crisis level from 5 to 7, the worst on the international scale. University students film tsunami striking Nakatsugawa City  (Caution Advised) The Netherlands is demanding fluency of their official language for citizenship. Syrian soldiers shot for refusing to fire on peaceful protesters Egyptian blogger found guilty by military of insulting the military and of publishing false news. He is sentenced to 3 years. The lawyers were not present, the verdict was handed out almost in secret It's official Fukushima 1 is a Level 7 disaster  How Iceland broke the rules and got away with it Pakistan has demanded that the United States steeply reduce the number of Central Intelligence Agency operatives and Special Operations forces working in Pakistan, and that it put on hold C.I.A. drone strikes aimed at militants in northwest Pakistan, a sign of the near collapse of cooperation  U.N. expert frustrated with U.S. over WikiLeaks soldier  Palestinian institutions ready for statehood U.N. Fukushima reactor #4 is on fire (it's a new one) Bolivia grants rights to nature Atomic Deserts A Survey of the World's Radioactive NoGo Zones Mass Graves Found in Mexico  BBC Japan Prepares To Raise Level Of Nuke Crisis To The Most Severe  The government is also expected to expand the evacuation zone  both signs that the crisis is getting worse, not better.

 This is what history looks like in Mexico Mubarak hospitalized by heart attack Priceless Egyptian Treasures Returned Syrian security forces attack village Witnesses says Syrian security forces opened fire indiscriminately on villagers in Baida Pakistan asks US to stop drone raids, cut CIA operations Syrian opposition says 200 killed in protests  
Assad's security forces crack down on prodemocracy protesters; Syrian rights group petitions Arab League to impose sanctions. I am frustrated by my lack of access to Bradley E. 
Manning, says the UN Special Rapporteur on 
Torture the poor simply do not exist in the mental map of the wealthy.  Running out of real estate in Brazil's slums. The Canadian Cannabis laws have been declared invalid, in 90 days it will be fully re legalized. Bolivia is drawing up a draft UN treaty which would give Mother Earth the same rights as humans, including the right to life, to pure water and clean air.
 The clatter of helicopter blades echoed across the jungles of northwestern Ecuador...The police had received a tip that a gang of Colombian drug smugglers had set up a clandestine work site here...And whatever the traffickers were building, the tipster had warned, was truly enormous. Susan Manning calls on British foreign secretary to check her son's physical and mental health in maximum security custody New Zealand's trying to pass a previously rejected threestrikes Internet disconnection law by attaching it to legislation dealing with the earthquakes in Christchurch. US WikiLeaks Suspect Bradley Manning's Jail 
Conditions Criticized By Germany's Parliament Rebels Hijack Gadhafi's Phone Network MEXICO 39 killed in Ciudad Juarez in four days WikiLeaks Bradley Manning treatment may be 
'illegal and unconstitutional' The scam was not complicated. Coins taken out of 
circulation are destroyed and sold as scrap metal. 
Often, however, one and two euro coins are merely 
split in two. A group in China would simply 
reassemble the coins. Hugh Grant wears wire to turn tables on journalist about Phonehacking Syria Thousands come out to protest imprisonment of hundreds of Syrian men arrested by authorities in recent days Armenian nuclear power plant still operating with out containment structures, just like Chernobyl.  And it sits on some of Earth's most earthquakeprone terrain MEXICO  Mexican investigators have found a total of 116 bodies in pits near the U.S. border, 28 more than previously reported Israeli Foreign Minister Lieberman faces corruption charges Libyan rebels 10,000 people killed by proGadhafi forces, 30,000 wounded, 20,000 missing Nokia will lay off up to 6,000 next week  Microsoft partnership more takeover than deal Governor of Santa Cruz, Bolivia was shot after attempting to stop a mugging British Banker Dies in Plunge from Singapore Hotel Rooftop Bar. North Korean leader Kim Jongil is unlikely to bow to pressure to surrender his nuclear capability because he believes it is vital for 'regime survival,' the U.S. commander in South Korea said on Tuesday [12 April 2011]. Indonesian clinic touts smoking as cancer cure  The 'treatment' for the emphysema sufferer includes the blowing of smoke from 'divine cigarettes' infused with 'nanotechnology' to remove their cancercausing 'free radicals, through a tube into her diseased lungs. Japan's crisis one month later In new protest, Syrian women block main highway  Oil above $122 Pressure at fukushima reactor vessel 1 at around 10bars (quite a lot) and rising Jamaica to Look Again at Decriminalizing Marijuana Briton eaten to death' in a Dubai police cell after being arrested for swearing Japan's crisis one month later  STUNNING Photos UK activists win case against Metropolitan Police at the G20 protests  High Court ruled police kettling was not justified Thousands could sue over police kettling at G20 protests Syria 'Don't kill more than 20 protesters in one day'  March 23 Syrian intelligence document details strategy to counter rebel sentiment, create links between rebels, Zionist regime. Last Two Speakers of Dying Language Refuse to Talk to Each Other Tepco says fuel rods in the spentfuelpool of reactor #4 are damaged, fission may have resumed. New plan move the spent fuel somewhere, somehow. Remember Tunisia's uprising? They remember their old dictator, Ben Ali, and are charging him with 18 counts including conspiring against the state, voluntary manslaughter, and drug trafficking Russia won't allow hunting of polar bears this year Police in Moscow discover what they are calling an underground town housing illegal immigrants from Central Asia in a Sovietera bomb shelter in the city Libyan rebels supplied with antitank weapons by Qatar North Korea identifies arrested American journalist Man identified as Jun YoungSu will be charged with crimes against the nation, state media says. Norwegian royal guard soldiers fled and hid under 
their beds when the alarm sounded that the royal 
family was under attack. China decides to ban Time Travel. 'Secret Syria Document' posted on Facebook details brutal tactics against protesters Berlusconi will not seek reelection Israelis in Eilat want to throw 'african infiltrators [refugees]' out of the country Irradiated student evacuee bullied at new school in Japan I've seen a lot of comments on reddit about Mexico lately. To have a better understanding of the complexity of the problem, listen to this episode of Fresh Air. American Christian settlers in Palestine About 
1,000 Americans have signed a document 
requesting to convert to Judaism, move to Israel, 
and settle in Samaria. Mexican police implicated in mass graves. Australian Navy rescues hostages from pirates Fukushima raw milk is being sold again after radiation is measured to be below the government's acceptable limit.  Meanwhile France just days earlier warns pregnant women and small children to avoid milk. So who is right? ProPalestinian Activist kidnapped by Gaza Islamists Libya Rebels Execute, Behead, Mutilate Gaddafi Army after they Surrender... Suddenly, Everyone Is Realizing That The British Are Sending The US A Huge Warning US blocked UN access to Bradley Manning  World 
Politics, World  The Independent Woman who attempted suicide while pregnant is accused of murder Wife, child of man beaten to death by Police left with no source of income Video of brutal beating by South African police on a protester at a service delivery protest. He later died of his wounds [NSFW] Widow, 74, labelled a terrorist and ordered out of Canada  thestar.com  A widow who fled Sri Lanka after her husbands assassination has been ordered to return Outcry over Muslim 'morality police' in Oslo, Norway Kidnapped Italian in Gaza Strip found dead The (1) breadth, (2) duration and (3) methods of repression utilised in China's latest crackdown challenge the idea that the CCP is slowly liberalising. UAE to try 14yearold girl on adultery charges Croatian 1990s War Criminals Convicted at The International Court of Justice in Hague (about time!) Hospitals show ugly truth about Bahrain, as US looks the other way Melted nuclear fuel likely settled at bottom of crippled reactors Body of kidnapped Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni found in Gaza U.S., allies see Libyan rebels in hopeless disarray The realistic outlook, U.S. and European officials said, is for an indefinite stalemate between the rebels  supported by NATO air power  and Gaddafi's forces. Family facing deportation from Canada because their 8 year old daughter suffers from cerebral palsy and is deemed an excessive burden on the health care system.  Japan Discloses Data on Radioactive Water Release. More than 10000 metric tons of lowlevel radioactive water was discharged from the quakehit Fukushima Daiichi nuclear complex
 Radioactive water building up at Fukushima plant #2 faster than it can be pumped out India court grants bail to India activist Binayak Sen India's Supreme Court has granted bail to leading public health specialist and human rights activist, Dr Binayak Sen. NATO says Gadhafi must go but won't force him out Conservatives ask Elections Canada to nullify student votes; xpost from r/Canada Thousands of protesters demand reform in Syria Body count from mass graves in Mexico rises to 145 Finnish nationalists challenge EU bailouts in election that has Europe on edge In China, a death sentence for a young businesswoman chills entrepreneurs. (What she was convicted of was raising and pooling money outside the official system, which is common among Chinese entrepreneurs.) Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa  the BRICS group of fastest growing economies  Thursday [14 April 2011] signed an agreement to use their own currencies instead of the predominant US dollar in issuing credit or grants to each other. Police made sixth arrest in their investigation of Anonymous that launched a series of cyber attacks on major firms it saw as antiWikiLeaks Ian Tomlinson died of fall injuries from push by police officer at G20 protest, says pathologist The Law In China the government now dismisses the idea that one function of the law is to defend people against the arbitrary exercise of state power. Is net neutrality disappearing? France's President Sarkozy holding a summit next month to decide the future of the Internet... Mass demonstrations in Budapest against the new constitution They just kidnapped us in San Fernando. If anything happens, just tell my parents, thanks, I love them.  A fiveday standoff between monks and armed police at a Tibetan monastery in western China could become explosive, the Dalai Lama has warned. Arnold Gundersen, nuclear expert I absolutely disagree with the scientists who say that Fukushimas not going to hurt anyone. The numbers Ive seen, from reputable scientists, are that Fukushima is going to kill 200,000 from increased cancers over the next 50 years. Radioactivity Rises in Sea Again off Japan Nuclear Plant Levels of radioactivity have risen sharply in seawater near a tsunamicrippled nuclear plant in northern Japan, signaling the possibility of new leaks at the facility, the government said Saturday. U.S. offers unmanned chopper to help remove Fukushima spent fuel Atomic Deserts A Survey of the World's Radioactive NoGo Zones Bahrain strips grants and tuition payments from its students who protested the kingdom in the UK Pregnant Thieves in China The purpose of our pregnancy is for convenient thefts. Otherwise, we are not going to get pregnant. We all have learned the law, knowing that the pregnant women wont get punishment, they claimed without any repentance. Tens of thousands of antigovernment protesters have massed in Belgrade, Serbia to call for early elections, amid growing anger over the economy and corruption Syria's emergency law to be lifted Levels of radioactivity have risen sharply in seawater near a tsunamicrippled nuclear plant in northern Japan, signaling the possibility of new leaks at the facility, the government said Saturday. Qaddafi Troops Fire Cluster Bombs Into Civilian Areas Bahrain cracks down on protesting footballers 'Foreign Policy Suicide' Berlin's Hesitancy in the UN and the World Unemployed foreigners under threat. Will have to leave  Bolivia protests challenge Evo Morales Protesters in Bolivia have blocked main roads and clashed with police, on the ninth day of nationwide demonstrations against the government.  Sri Lanka The leaked UN war crimes report Key points and context Big aftershocks continue to jolt Japan Armenia makes Chess a compulsory subject in schools  about time we taught kids some logic. World Bank president warns that the world is one shock away from a fullblown crisis Two teenage Palestinians admitted to carrying out the brutal murder of five Israeli family members Raul Castro proposes term limits in Cuba Germany to close all nuclear plants. Morgan Stanley Defaulted on a Loan and Walked away from Offices in Tokyo Belarus is stuck somewhere in the 1960s; the thought of a serious terror attack has about as much relevance as a Martian invasion Internet mistake reveals UK nuclear submarine secrets France stops all Italian trains carrying north African immigrants  The West Versus China A New Cold War Begins on Libyan Soil Bahrain braced for new wave of repression New arrests and death of a female student fuel sectarian tensions with troop movements signalling another government crackdown on protests Keep a weather eye on next month's G8 gathering of ministers and Web mogulsa potential oligarchy in the making  France shuts border to trains from Italy to stop north African migrants and political activists from entering country. Suicide bomber explodes in Mosque in Java Conditions May Be Deteriorating at Japanese Nuclear Power Plant. Intensely radioactive water from reactor Unit 2 is filling a nearby tunnel faster than workers can empty it, and radioactive levels of seawater near the plant increased sixfold following an aftershock on Saturday. Cuba's communists are set to redefine what Cuba means by socialism at a historic gathering today Mexico A leader of the powerful Zetas gang cartel has been arrested in connection with the deaths of more than 140 people In their conference Star of Egyptian revolt blasts worlds elites as partners in crime TEPCO Releases 3 Videos From Unmanned Helicopter Drones Above Fukushima (See comments for links to the other two videos) BBC News  EU bailout nerves as Finland holds general election China Orders Banks to Raise Reserves to Combat Inflation TEPCO said it aims to bring the crisis under control within six to nine months. World finance chiefs spank U.S. Communists open Congress in Cuba Hungarian mothers to get extra votes for their children in elections A FINNISH EUROSCEPTIC party that opposed immigration, the Euro, and bailouts for struggling European countries has won a fifth of votes in the countrys general election. Religious protesters in France vandalise the famous 'Piss Christ' photograph S&P Puts Negative Outlook on U.S. AAA Rating Each Of Ireland's Surviving Banks Downgraded To Junk Italy passes new law that basically ends Berlusconi's trial Gaddafis men use rape as weapon of war  More than 100 women are victims, says doctor as siege of Misrata continues Chocolate boss Ferrero dies in bike accident Pakistan Teenager tells of failed suicide bomb mission Ukraine seeks $1 billion to seal Chernobyl To protect female shoppers, young Saudi men asked to be accompanied by their families If the Saudis are 'dumping' Obama, should we be upset... or tell them not to let the door hit them on the way out? The UN looks set to update its estimated number of civilians killed during the Sri Lankan civil war from 7000 to the tens of thousands  Hindustan Times Professsor for environmental and technology Sociology nuclear plants safer than coal or water dam plants Local election in the Balearic Islands  Candidate Sole Sanchez poster censored (NSFW?) The horror movie that is the reality of being captured by Gaddafi's forces Protesters in Syrian city hold sitin Calls made for overthrow of President Assad, a day after 30 demonstrators were reportedly killed by security forces. Pope Benedict led Roman Catholics into Holy Week celebrations, telling a Palm Sunday crowd that man will pay the price for his pride if he believes technology can give him the powers of God. Radiation Still Rising at Japanese Nuclear Power Plant. Finnish elections Unprecedented gains for populist True Finns, all other major parties lose seats Robots in Japanese reactors detect high radiation Hiring of Pakistani fighters for Bahrain angers Iran Government Drug cartel leader 'El Kilo' caught in Mexico The eggs roll by, but life at Bournville has a darker side. New owner Kraft won't guarantee longterm jobs, so Cadbury workers fear this is their final Easter Libya was to be lauded for it's human rights record by the UN Human Rights Council. We've been had! Tepco Cancels Plan To Build 2 New Reactors At Fukushima. Castro resigns as head of Cuban Communist party, allows Cubans to buy and sell property for first time since 1959 Secret memos expose link between oil firms and invasion of Iraq. Plans to exploit Iraq's oil reserves were discussed by government ministers and the world's largest oil companies the year before Britain took a leading role in invading Iraq. 70 days jail for burning Koran in UK 
'I will never be cut' Kenyan girls fight back against genital mutilation  video Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks China is scary as hell Death toll in Libya reaches 10,000 Hungary Is a Disgrace for Europe  Banks can't spell Gadhafi either, so they can't freeze his assets.  CarlHenric Svanberg, President of BP and known patron of the small people, does it again Claims Most would agree that the world can withstand a few degrees of warming in Swedish interview Israeli Intellectuals Press for Palestinian State  
NYTimes.com Fidel quits Communist Party leadership as Cuba looks to reform More Bombs in Northern Ireland Japanese Ministry of Internal Affairs creates project team to combat rumors deemed harmful to Japanese security in the wake of Fukushima. They begun sending letters of request to internet providers and others demanding that they take adequate measures in response to illegal information. CEO of ThyssenKrupp in Italy sentenced to 16.5 years 
for the deaths of seven workers after a fire Bahrain escapes censure by West as crackdown on protesters intensifies  Middle East  Independent.co.uk Bulgarian nationalist attacked Jehovah witnesses meeting [violent video]  N.Korea's Nuclear Facilities 'a Disaster in the Making' UN Report  A copy of the report obtained by The Australian found credible allegations that tens of thousands of Tamil civilians were killed deliberately targeted by Sri Lankan artillery firing into nofire zones.| The Australian How could bodies pile up again in a place just 90 miles from the U.S. border where 72 migrants were slaughtered eight months ago...And how could these new horrors emerge only five months after state and federal authorities announced with much fanfare that they were mounting a coordinated offensive Japan consumers may bail out nuke plant owner Australia deports criminal to UK. French minimum wage to rise again
 Estonia Tops List for Internet Freedom Kurdish protesters clashed with police in Turkeys southeast and thousands gathered in Istanbul and Ankara after 12 proKurdish politicians were banned from running in elections Internet protests have started in New Zealand after its government passed a controversial three strikes filesharing bill under urgency Brave Saudi guy speaks out on television. Oscar Nominated Documentary Filmmaker And Photographer (Tim Hetherington and Chris Hondros) Reportedly Killed In Libya British tourist beaten to death by Dubai police  Left alone in an empty cell without water or food for three days Vladimir Putin reveals plan to boost Russian birth rate to reverse Russia's declining population. The growing rift between Putin and Medvedev could be the beginning of a twoparty system in Russia India's PSLVC16 rocket today successfully launched into orbit the latest remote sensing satellite Resourcesat2 that would study and help manage natural resources along with two nano satellites.  The conventional wisdom that Al Qaeda will rise from Yemen's ashes is being challenged by average Yemenis, who for the first time in history are claiming their freedom as individuals.  Iran central banker Lift sanctions or face spike in oil prices  oil prices will rise above $150 a barrel if economic sanctions against the Islamic theocracy are not lifted soon. Taliban suicide bomber penetrates Ministry of Defense in Kabul Japanese government targets harmful rumors; TEPCO  We don't measure the level of plutonium  2 articles Tsunami warnings, written in stone over 100 years ago, saved lives in Japan  and some who ignored them died Photojournalists Tim Hetherington, Chris Hondros killed in Libya Revolutions benefits passed over Egypts factory 
workers Europe's new telecoms law comes into effect May 25, and it avoids any explicit net neutrality rules; Commissioner pledges to name and shame bad nonneutral ISPs Supporting Ai Weiwei, Change.org falls victim to Chinese hackers | Penn Olson Two suspects in the killing of Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni die in a Hamas raid in Gaza. I Escaped From Auschwitz  


Kazimierz Piechowski, 91, was one of only 144 prisoners to break out of the death camp. He and three others stole the commandant's car. That was when the Nazis began tattooing inmates with prison numbers, for easier recapture Scores dead in Nigeria postpoll violence Libyan war accelerates Chinese debate over nonintervention Ministry of Defence ordered to disclose involvement 
in USled rendition  The coming Balkan war  Washington Times Britain to send military advisers to aid Libyan rebels Report government cyberattacks against own citizens intensifying Dozens killed in Nigeria riots Director of Restrepo and Photographer Chris Hondros killed in Misurata, Libya. Everyone within 20km of Fukushima will be forcibly evacuated and roads blocked to prevent entry Bahrain Activist Zaynab AlKhawaja's letter to President Barack Obama as she began her hunger strike. More than 80,000 people are claiming incapacity benefits because they are addicted to alcohol and drugs or are obese Libya 'mission creep' claims as UK sends in military advisers Japan considers banning access to evacuation zone Chinese oil giant Sinopec has stopped exporting oil products to maintain domestic supplies.  6.0magnitude earthquake strikes off east coast of Honshu, Japan, less than 2 hours after 5.8 shaker Next war in line At least 20 South Sudanese army soldiers have been killed in a clash with rebel fighters.

 Bahraini protester ends hunger strike after becoming convinced that being silent in a tomb and not able to speak is not in the interests of my family. China tries to scare motorists into safer driving Leaked Report Shows England Hit With Three Nuclear Incidents In February Japans cyclone season approaches. Have Oman and Qatar escaped the Arab revolts? Rioters torch Australia asylum seeker detention centre Russian migration official fired in racism row Claimed the survival of the white race was at stake in migration policy Small amounts of radioactive iodine found in breast milk War photographer, Oscarnominated film director killed in Libya
 Effeminate boys are being sent to a special camp to be retrained in Malaysia. Japan Government Declares 12Mile Area Around Plant A NoGo Zone TEPCO admitted Wednesday that nuclear fuel in reactor No. 1 could still be melting. Fukushima evacuees face arrest if they return home Prince Charles wins some kind of a record Totally sick Pakistan acquits five of the six men who gangraped a woman in the name of honor Mexico wants to sue U.S. gun makers Chinese authorities crack down on dissident Tibetan monks and attack protesters, killing two Son of Kaspersky CEO Kidnapped French Riot Police outraged that they can no longer drink alcohol during lunch while they work.  France threatens to 'suspend' Schengen Treaty due to influx of Tunisian and Libyan migrants from Italy; Germany to reinstate border control. Former chief U.N. nuclear inspector Mohamed ElBaradei suggests in a new memoir that Bush administration officials should face international criminal investigation for the 'shame of a needless war' in Iraq. Death toll rising in Syria At least 90 people were reportedly killed and dozens were injured when Syrian security forces fired live bullets and teargas to disperse Good Friday protests in several cities. French riot police threaten to strike over alcohol ban Syrian security forces shoot protesters  Dozens reported dead in bloodiest day of uprising so far as Great Friday demonstrations rock several cities. Austrians hail a 'fairytale find' of medieval riches Venezuela's Chavez Hikes Windfall Tax on Oil Firms North Korea warned it will launch attacks against people sending leaflets over the border Third day of Shanghai strike threatens China exports 'AlQaeda envoy' Moganned killed in Chechnya Pirates Selling Shares As Piracy Hits All Time High 20 more unarmed protestors killed by Syrian soldiers. Australia Asylum seekers burn center  Violence occurred after requests for asylum turned down Syrian forces kill 72 at 'Good Friday' protests
 Syrian Troops Kill Protesters After 25 years there is no clear consensus about how many have and will die because of the Chernobyl debacle. Thailand and Cambodia in fresh border clash At least six soldiers are reported to have been killed and several wounded in fighting between Cambodia and Thailand over their longdisputed border. France seeks change to Schengen border agreement Misrata rebels strike back against Gaddafi snipers Libya rebels seize tallest buildings, favoured by proGaddafi snipers Left and right clash at Tel Aviv rally to support Palestinian state Germany expels openly homophobic imam  Authorities in Germany have ordered the expulsion of a visiting Islamic preacher who argues that homosexuals should be condemned to death. The move comes after Bilal Philips gave an openair address in Frankfurt. Berlusconi tells joke on tape

Look I am getting old. This morning I was chasing my secretary to do her on the table and she said 'Prime Minister we only did it two hours ago.' So you see my memory is going. NSFW CNN's Amber Lyon reports on the slaughtering and violent crackdown on activists in Bahrain.  What happens when you try to leave the Church of Scientology? Five women brutally murdered in Mexico beach resort Thousands march in Hong Kong to demand release of China's Ai Yemen's President Accepts Deal To Step Down Massive twoday antiU.S. protest begins in NW Pakistan Nearly 300 Roma women and children fled their homes in northeastern Hungary on Friday as members of a farright paramilitary group arrived for what was being billed as a threeday training camp Nigeria's 580million dollar innovative investment for its 2011 elections reduced voter fraud to an alltime low, marking what might be a history of rigged elections in African countries Spanish court bans atheists protest on Holy Thursday because it might offend Spanish Catholics Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh Accepts Deal to Step Down TurkishGerman woman's Playboy cover stirs controversy  The first TurkishGerman woman to appear on the cover of the German Playboy described the photos as an act of liberation from her strict upbringing. The story has reignited the debate on integration, Islam and gender. Libyan rebels claim to have taken back Misurata Misurata is free, the rebels have won. Of Gaddafi's forces, some are killed and others are running away Austrian turning dirt in his back yard stumbled onto 650yrold buried treasure  hundreds of pieces of jewelry and other precious objects Pakistan 25 killed in massive drone attack in North Waziristan Libyan children suffering rape, aid agency reports Foreign investors landgrabbing in Ethiopia  In Ethiopia, we have had hundreds of foreign investors grabbing fertile land at incredibly low cost. The scale of the spree is unprecedented. Investors are describing the deal as green gold. Sony's Ohga, credited with developing CD, dies British Girls Leading The Way In Britishness Yemeni president agrees to step down Bahrain opposition says authorities demolished Shiite mosques as part of crackdown on dissent Syria uprising 'We will continue until the fall of the regime' Deadly drone raid sparks Pakistan protest  Central & South Asia  Al Jazeera English Holy shit! 85.32 percent turnout for state elections in India. I did not know that was possible. Al Jazeera's Beirut Bureau Chief resigns in part due to scant coverage of the bloodshed in Bahrain. Bahraini student in UK lost his scholarship and was threatened after participating in peaceful protest in UK Chinese police detained up to 40 Christians who tried to converge at the site of a banned Easter service Sunday and placed 500 more under house arrest. In Rome, 150 Roma whose camp had been dismantled took refuge in one of this citys ancient basilicas, creating a standoff on Saturday with city officials Yemen President agrees to step down, but protesters reject conditions for his resignation, which included immunity At least 500 dead in Nigeria election riots
 Royal wedding invitation to crown prince of Bahrain draws criticism Higher Education Is it really the next bubble? For Ireland's hardcore dissidents, 'the Queen is a legitimate target' In a bid to curb childhood obesity, Malaysian students will be graded on their weight. In Burma a small army of NGO volunteers are inoculating 3.4 million children from a rare strain of the polio virus that has reemerged three years after the country was declared polio free A growing number of French farmers reach the breaking point  Financial problems are thought to have been behind the suicides of more than 300 French farmers last year. Despite receiving the highest subsidies in the EU Iraqis rally against extending U.S. troops presence Israeli Minister's Nephew killed, 4 wounded from Palestinian Police gunfire in Nablus Security forces raided homes across Syria, arresting regime opponents, as funerals were held on Sunday for protesters and mourners killed in a bloody crackdown which activists said cost 120 lives. 10,000 Protesters march the streets of Casablanca protesting for a New Morocco Brazil hit by deadly floods and landslides Landslides and floods triggered by torrential rain have killed at least 10 people in southern Brazil. Libya rebels Dozens dead in Misrata fighting. 'The last 24 hours have been one of the hardest and saddest days in the last 65 days' Thousands of antigovernment protesters are standing their ground in the capital of Yemen Japan to launch massive search for quake bodies Bosnia's future Divided and unruled Syrian President Bashar alAssad faces indictment by the International Criminal Court Kuwait pledges $181 million to Libyan rebels TIL Peru had an election, the lefty won. Will face Fujimori's daughter in runoff.  Fidel Castro speaks on American Hypocrisy Syrian Forces Open Fire On Demonstrators (NSFW) Russia  How crooked officials pulled off a massive scam, spent millions on Dubai real estate, and killed my partner when he tried to expose them. A crowd of officers then surrounds a young woman who is holding hands with a little girl aged about six. The child shouts out freedom and punches one tiny fist into the air. She is grabbed by police, starts to cry, and is pushed with the woman into a police car.  Hundreds of Taliban inmates use tunnel to escape from Kandahar prison UK to sign tax disclosure deal with Switzerland UK citizens will have to hand over millions of pounds in backdated taxes on secret bank accounts How to treat monopolies Mexico agency confirms $1B fine for (world's richest man, Carlos) Slim's company Hundreds of Taliban members 'escape prison' Afghan government officials confirm that some 540 Taliban members have escaped from Kandahar prison. Thousands of Syrian troops backed by tanks swept into the town of Daraa on Monday, firing on residents and leaving bodies lying in the streets, witnesses said Protesters in Saudi Arabia Down with the Khalifas, Down with Israel, Down with Wahhabism! Russian police on Sunday freed the son of software tycoon Eugene Kaspersky Second computer worm 'hits Iran'
 Delhi Commonwealth Games chief Suresh Kalmadi arrested on corruption charges Syrian Army Storms Town Where Uprising Began tanks enter Dara'a, at least five confirmed killed, more bodies lay in the streets.  NATO air strike hits Gaddafi compound. Reuters reports it was an attempt on Gaddafi's life. 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster [pics] Here we go again!! Real IRA makes threat to PSNI officers At least 18 said killed as Syrian forces in tanks, APCs fire on protesters  
Following weeks of protests, Syrian security forces appear to planning major security operation; all land border crossings with neighboring Jordan closed. Death toll reaches 14,358 from the Great QuakeTsunami in Japan Behind frontlines, Libyan rebels escalate media war Tanks and snipers in Daraa, Syria. [Video] In shift, US considers sanctions against Syria's Assad regime Italy 'to join attacks in Libya' Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has approved the use of his country's air force in Nato's Libya mission.  Powerful blasts shake Tripoli Thirty years ago we used to think Japan was the number one fishing country in the world, with the best catching and processing methods, but that's really no longer the case, Ryosuke Sato, chairman of the Kesennuma Fisheries Cooperative Association, said . . . We've been in terminal decline. Nigerian Constitution must be set aside for Sharia, says BokoHaram
 TIL Fukushima workers only eat two meals a day   crackers and vegetable juice for breakfast, and a packet of rice with chicken for dinner. In the evenings, they gather around in a safe room to cheer Let's do our best! and clap once, before  going to sleep on the floor. Bahrain arresting doctors because they have accurate statistics on injured or killed protestors Over half of Egypt wants to end 30year peace treaty with Israel  only 36 percent of Egyptians are in favor of maintaining the treaty, compared with 54 percent who would like to see it scrapped Syria's military shows signs of division amid crackdown  Some soldiers reportedly refused to open fire against civilians in Deraa today, sparking clashes between units.  NDP leapfrogs Liberals to land
into second spot in astonishing twist in Canadian election race Channel 4 to air 'horrific' Sri Lanka footage | Media | guardian.co.uk  Investigation fronted by Jon Snow to include mobile phone films that appear to show war crimes
 Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Raises Minimum Wage 26.5% Guantnamo Bay files AlQaida assassin 'worked for MI6' Amateur video purportedly shows tanks rolling into Deraa and a young girl shot in Damascus, while hundreds of mourners protest over mounting deaths as government crackdown continues. TOKYO  Angry farmers brought two cows to Tokyo, shouting and punching the air Tuesday in a protest to demand compensation for products contaminated by radiation spewing from Japan's crippled nuclear plant The UN has said widespread shelling by the Sri Lankan government killed most of the tens of thousands of civilians who died in the final months of the 25yearlong war, in 2009. Vlad Putin Libya coalition has no right to kill Gaddafi Egypt's former interior minister, Habib alAdly, on trial for killing protesters; faces the death penalty if found guilty Thailand and Cambodia fortified their border positions on Tuesday after four days of artillery and mortar battles killed seven Cambodian soldiers and five Thai troops, while both sides tried to dominate nearby ancient Hindu temple ruins Poll Over half of Egyptians want to cancel peace treaty with Israel Black money comes mainly from India Assange appealed to Indians to absolutely not lose hope that the names of those with secret Swiss accounts will come out at one point in the future Russian corruption crooked officials steal multibilliondollar company, $230M tax refund, then murder campaigning lawyer South Koreans rethink Japan earthquake aid after Japan made a couple of moves that angered them Beyond the Sarcophagus The Overwhelming Challenge of Containing Chernobyl  Work on the new sarcophagus meant to contain Chernobyl's reactor 4 is a decade behind schedule. But significant problems will remain even once it is complete. For one, it is only meant to last for 100 years.  Reopening of Blackwater Case Confuses Iraqi Victims To be honest, I think the case will be dismissed again, says a victim who sustained two bullet wounds in the shooting and hit with 60 pieces of shrapnel, many which are still in his body Amid brutal crackdown, Syria poised to join UN Human Rights Council A collection of graphic shocking videos from Syria taken by citizens as security forces crackdown on waves of peaceful protesters (Warning! NSFL) NATO To Bomb Palaces, Headquarters, Communication Centers And Other Prominent Institutions As Part Of NoFly Zone Enforcement Mexican police free 51 workers taken hostage Mexican NarcoTraffickers Revelation Exposes Drug Wars Duplicity |Bill Conroy | the narcosphere Fatah and Hamas sign reconciliation deal Palestinian factions agree to form interim government and fix general election date following talks in Cairo The highest level of radiation so far has been reported at Fukushima. Robots detected 1,120 mSv per hour in the Reactor 1 building. That means it takes about 15 minutes before workers are exposed to their lifetime dose. Putin Who gave NATO right to kill Gaddafi? Christiania closes its borders [google translated] WikiLeaks Guantanamo detainee is now Libyan rebel leader. China to build 60tonne space station  Mass resignations from Syria's ruling party Hamas and Fatah 'agree to end feud', plans to form 
interim government, and hold parliamentary and 
presidential elections. Black box found for BrazilFrance crash 'Not OK' for pastors to operate machine guns Swedish church  The Church of Sweden has ruled that pastors are not allowed to man machine gun turrets while serving in the field with Swedish troops in Afghanistan. Christiania shuts down for business English article from JyllandsPosten. Those who have seen war are never the same again. We see the world through different eyes, and I consider that a privilege. I am the custodian of all these stories, and I belong to a fortunate tribe. Weeping wombs of Kasaragod Several women in Kerala (India) are aborting their foetuses fearing endosulfan deformities It has been dubbed a crazy project, but Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday unveiled a mega canal scheme that aims to redraw the map of Istanbul. Explosion rocks Egypt gas pipeline Syria neighbors fear future without Assad family  From Israel to Iran, Syria's neighbors are starting to contemplate the possibility of a future without the Assad family as Lords of Damascus, and, whether friends or foes, some don't like what they see. Guantanamo Files AlQaida assassin 'worked for MI6' TIL that the World Bank's chief economist defected from Taiwan to Communist China in 1979 China in no mood to listen in U.S. rights talks Communication between NATO and Libya's rebels is so bad that the rebels have to rely on a single air traffic control tower to know when Western airstrikes are coming. BBC News  Brazil Air France Rio crash flight recorder found Army blocks access by car to Palestinian Neighborhood with more than 150 residents Syrian crackdown of tanks and infantry reinforcements sent to besieged city   Misrata has come under attack by Libyan government forces attempting to retake the besieged city. Syria Tries to Defend Its Record to United Nations Worldfamous and beloved Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been disappeared by China's state security forces. Every trace of Ai's life and art have been erased from the Chinese internet, and his only hope may be a global outcry for his release.  Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks A Filipino Catholic bishop says a pending bill's supporters are no better than terrorists. A former mayor of Manila believes the bill is worse than martial law.  the bill is in support of condoms North Korean leader Kim Jongil is willing to hold talks with South Korea or with the United States or with the six powers on any subject any time and without any preconditions Christiania, hippy freetown in the middle of Copenhagen since 1971, faces last stand Iranian parliament starts preparing for Ahmadinejad impeachment Four Bahrain protesters sentenced to death. In Shenyang, China a Fund is Established for Japanese man who sacrificed himself to save 20 Chinese trainees from the tsunami Moroccan tourist cafe terrorist attack leaves at least 15 dead In Philippines, MILF orders its rogue commander to stop staging rebellion and immediately return to their fold Bahraini trainee pilots suspended from UK flying school after attending protests. Blast Hits Main Square in Marrakech Residents evacuate as volcano spews ashes in Ecuador. Hundreds quit Syria's ruling party to protest crackdown

AP

Thursday, 28 April 2011

    Share
More than 200 members have quit Syria's ruling Baath party to protest at President Bashar Assad's brutal crackdown on opponents China risks getting old before it gets rich  The Economic Times New Venezuelan taxes on windfall oil revenue will let socialist President Hugo Chavez boost spending on popular social programs by billions of dollars ahead of his reelection bid next year. Almost one in five British businesses admit using interns as cheap labour Turkish government bans websites with URLs containing words like 'free' 'hot' 'gay' 'animal' 'pic' and the number '31'.  AL Jaz Syrian military turn on their own Recurrent attacks on Copts has Egypt slated for US religious freedom blacklist Violence against Coptic Christians and other religious minorities continues unabated without the government bringing the perpetrators to justice French riot police protest ban on drinking on the job Our program does not include negotiations with Israel or recognizing it.  It will not be possible for the interim national government to participate or bet on or work on the peace process with Israel. Saudibacked Bahraini military court sentenced several protesters to death...inciting more protests. Doctor at the scene says Yemeni forces opened fire on a massive antigovernment demonstration in the capital Sanaa, killing 12 protesters and wounding some 190 others Hundreds of Syrians flee unrest into northern Lebanon France Dropping Concrete Bombs In Libya  Tunisian Army engages Gadaffi Troops In Brazil, an estimated 35 million people joined the middle class between 2003 to 2009, and 20 million more are expected to be included by 2014. Unemployment is at a relatively low 6.5 percent A prominent Japanese radiation specialist has resigned...inexcusable standards for school children in Fukushima   Egypt is charting a new course in its foreign policy that has already begun shaking up the established order in the Middle East, planning to open the blockaded border with Gaza and normalizing relations with two of Israel and the Wests Islamist foes, Hamas and Iran. Syrian army may be cracking as death toll rises to over 500 Battalions of the fifth division were protecting people, and returned fire when they were subjected to attacks by the fourth division. Lara Logan breaks her silence on being assaulted by a mob of several hundred men in Tahrir Square Bahrain 'torture service' official to attend royal wedding  China Releases Human Rights Activist Teng Biao Tunisia furious as Libya fighting spills over border Turkey  which already bans more websites than any other European country  will soon require all Internet users to choose from one of four filter profiles operated by their ISPs Egypt to open Gaza border crossing  Egypt's foreign minister says Cairo will permanently open the Rafah border crossing to ease Israel's blockade on Gaza On May 1, Germany will open its labor market to citizens of eight east European countries that joined the European Union in 2004. 60 girls groomed for sex at takeaway shops in Blackpool  How the World Let Qaddafi Get Cluster Bombs Libyan government forces are deploying the horrific  and, throughout much of the world, banned  weapons against rebels, proving that we will have to do more if we want to end their use Could uprisings spread from northern Africa to south of the Sahara? The prevalence of unfair electoral systems plus huge numbers of angry young people with mobile phones should make African autocrats increasingly uncomfortable Uganda erupts in anger against president Violent protests reach capital after opposition leader's arrest Head teachers are set to join an unprecedented wave of strikes that will bring almost every school in England and Wales to a standstill Spanish Unemployment Rate Rises to More Than 21% as Inflation Accelerates Exiled Tibetans elect political heir to Dalai Lama Palestine rivals Fatah and Hamas on verge of historic deal A brave Syrian man in Deraa defying the security forces, screaming in their face, and barley escapes the scene alive.  TEPCO  Amerium, Curium Found With Plutonium At Fukushima. Which means? Bristol burns once more as Tesco riots return to streets of Stokes Croft EgyptIsrael gas pipeline attacked by Egyptians; fire could rage for days Uruguay legalizing marijuana Facebook accused of shutting down activists pages Wildcat Unions Springing Up In Chinese Factories, Demanding Higher Wages, Humane Conditions and The Right To Organize Egypt warns Israel Don't interfere with opening of Gaza border crossing GERMAN police arrested three alleged members of alQaida who had been planning attacks in the country. The three were Moroccans living in the western German state of North RhineWestphalia and were caught with large amounts of explosives Gaddafi's youngest son killed in NATO strike  Syria sends tanks into civilian population of 120,000; 62 killed; Total death toll exceeds 500 Mubarak 'could face death penalty' Pakistan government has declared an Education Emergency. Less than a third of the students could subtract 3digit numbers UK Protest groups claim Facebook has taken down dozens of pages in a purge of activists' accounts Toshiso Kosako, an advisor to Japanese Prime Minister on the nuclear crisis said he will resign in protest of the handling the Fukushima Daiichi power plant crisis, saying the government has belittled the laws and regulations New EU regulations on herbal medicines come into force Australian government conspired to hide knowledge of the torture of Guantanamo Bay prisoner Mamdouh Habib while he was temporarily held in Egypt UK police criticised for preemptive strikes against protesters of the Royal wedding Officers use blanket stop and search powers and arrest 52 people across London Taliban announce beginning of spring offensive Unraveling The Mengele Mystery More than 30 years after the infamous Nazi doctor died under mysterious circumstances, an internal police report reveals just how much effort Israel invested in tracking him down. Iranian President Ahmadinejad missing amid possible power struggle Syrians prepared to bury scores of people killed in a day of rage against the regime, with activists vowing a week of new protests as the US and Europe imposed sanctions on Damascus Turkey internet censorship 138 words and terms banned from the internet Fresh violence hits Syrian town Deraa hit by shelling and heavy gunfire, as funeral processions for scores of people killed in protests get underway. Gadhafi Calls for CeaseFire Talks with NATO Western Colleges Risk Moral Catasrophe In The UAE  
As elite Western Universities seek greener (financial) pastures in the Emirates, they must not compromise what makes them elite  freedom of inquiry. This can be tricky in a place with strict media laws and censored text books President of Yemen backs away from agreement to step down U.N. condemns Syria in protester deaths South Korea to stage livefire exercises near the same island that was shelled in November.  Fears in China as another human rights lawyer disappears Hong Kong workers to enjoy minimum wage for first time Sweatshops have gone digital.  NGO study reveals excessive work hours and draconian rules for workers in factories in China making components for Apple Gaddafi son's killing puts NATO in firing line. 
Russia and Venezuela join Libyan regime in accusing NATO of attempting to assassinate Muammar Gaddafi Half A Miracle  
Remarkable story of how Medelln, Colombia's drug capital, became as safe as Washington. Unexpected victory for urban planning  placing beautiful architecture in poorest, crimeridden areas  and social reintegration programmes One of the two flight recorders belonging to an Air France plane that crashed in 2009 off the coast of Brazil has been recovered This slaughter happened yesterday, April 29, in Syria, city of Homs. This is what's going on in Syria. Iraqi lawmakers approve $400M payment to Americans who claim they were abused by Saddam Hussein In tears, Nuclear Adviser to PM Kan quits over raising safe limits for children 20 times too high India rejects US fighter jets over Eurofighter  The best article that explains the decision Fears in China as another human rights lawyer disappears 2,000 people protest in Taiwan's capital against the increasing income gap and demand better work conditions Fukushima All the fuel rods have been melted down, says one of the most ardent proponents of nuclear power. Oil giant Sinopec caught in extravagant spending on bonuses, liquor Smoke seen at Italian embassy in Libyan capital
 Germany braces itself for invasion of Polish workers as it follows EU immigration rules  Iran leader Ahmadinejad returns to work after oycott' Kunming (China) &gt; Singapore, overland in 10 hrs by 2020. Chinese government and ASEAN stepping up cooperation through KunmingSingapore HighSpeed Railway project. Scepticism surrounds 'Gaddafi son's death' Benghazi celebrates but NATO offers no confirmation of Libyan announcement Saudi Oil Production Doesnt Add Up Following unity deal, Israel suspends tax transfer to PA Libya UN to remove international staff from Tripoli Mass Graves In Kashmir  
Chilling account of visit to Kashmir to assess human right's abuses. As India argues for a seat on the UN security council, it must adhere to its own repeated commitment to peace in Kashmir and international conventions and laws Iran Outside the spotlight, Arab uprising smolders in country's southwest
 Libya launches revenge attacks on British targets after Gaddafi 'assassination' attempt Bin Laden is Dead I think it's weird that the body of the most wanted man since 2001 was simply thrown into the ocean, shortly after being killed. Six wind farms were given sixfigure payments to switch off their turbines because the Scottish grid network could not absorb all the energy being produced. From the memory hole Bush rejects Taliban offer to surrender bin Laden  Oct. 2001 WikiLeaks Osama bin Laden 'protectedy Pakistani security Osama Bin Laden Reported Dead You are NOT allowed to commit suicide Workers in Chinese Foxconn factories forced to sign pledges Taiwanese animation shows us how Bin Laden was killed Osama in Pakistan India says 'I told you so' New EU rules came into force banning hundreds of herbal remedies. The laws are aimed at protecting consumers from potentially damaging traditional medicines Radiation level now 3300 times limit at No. 2 reactor. Furious parents in Fukushima have delivered a bag of radioactive playground earth to education officials in protest at moves to weaken nuclear safety standards in schools. Hamas Bin Laden death 'assassination' of 'a holy warrior' Juan Cole Osama was a relic of the cold war and the age of dictators, with no place in modern Arab society. The new generation of Arab dissidents yearn for liberty, not theocratic repression. Switzerland locates almost $1B in assets held by Gaddafi, Mubarak, Ben Ali  Obama 'Osama wasn't a Muslim leader, he was a mass murderer of Muslims' Robert Fisk Was he betrayed? Of course. Pakistan knew Bin Laden's hiding place all along | The Independent Indian village laborer cracks country's top college entrance exam, but doesn't have money to travel to the college interview. AlJazeera Journalist Missing in Syria Pakistan, You Got Some `Splainin To Do  Rallies erupt the world over on May Day, as workers demonstrate for their rights.  Osama bin Laden to be buried at sea. Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood has said the United States has no more reason to stay in Iraq and Afghanistan after the killing of alQaeda leader Osama binLaden. The Japanese government is about to begin releasing data projecting the spread of radiation that it initially withheld for fear of causing panic. That bin Laden could be in Abbottabad [Pakistan] unknown to authorities 'is a bit amazing' says Hamid Gul, a former Pakistani intelligence chief . . . Aside from the military 'there is the local police, the Intelligence Bureau, Military Intelligence, the ISI, they all had a presence there.'