 Canadian Government to reverse CRTC decision on Internet billing. (UBB) I don't know if this fits into r/worldnews, but it has to be seen by the world. Mubarak's security forces drive through the crowd 14 year old girl whipped to death by Islamic clerics Fox News Team Severely Beaten in Cairo and Hospitalized. (Greg Palkot & Olaf Wiig) Mubarak supporters open fire at demonstrators in Cairo
| Reuters One of our Web producers reports that almost everyone in the square seems injured, is bandaged and limping. The mood there is pretty fatalistic with the antigovernment protesters certain that the proMubarak forces are there to eliminate them. More than 20,000 antigovernment protesters have gathered in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, for a day of rage against President Ali Abdullah Saleh. A 14yearold girl in Bangladesh, Hena Begum, died after allegedly being raped by her 40yearold cousin and punished with a public lashing. 
Danish cartoonist's attacker guilty Anderson Cooper of CNN Attacked in Cairo [HD] Mohamed ElBaradei urges world leaders to abandon Hosni Mubarak 
Criminal acts by governmentbacked thugs and a regime killing its own people make negotiations impossible, says Nobel laureate Video  Egyptian protester killed by Mubarak's hired thugs.  DEAD MAN, very sad footage Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he would like to resign immediately but fears the country would descend into chaos if he did so A revolution is coming  a revolution which will be peaceful if we are wise enough; compassionate if we care enough; successful if we are fortunate enough  but a revolution which is coming whether we will it or not. We can affect its character; we cannot alter its inevitability. Call to free Al Jazeera journalists It was vicious and ruthless, bloody and well planned, a final vindication of all Mubarak's critics and a shameful indictment of the Obamas and Clintons who failed to denounce this faithful ally of America and Israel. Police open fire on Yemeni protesters The British telecommunications company Vodafone is being accused of sending out text messages urging proMubarak supporters to confront protesters Gunmen open fire on protesters in Tahrir Square, People are too tired to be terrified Immigration officer fired after putting wife on list of terrorists to stop her flying home  Gunfire erupts in Cairo's streets, Health Ministry reports injuries in the thousands as military intervenes Egyptian Protest Helmets Tens of thousands march against Yemen's president Rapid developments in Egypt Omar Suleiman holds dialogue with opposition groups, Elbaradei refuses to participate until Mubarak goes. A retired Egyptian army general tells the BBC that the army is ready to intervene to protect protesters as early as tomorrow.  Fidel Castro Mubarak Is Finished  Mubaraks fate is sealed, not even the support of the United States will be able to save his government.  Horrific video of 20+ Egyptian citizens being run over by a diplomatic vehicle in the streets of Cairo Jan 28. Vodafone admits that the Egyptian government forced it to send text messages to help organize the ProMubarak demonstrations Demand Al Jazeera in the US! One of my professors (Egyptian, and Egyptian History Expert) wrote this article detailing the situation there for outsiders. There seems to be a lot of you who would like to know more, so I hope this helps. (small .pdf warning) First ever aerial footage of uncontacted Amazon tribe released Egypt's neighbors are getting nervous  Algerian government has agreed to end its 19year state of emergency. Mubarak's family has an estimated net worth of $50  $70 BILLION dollars, a portion of which happens to have been invested in Vodafone. Egypt's 'final push' protests begin as Protesters flood Tahrir Square, for 'Day of Departure' The feel here is that today is the final day for Mubarak, it's time for him to go WikiLeaks cables Britain 'refused to speak with doomed British hostage' Remember when Vodafone handed the Egyptian government protesters' data in 2009? They won't deny they're doing it again right now. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard demonstrates misunderstanding of key issues concerning Mr Assange, the Australian citizen facing extradition proceedings, and the actions of WikiLeaks. Somali man convicted of terrorism for breaking into the home of a Danish cartoonist who had caricatured the Prophet Muhammad, triggering violent protests across the Muslim world, has been sentenced to nine years in prison TIL the pope cannot be an organ donor because he has saintly giblets If papal organs were donated, they would become relics in other bodies if he were eventually made a saint. Mubarak's Hired Thugs  Rural Poor Paid to Attack Opposition Supporters Amid mass protests, 'Anonymous' topples Egypt gov't websites Egyptian Protester If we cant bring this to an end, were going to all be in the slammer by June. Berlusconi calls Mubarak wise man, urges continuity Chinese use honeytraps to spy on French companies, intelligence report claims Human Rights Watch urges EU and United States to cut aid to the Palestinian Authority after security forces broke up up a proEgypt rally on the West Bank Hosni Mubaraks net worth estimated at USD 40 to 70 Billion Fidel Castro 'Mubarak's fate is sealed' New antigovernment protests in Albania We all helped suppress the Egyptians. So how do we change? The Obama administration is discussing with Egyptian officials a proposal for President Hosni Mubarak to resign immediately, turning over power to a transitional government headed by Vice President Omar Suleiman Egyptian Population Density Muslim Brotherhood tells Irans Islamic Leader Khamenai this is People's Revolution not an Islamic Revolution  Al Jazeera has tried to leverage its visibility on Twitter with Promoted Tweets and a Promoted Trending Topic to get into one place that's harder to access than Egypt  U.S. TV markets. It wants entrance into a market that has largely shut it out for mostly unspecified reasons. WikiLeaks cables millions in overseas aid to Africa 
was embezzled Kiev attempts to criminalize underwear exhibition on one's own balcony.  Topless protesters fight back (NSFW) Israel wants to hire PR firms in 10 countries to improve its reputation. Norwegian PR firms have refused.
 American commentators in general, view the revolution as all about the United States and Israel. It's almost as if the Egyptians don't matter. Egyptian Security Forces Shoot an Unarmed Man in Cold Blood (Warning Graphic Video)  2 Detained Reporters in Egypt Witnessed Secret Polices Methods Firsthand  NYTimes.com Why the Egyptian Army Wont Shoot Protesters My monthly wage is 1,100 Egyptian pounds (188 dollars)... No one can afford to live on these wages. Chevron resorts to intimidation tactics Its lawyers have threatened the trial judge overseeing the  environmental trial where the company faces a potential judgment in the billions of dollars Drop the Case Against Assange Prosecution of WikiLeaks would badly damage the US' credibility in claiming to be a vital advocate of an open global Internet Natural gas pipeline from Egypt to Israel attacked. UN condemns Israeli destruction of Palestinian water systems China has a water shortage due to pollution and population. They're hoping to solve it with massive desalination plants.  Erdogan tells Mubarak to step down, offering Turkey's own political model as a way forward ProMubarak protestor claims he was recruited from prison by an Egyptian official. What a pathetic old brute Mubarak has become, telling ABC that he'd love to give up power, really he would, but he's afraid Egypt would collapse into chaos without his steady hand at the wheel...  Egypt bans exofficials from leaving country, freezes bank accounts  Egyptian Attorney General takes measures against several senior businessmen and political figures amid massive protests charging the government with corruption. Daily Kos Seriously, Israel. Media. Bloggers. wtf? Scott Horton The reason why Mubarak is trying to squeeze a few more months out of his 3decade career in office and avowing his intentions to stay in Egypt rather than packing for the Riviera Mubarak's Third force terror tactic unleashing his 'personal' thugs in a failed attempt to silence protestors seeking an end to his regime Democracy Now Live Coverage On Egypt List of Human Rights Activist still missing in Egypt, likely in the hands of Secret Police. Gaza feeds hungry Egyptian troops in role reversal | Underground tunnels generally used to smuggle goods into Gaza are moving traffic in the opposite direction in the wake of the popular uprising in Egypt. BBC News  Egypt unrest Hosni Mubarak must stay  US envoy We dont want Omar Suleiman to take Mubaraks place. We are not O.K. with this regime at all...We want a president who is a civilian.  Egyptian police shoot a defenseless boy .. Atrocious EGYPT Young boy murdered by police in cold blood Egyptian Police Shoot Unarmed Man Dead in Alexandria, 31/01/2011 It's not radical Islam that worries the US ; it's independence | Noam Chomsky  AntiMubarak activists bruised, tired, hungry Maybe we'll be tired for a month, but we will be able to live in freedom for the rest of our life. Meanwhile along the Thai and Cambodian border, solders are trading fire for the third straight day Cameron says multiculturalism has failed in Britain and it was time to replace Britain's passive tolerance with an active, muscular liberalism to send a message that life in Britain revolves around certain key values such as freedom of speech, equal rights and the rule of law. Ripple effects of the Egyptian uprising are now spreading to Gaza, where some groups are planning a new rally next week... making the Hamas government nervous France rocked by news of aid to Tunisia and Egypt  France trained Egyptian police officers in crowd control and sent tear gas to Tunis. And its foreign minister vacationed in Tunisia after the uprising, using the jet of a man linked to the ousted president. Citizen video obtained by AJE shows the green laser seen apparently targeting antigov ppl with gunfire. Political science professor There is no reason for American journalists to accept the premise that President Hosni Mubarak is the only thing standing between chaos and/or Islamic theocracy in Egypt Iranian opposition to mullahs If you dig these Egypt protests so much, why not let us march too?  Will The West Endorse Human Rights Violator Omar Suleiman To Be Egypt's President?  When a white person holds objectionable views  racism, for example  we rightly condemn them. But when equally unacceptable views or practices have come from someone who isnt white, weve been too cautious, frankly even fearful, to stand up to them.  American Warships Heading to Egypt.  Yesterday, 
the Los Angeles Times reported The Pentagon is 
moving U.S. warships and other military assets to 
make sure it is prepared in case evacuation of U.S. 
citizens from Egypt becomes necessary, Rape case against the WikiLeaks chief 'weak'  Details in a police file of the rape case against Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, reveal a series of apparent contradictions and inconsistencies in the evidence against him. ExIsraeli soldier admits leaking secret military files I'm a huge fan of Top Gear. But this time I've had enough, by Steve Coogan  Egypt protesters hold firm Tens of thousands in Tahrir Square demand that Mubarak quit, as the ruling party's top leadership resigns France Suspends Arms, Riot Equipment Sales To Egypt Egyptian government holds talks with Muslim Brotherhood  Egypt's largest opposition group, the Muslim Brotherhood, agreed to join talks with President Hosni Mubarak's embattled regime Sunday, a historic turning point in relations between the state and the banned group. Jordanian Monarchy under pressure Queen Rania is viewed as glamorous, sophisticated, and widely admired abroad. She has come in for particular criticism, accused of controlling court appointments and funneling business to her family. But mostly she is said to be insensitive to her subjects [...]  	
Iranian TV channels say no to pasta, pizza  
Cooking shows ordered to shun Italian, French dishes, highlight Iran's achievements instead Mubarak family fortune could reach $70bn. This is Mubarak has to plan his exit very carefully  prosecution for (a) corruption and (b) criminal brutality is all the rage these days.  Einstein was right  honey bee collapse threatens global food security   Telegraph Californiabased Boeing subsidiary, Narus, sells deeppacket inspection to Egypt to track social media use Assange Extradition Trial Begins Shocking videos emerge from Egypt showing civilians shot by snipers and police The Netherlands has withdrawn its ambassador to Iran in protest of a DutchIranian woman's death at the hands of Iranian authorities. The move came amid revelations she may have died during torture. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange threatens to sue 'The Guardian' newspaper for libel Jerusalem council set to approve Jewish housing in Arab neighborhood  it will be necessary to evict a number of Palestinian families living on the site in order for construction to commence Journalist shot and killed by police in Cairo Talks fail to end Egypt protests  prodemocracy protests continue at Tahrir Square This is not a revolution made by the parties. The parties have been there for 30 years and they've done nothing. This is the people's revolution. In 2011, there are 100 uncontacted tribes worldwide Leaked files show details of Julian Assange rape allegations  ElBaradei The Israelis Have A Peace Treaty With Mubarak, Not With The Egyptian People REPORT Mubarak To Leave Egypt, Go To Germany For Health Check And Hand Over Power Leaked cables reveal anger at regime may make Libya the next Arab domino to fall. BBC News  Rock guitarist Gary Moore dies at 58 South African President When you vote for the ANC, you are also choosing to go to heaven. When you don't vote for the ANC you should know that you are choosing that man who carries a fork... Iran's 'Day of Rage'  Green Movement leaders embarass Iranian regime by proposing demonstration in support of Egyptian and Tunisian revolts Al Jazeera Hopes Reports From Egypt Open Doors in US Perth surrounded by flames as fires rage out of control  Jesus, the Economist gets it wrong AGAIN, saying Egypt's situation affirms George Bush's Arab freedom agenda. Actually, a lot of Egyptians HATE the U.S. now because we supported Mubarak for so long, just like Saudis and Iranians hate us for supporting their past or current authoritarian regimes. Tunisia's former governing party is to be suspended and its offices closed, the interior ministry has announced. Bashir accepts Sudan vote to secede US envoy's business link to Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak revealed Egypt Mubarak has changed his Facebook status to it's complicated Journalists leaving Egypt   The atmosphere has been constantly worsening and journalists have become targets, a Finnish photographer said. The Church of Scientology is Under Investigation for Slave Labor Shocking 'Egypt images' emerge  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Louis Theroux The Ultra Zionists Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may be the world's richest man with an estimated fortune of $70 billion dollars, according to reports. The Last POW  story of a Japanese man who has been in Soviet Union since he was captured during WWII. Wikileaks Releases Cables On Egypt VP Omar Suleiman's Connections With Israel 6000 Workers Sit In, As The First Suez Canal Strike Has Begun Mass demonstrations continue in Cairo The release of Wael Ghonim, a cyber activist and Google executive, rallied protesters in Cairo. Syria set to remove firewall that bans Facebook and YouTube. 'Sheik alTorture' is now a democrat
(Pepe Escobar) The Egyptian revolution is being dissolved right in front of the world's eyes by an optical illusion... 52% of Americans have heard little or nothing about the demonstrations in Egypt. Assange Extradition Trial  Day II |Live Updates| Suspected U.S. spy drone crashes in Yemen; witnesses say alQaida carried wreckage away Tony Blair's sisterinlaw thinks Blair should be tried for war crimes. Swedish PM slams Julian Assange's claims    I can only defend what everyone in Sweden already knows that we have an independent, noncoerced judiciary. Egyptian ExInterior Minister Habib elAdly under investigation for masterminding Coptic church bombing on New Year's Eve. Egypt's new VP Suleiman The CIA's man in Cairo Normally cited as an example of good governance, Sweden is now fending off attacks from Assange's lawyers who charge the country is pursuing their client at the behest of the US for leaking classified government and military documents. Scientology fury at FBI probe Al Jazeera English correspondent reports on his detention; military roughed up protesters whom they detained. Wael Ghonim, one of the instigators of the Jan25 movement and a Google executive, gave his first interview last night after 12 days in detention. This writer calls it one of the most moving moments of television he has ever seen. Violence against medical staff and increased levels of mental illness are taking a toll on Juarez...A gritty border town with about 1.3 million residents, Juarez is the most violent city in Mexico  with more than 3,100 murders in 2010. Still No Water Or Electricity In Iraq 8 Years After 'Liberation' By American Empire  It is a tragedy. Even during the Middle Ages, people were not living in this situation, said engineer Furat alJanabi.  Wael Ghonim DreamTV interview playlist  part 1 intro  parts 2+3 interview  subtitled (use CC) Blogger's release 'reignites' Egypt  Middle East  Al Jazeera English The suffering of Southern Africa under AIDS in one figure Anonymous sends an open letter to the UK government over the arrest of 5 of its members related to the DDoS attacks on Paypal et al. Muslims return favor, join hands with Christian protesters for Mass in Cairo's Tahrir Square Cairo Week 3, day 16, and with every passing hour, the regime digs in deeper Three Christian churches in Indonesia destroyed by mob wanting stiffer penalty for Christian man given five year sentence for blasphemy against Islam. The Government's Case Against Julian Assange Is Falling Apart The US has called on the Egyptian government to lift its 30yearold state of emergency immediately and calls comments by Egyptian VicePresident Omar Suleiman that the country was not ready for democracy particularly unhelpful. Fiberoptic communications cable arrives in Cuba  promising a bandwidth bonanza for a country saddled with exorbitant telephone rates and among the slowest Internet connection speeds on the planet.  Internet causes cancer  
New ultraOrthodox marketing campaign uses scare tactics to prevent community from Web surfing. 'Internet causes disease, adversity,'  North Korea walks out of talks (again) The UN's food price index is at its highest point in over a decade, and Unilever warns that it's going to get worse.  An Israeli conspiracy that never existed  by Abdulateef AlMulhim, Commodore (Retd.), Royal Saudi Navy.  ExWikiLeaker claims defectors took control of leaks from Assange Investigate The Vatican  
Fine expos of Scientology in New Yorker this week. But are Scientology's doctrines any crazier than those of Roman Catholicism? Is the Pope a better man than L. Ron Hubbard was? How about more investigating of the Vatican? Protest in Egypt Takes a Turn as Workers Go on Strike  Oil prices could spiral out of control by 2012, US fears. Pirates seize Greek tanker carrying $200m of oil Russia eliminates daylight saving time  	

Protests in Egypt escalate 
Thousand marched on parliament to demand its member's resignation.  Protest in Egypt Takes a Turn as Workers Go on Strike Brutal Crackdown in Belarus Mexico violence not an 'emergency,' White House says.  BBC News  Southern Sudan minister shot dead by ministry driver South Sudan minister shot dead  Africa  Al Jazeera English WikiLeaks Suleiman told Israel he would 'cleanse' Sinai of arms runners to Gaza Another Egyptian police van runs over protesters but is overpowered and tipped over [video] My university claims it doesn't have enough money for teaching.  Turns out they have been using it to source information on Iran for the US embassy. Wikileaks I love you. A third of Russians think the sun revolves around the earth. If only there was some sort of smartass remark to make fun of this... 28 hours in the dark heart of Egypt's torture machine  Cables FBI trained Egypts state torturers The Egyptian military has been secretly detaining and torturing those it suspects of being involved in prodemocracy protests North Korea has ordered all its embassies to appeal to foreign governments for food aid Mubarak I will not leave Egypt until I die. Egypt WE CAN TOTALLY HELP YOU WITH THAT. The greatest transfer of wealth from the poor and middle to the ultrarich that this country has seen in a century [...] UK will be only the second country in the world to allow money that has passed through tax havens to remain untaxed when it gets here. The other is Switzerland. Strike wave across Egypt `The working class has entered the arena with full force' Saudis told Obama to back Mubarak  Saudi Arabia has threatened to prop up President Mubarak if the White House tries to force a swift change of regime in Egypt. [paywall, partial content available on frontpage] The current Cairo generation are feeling betrayed by the wishywashy Obama adminstration's support of the current Egyptian regime instead of democracy Cuba welcomes its new internet cable link with Venezuela, opening a breach in the US economic blockade.  Thousands of judges and lawyers have taken to the streets in unprecedented protests against Nicolas Sarkozy, paralysing the legal system and shutting down almost all France's courthouses this week. Live coverage of Mubarak's speech in Cairo's Tahrir Square Scientists in Europe want to give robots their own internet to communicate and teach each other what they learn about us. What Could Go Wrong? Wael Ghonim Negotiation days with Mubarak are over 'Saudi king told Obama he'd fund Mubarak if U.S. halted Egypt aid' Egypt Why is Israel so Blind?
 WATCH LIVE President Hosni Mubarak Addresses The Egyptian People China will spend at least 6.7 billion yuan ($1.02 billion) to divert water to affected areas, construct emergency wells and irrigation facilities, and take other measures  to battle the ongoing drought in the northern regions. Omar Suleiman Egypts torturerinchief threatens to unleash dark bats of the night to terrorize the people Indonesian man whose fiveyear sentence for blasphemy enraged Muslims had also insulted Catholics, who declined to go on a rampage Human rights Groups accuse the Egyptian army of 
involvement in both disappearances and torture  
abuses Egyptians have for years associated with the 
notorious state security intelligence (SSI) but not 
the army. Furious Egyptian demonstrators vowed to launch their most spectacular protest yet in Cairo on Friday  BREAKING NEWS Mubarak will NOT step down. Will NOT bow to foreign pressure. BREAKING Mubarak steps down, military council to run Egypt Muslim Brotherhood rejects Khamenei calls for Iranstyle Islamic state  Hosni Mubarak has announced he is stepping down as President and has transferred control of Egypt's affairs to the high council of the armed forces. French President says multiculturalism has failed Names and faces of killed Egyptian protesters (crosspost from /r/Egypt) Swiss freeze Mubarak assets Someone seems to have hacked the site of the Cairo NDP, Hosni Mubarak's ruling party With the economy projected to grow 3 percent this year, Icelands decision to let the banks fail is looking smart  and may prove to be a model for others.  Reports from Iran say several opposition activists have been arrested and international broadcasters are being jammed. The International Monetary Fund issues report calling for replacement for the dollar as the world's reserve currency. Algeria prepares for day of protests 
Prodemocracy alliance expected to defy ban on demonstrations.  I think the Mubarak regime is trying to bait the crowd in Tahrir Square  Fareed Zakaria Many Egyptians are placing their trust in the army. But then there's blogger Kareem Amer, just released from prison after 3 days, who tells of the brutality and torture he witnessed there. Tanks guarding the presidential palace in Cairo turned their turrets away from approaching demonstrators, eliciting a huge cheer from the crowd.
 Witnesses Egyptian army withdraws from positions near presidential palace ... the withdrawal of the troops could be a warning to the president that the army may not be able to protect him if protesters decided to march towards the palace 15 Egypt army officers join protesters HOSNI MUBARAK HAS STEPPED DOWN! Egypt the wait [pics] One of the most startling tales from the past few years of North Korean history concerned the North's leader Kim Jongil bringing in Italian pizza chefs while his people foraged for scraps of food  Iran takes credit for the Egyptian revolution. Stay classy, Iran. Protest leaders decide to head to Presidential Palace today. Also, more than 10,000 protesters surround Egypt State TV building This is just the beginning  protests continue to ripple across Mideast, North Africa Mubarak assets frozen by Swiss government Winners of the World Press Photo Contest 2011 [pics] Egypt Hosni Mubarak used last 18 days in power to secure his fortune Egypt  done. Next stop  Algeria Algeria, 3000 protesters meet 30,000 police. Some very good pics of the cleanup in Cairo's Tahrir Square Police in Algiers clubbed demonstrators down Tahrir Square reacts to resignation By dumping Hosni Mubarak, America's closest and most important Arab ally, [U.S. President] Barack Obama has signalled to Muslims throughout the Middle East that repressive rulers can no longer rely on Washington and are vulnerable to ouster by uprising. Anonymous claims to be in possession of Stuxnet 
Virus Police in Algeria are deployed ahead of a democracy rally which has been banned by the government (Xpost  Videos) Raw video of Egyptian Army announcing Mubarack resignation Police and protestors clash in Algeria Corrupt cops being arrested in Brazil Egypt Hosni Mubarak used last 18 days in power to secure his fortune CIA officials learned of Egyptian military's plan to remove Mubarak, but Egyptian president decided at the last minute to change the ending.  A Revolution Coopted By The Regime It Opposes  Egypt is returning to the 1952 model of ruling the state via a council of army officers  Have the Egyptian people been outflanked and had the clock turned back half a century on them to the very system that produced Mubarak in the first place? Egypt military promises to abide by Israel peace deal 	

Israel unprepared for Mubarak's fall 
Critics say Israeli leaders were 'in denial' and now have few options.  214 high quality shots of Tel Aviv graffiti most awesome The domino effect Is there more to come in the Middle Eastern Arab world ? A new civilian spirit in Cairo  volunteers cleaning streets this morning Egypt military pledges transition to civilian rule China bids to ease drought with $1bn emergency water aid. World's biggest wheat producer resorts to desperate measures in attempt to protect harvest from worst drought in 60 years The Stuxnet virus was aimed at five distinct industrial facilities in Iran Musharraf Wanted In Connection With Bhutto's Death   Armed Yemeni government supporters break up protest. Algeria shuts down internet and Facebook as protest mounts   Egypt Americans scorn AlJazeera but it playd greater role in promoting democracy in Arab world than anything US did NaziLeak The leak of thousands of confidential emails from members of Germany's farright National Democratic Party shows the group is soaked in racist and neoNazi ideology... and illegally misappropriates public funds. Egyptians Can Claim Mubaraks Stolen Billions From Feb 1, Swiss law allows for money deposited in Swiss banks by Third World dictators to be reimbursed to the legitimate governments of the dictators countries of origin (!)  Egypt's Army dissolves parliament From meeting with Bradley, from getting to know him and from watching his state degrade over time, the only conclusion I can reach is that this is torture.  Iranian antigovernment protests planned for Monday. DAE feel that facebook is getting far too much credit in the mainstream media for the Egyptian revolution? Iran opposition to hold demonstrations on Monday despite government warnings  Canada's lead weapons treaty negotiator has been removed from his post after American negotiators complained he was too tough and aggressive on behalf of Canada in disarmament talks.
 Chinese Stereotypes of Westerners Americans are stereotyped as the good guy, the evil characters are French and English, and the dumb characters are German. Canadian woman stripsearched by U.S. border guards after failing to declare raspberries Yemens police beat back protesters intent on overthrowing president Police armed with sticks & daggers on Sunday beat back thousands of protesters marching through the capital in a 3rd day of demonstrations calling for political reforms & the resignation of the president. Sex trafficking in the UK  Powerful crime investigation told through story of Romanian's abduction and violent imprisonment as prostitute in Manchester. Raped by different men 50 times a week. Hers is just one story; up to 5,000 others still to be told Assange has been talking about these BofA documents since (at least) October of 2009. At what point does this become a Pics, or it didn't happen situation? Army private 'pressured to implicate Assange' 10,000 Algerian protesters, defying a ban on demonstrations, shouted Power Out, and $155 Billion, and We're Still Poor, a reference to the oil producer's estimated foreignexchange reserves Here we go again, another western support regime closes down the internet in the face of popular revolt Egypt Al Jazeera owned this story the last 18 days. Iraq man dies of selfimmolation to protest rising unemployment How the Egyptian protesters fooled the police. Twenty January 25 protests were announced via the Internet, but twentyone were planned. The announced 20 were prevented from reaching Tahrir Square by riot police. The secret 21st protest succeeded. Day of protests in 200 Italian cities against Berlusconi Hundreds of women will take to the streets of Italys cities, calling on Berlusconi to resign after prosecutors requested he be sent to trial for having sex with an underage prostitute A US official told The Sunday Telegraph Hosni Mubarak used the 18 days it took for protesters to topple him to shift his vast wealth into untraceable accounts overseas, Western intelligence sources have said U.S. Jewish groups congratulate Egyptians on ousting Mubarak  Brotherhood won't seek power in Egypt Breaking AntiGovernment Protests Spread to Iran.  Thousands march together today. Citizens of Algeria vow to hold a protest every Saturday until the government falls Chevron Fined $8.2 Billion in Ecuador Pollution Case Mubarak and family amassed $70 billion He may be the richest man and they the richest family on Earth. All this happened when millions of Egyptians lost their farms, while more than 40% live on less than $2 a day Protests spread to Iran and Bahrain in 'day of rage' With signs reading Enough! and We want a country that respects women, thousands took to the streets across Italy on Sunday in coordinated demonstrations against Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, but their outpouring of frustration did not look poised to bring about political change.  Shame of Britain's Muslim schools Secret filming shows pupils beaten  | Mail Online Tunisia Style Iranians defy government ban to join rally in Tehran, with demonstrations and street clashes in Bahrain and Yemen Revealed how energy firms spy on environmental activists Egypt Echoes Across Region Iran, Bahrain, Yemen Iran praises Egyptian protests one day and cracks down on its own people's protests soon after. 2/14  Bahrain (Islamic island nation) protesters terrorized by rampaging firing police force (video).  Peak oil We are asleep at the wheel  Saudis have overstated their oil reserves France calls for new global finance system Bahrain Now Bracing For Its Own Day Of Rage After Giving Every Family $2,660 Fails An estimated one MILLION women protested in 280 cities in Italy on Sunday, to demand action against Berlusconi over the latest scandals and for fair opportunities for women at work Taliban war crimes Human rights groups finally notice The Iranian leaders who cheered the popular overthrow of an Egyptian strongman last week have promised to crush an opposition march planned for Monday in solidarity with the Egyptian people. Egypt opposition leader escapes assassination attempt   Egypt Now police demonstrate  Cairo policemen march to demand higher wages and more respect. Ecuador court orders Chevron to pay $8 billion Amateur film of Iranian protests. From BBC News Julian Assange, Swedish Prime Minister Reinfeldt and Karl Rove interview with Brian Palmer, voted 2002 Best Lecturer by the student body of Harvard University. 'Sweden has become somewhat of a voluntary vassal state of the USA.' Thousands of Italian women march in protest of Berlusconi in particular, and degradation of Italian women in general. Egyptians and Tunisians collaborated to shake Arab history  A twoyear collaboration of dissidents gave birth to a new force  a panArab youth movement dedicated to spreading democracy in a region without it. Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on charges of paying for sex with an underage girl and abuse of power. Wikileaks, Bank of America and Glenn Greenwald It was the DOJ that recommended HB Gary to Bank of America. And their actions fit the DOJ's agenda to destroy WikiLeaks. The DOJ will conveniently look the other way. Defector admits to WMD lies that triggered Iraq war Bahraini Protestors take the main square! In a case that has dragged on for nearly two decades, Chevron has been fined by an Ecuadorian court for dumping billions of gallons of toxic materials into the amazon Dalai Lama's nephew killed on Florida walk for Tibet Egypt Is The Revolution Being CoOpted?  We still have the same cabinet appointed by Mubarak. The emergency state is still enforced. Old detainees are still in detention and new ones since the 25th of January remain missing. There is no public apology for the killings. Yemenis Trying To Oust Leader Protest For 5th Day The inside story of Egyptian soldiers refusing orders to massacre people in Tahrir Square Day of Rage protests across Iran, Algeria, Bahrain and Yemen. [Videos] Emboldened by the successes in Tunisia and Egypt, Gabon's people took to the streets this weekend to demand the resignation of President Ali Bongo In Bahrain, protesters bridge SunniShiite divide to challenge monarchy. Bahraini police fire at protesters, at least 1 killed Jordan King's Bodyguards Shoot Protesters, not mentioned in the MSN news $2m drug submarine seized by Colombian navy BBC News  FBI overstated evidence used in anthrax letters case Unrest Grows in Bahrain as Police Kill a 2nd Protester  King Tut Statues Stolen From Egypt Museum Another admitted liar on the Iraq had WMDs team. Janabi holds little regrets on what he did, admitting that he is comfortable despite the 100,000person civilian death toll and thousands of soldiers killed. According to eye witnesses  Saudi Armed forces go through King Fahad Bridge towards Bahrain.  (Link in Arabic).  This could get ugly for the protestors Argentina accuses US of trying to smuggle weapons into country In Canada, 26 record labels have secretly filed a massive lawsuit against isoHunt, BEFORE the Canadian DMCA was introduced. Hilary Clinton says she supports Iranian protestors  Beijing looks warily at Egypt uprising
 Egyptian Newspaper Elbashayer sources said that Hosni Mubarak passed away this Tuesday, and that it will be revealed to the public later on tomorrow. Japan suspends Antartic whaling  BBC CBS News' Lara Logan Assaulted During Egypt Protests Mubarak ordered Tiananmenstyle massacre of demonstrators, Army refused. Mubarak ordered the Egyptian Third Army to crush the demonstrators in Tahrir Square with their tanks. Fathers who had spent their lives serving the Egyptian army told their sons to disobey. Will popular uprisings have the same effect on Qaddafi as they did on Mubarak? The mere fact that people are lifting up their heads in a brutal police state like Libya is an incredible testament to human courage. 
 Violent protests break out in Libya Kim Jong Il celebrates 69th birthday as North Koreans starve CBS Reporter Lara Logan sexually assaulted by Egyptian mob An Israeli General has taken credit for the Stuxnet virus attacks during his retirement party China in push to develop thorium nuclear reactors Japans whaling fleet gives up under the pressure of anti whaling boats in Antarctic waters. As news of Logan's assault in Egypt broke, the victimblaming machine kicked in Antigovernment protests spread to Libya  demonstrators demand Libyan PM's resignation, but not Gadhafi's. Argentina Holds Confiscated U.S. Air Force Cargo Middle East protests  Country by country At least 211 killed in clashes in south Sudan Iraq to slash politicians salaries amid protests  The new legislation will result in savings of at least $19 million annually, and will see Prime Minister Nuri alMaliki's salary cut by nearly twothirds, cabinet secretary general Ali alAlaak told AFP. Libya day of rage planned on 17th Feb with a rap protest video to get protestors out Berlusconi knew girl was underage, had sex with her anyway Most civilian aid for Afghanistan lost | Up to 80 per cent of international help to Afghanistan is lost to international and local corruption schemes, insists Pino Arlacchi, Italian Member of the European Parliament and the former UN antidrug and crime chief. CNN Remarkable display of bravery in Iran, 
Brutality and hypocrisy by the regime Feb 15, 2011 Bahrain protesters keep up pressure Israel says Iran warships to transit Suez for Syria Iran protester's death 'hijacked by regime'
Saane Zhaleh, who was killed in clashes between protesters and security forces, is being falsely described as a progovernment militia member, according to his family 2  agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) were attacked Tuesday afternoon while driving between Mexico City and Monterrey1 dead 1 wounded  Stop blaming Italians for Berlusconi It's not voters' admiration for a Casanova prime minister that keeps Berlusconi in power  it's his control of the media In a dramatic departure from longstanding policy, the United States intends to support a United Nations Security Council resolutions censuring Israel for building settlements in Palestinian territory. Killing two people and injuring many, Bahrain police carry out a surprise, nighttime attack on square where protesters camp out. A loosely organised group of hackers has been targeting oppressive regimes and has said this is just the beginning. An unprecedented cyber attack on the Canadian government from China has given foreign hackers access to highly classified federal information. Libya murdered 16 protesters Belgians mark 'nogovernment world record' with nude protests, free beer and chips Belgium's 250 days without a national government, a world record previously held by Iraq If you live in a democracy, and dont have freedom of information, its not a democracy. And people have to understand that if you dont have freedom of information online, its not going to be offline, either.  Protests banned in Bahrain A map of world alcohol consumption British forests saved after huge backlash from public Update Bahrain protesters violently dispersed from the center square. As long as they (Iranians) are not conducting some sort of belligerent operation I think they would have a right to go through the canal like any other country, said James Kraska, professor of international law at the US Naval War College. Only nine percent of investigations into Israeli citizen violence against Palestinians and their property result in indictments. Argentina is accusing the US military of attempting to smuggle arms, drugs and spy equipment into the country under the pretext of a police training course. Why Are Food Prices Going Crazy? The authorities in Egypt have arrested three exministers for corruption Bloody crackdown in Bahrain Four killed as police raid Tahrirstyle protest in capital. Riot police in Bahrain sweep in on sleeping protesters with tear gas in attempt to clear a main square. Baghdad wants U.S. to pay $1 billion for damage to city The former Egyptian interior minister has been arrested for corruption, he is widely blamed for the brutality used by riot police during recent protests This is cloak and dagger stuff an American employed by US Embassy in Lahore shoots two Pakistani citizens. Bahrain terror as protesters shot. Live updates Our attention spans are too short, scope too small... any follow up on what's happening in Cote d'Ivoire?  In sharp reversal, U.S. agrees to rebuke Israel in Security Council  By Colum Lynch | Turtle Bay Senior officers in Iran's Revolutionary Guards have written a letter to their commanding officer demanding assurances that they will not be required to open fire on antigovernment demonstrators.  Egyptian flock to buy previously banned books Bahrain Forces open on hundreds of mourners, sending people running away in panic amid the boom of concussion grenades (!) We are calling for help. We are calling for all the countries in the world. We call for help here in Bahrain. Thug Life  
Think Mubarak was bad? Kosovo's leaders are accused of being organsmuggling, drugdealing goons  and the West is looking the other way. Google Inc. Chief Executive Eric Schmidt said the company was very proud of employee Wael Ghonim, a leader in the antigovernment protests that toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last week. Yemen holds 'Friday of Fury' as thousands of demonstrators mass in cities across the country Secret plan to destroy WikiLeaks revealed Group plans to beam free Internet across the globe from space. Glenn Greenwald US Justice v World  Libya now blocking internet access amidst revolts and protests German Defense minister relinquishes Ph.D. over plagiarism charges Fresh protests hit Iraqi cities Thousands turn out across country, demanding better service delivery and jobs from government. Why Germany Must End its Deployment in Afghanistan  The war in Afghanistan is based on four lies, including the premise that NATO allies are there to fight international terrorism, writes conservative exparliamentarian Jrgen Todenhfer. Bahrainis' anger turns on USbacked royal family  Thousands of mourners called for the downfall of Bahrain's ruling monarchy as burials began Friday after a deadly assault on proreform protesters that has brought army tanks into the streets of one of the most strategic Western allies in the Gulf. Iranian lawmakersincluding former supportershave moved to impeach President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for law violations that could land him in prison. Soldiers fire on protestors in Bahrain crackdown.  Deadly Attacks Against Protesters in Bahrain [pics] Hilary Clinton chides Israels settlements as illegitimate while in the same breath, the US vetoes a UN resolution on condemning those same settlements as illegal. 14 to 1 against Egytian Military practicing the same injustices that Mubarak was ousted for?  Three innocent protesters arrested and detained (among hundreds of others).  They were beaten, whipped, exposed to electric shocks and suspended from the door frames of their cells. Helen Thomas Jews didn't have to leave Europe following Holocaust Bahrain troops and helicopters open deadly fire on hundreds of fleeing funeral mourners and journalists amid the boom of concussion grenades Scenes from Hospital in Bahrain difficult to watch An inside look into the growing protests in Bahrain. What the US, Israel and AlQaeda has to do with it. Another Arab country erupts in protest Djibouti Thousands protests calling for the President to step down  So much for that.  US VETOES U.N. resolution condeming Israeli settlements Police gunning down protestors in Bahrain  video 1000s Of Protesters Retake Bahrain Square Libya is off the Internet. Libyan students in the US told by embassy to attend proGhaddafi rallies in DC or risk having their scholarship money revoked  Shit is really hitting the fan in the Middle East... Guardian Live Updates Lybia 84 people killed in past three days during rallies calling for ousting of Muammar Gaddafi Bahrain police retreat, protesters reoccupy Pearl Square Libya machine gunning protestors and launching mortars at them.  Protesters reoccupy Bahrain's Central Square I don't care whether I die or live, but if I die I'll bring you freedom. If I live, I'll live the freedom with you Helicopters fire at demonstrators in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, a doctor who witnessed the incident tells CNN.  DAMN! Israeli bulldozers raze Palestinian land in Jerusalem. Report Helicopters fire on Libya protesters The international community is watching...why isn't anyone helping us? Human Rights Watch claims that Libyan security forces have killed 84 people over the past three days.
 Bahrain massacre They didn't run away. They faced the bullets headon Delirious Joy in Bahrain Bahrain military withdraws; protesters swarm landmark, Protesters in Bahrain retake Pearl Roundabout Libyan protesters risk 'suicidey army hands 
Gaddafi confronts the most serious challenge to his 42year rule by unleashing army on unarmed demonstrators LIBYA African mercenaries imported by Kadafi to quash protests, Al Arabiya reports Israeli army demolishes mosque. Libyan security forces has killed least 46 protestors  Gaddafi has permitted use lethal force against unarmed protesters calling for political change  Bahrain Police shooting at unarmed women demonstrators Israeli President Peres calls Palestinian President Abbas to discuss peace process in wake of failed UN settlement resolution Palestinian envoy U.S. veto at UN 'encourages Israeli intransigence' on settlements
 Members of a Libyan army have defected and liberated Libya's second city from troops supporting veteran leader Muammar Gaddafi Watch China in the next few hours. 2pm Sunday local time a Jasmine Revolution is set to start across 13 Chinese cities. Authorities are beginning the crackdown Eyewitness from Lybia 900 killed  Muammar's special forces are executing doctors. Chinese workers at a company in Israel have been forced to agree not to have sex with or marry Israelis as a condition of getting a job. Breaking  Gaddafi on plane to Venezuela, his two sons in shoot out with each other ~ Aljazeera Live (no link yet). Moamer Kadhafi to EU Stop supporting prodemocracy rallies in Libya or I'll flood Europe with illegal immigrants Judge Napolitano WikiLeaks Rant If we allow the Governments of the world to label Assange a terrorist, and allow them to shut down Wikileaks, it will be one giant leap towards tyranny. Heavy weapons, including antiaircraft missiles, are being used by mercenaries to murder scores of prodemocracy campaigners in Colonel Gaddafi's Libya with the death toll already well into three figures China tries to stamp out 'Jasmine Revolution' Libya Update Gaddafi Losing Control Of Military? Calls for change sweeping the Arab world have now spread to the kingdom of Morocco [aljazeera] Libya Young boy killed by sniper  Libya  Hovering helicopters fired into the crowds and the hospital was receiving a steady stream of injured people Bahrain protesters hold steady, spend night in square Tough as nails. When you think about the extreme violence inflicted upon this group by the king, they know what may likely be ahead today or tomorrow. Even so, they continue Protests now reach China, 13 cities joined the first day of the Jasmine Revolution 2.0 version , for updates use #CN220 (pic via @@JunlingHu in Beijing) Libya protests Gaddafi sends in snipers to silence the dissent Robert Fisk These are secular popular revolts  yet everyone is blaming religion Lara Logan sexual assault how Egyptian women are reacting.  President of Iceland rejects the third Icesave bill and sends it to a public referendum Meanwhile in Afghanistan 64 civilians have been killed in recent Nato air strikes Video of Libyan antigovernment protesters arming after the brutal crackdown by the authorities. Denmark's supreme court on Friday ruled that Copenhagen's free city of Christiania, founded in 1971,  belongs to the state and cannot be freely used by the squatters.
 Female Foreign Correspondents Code of Silence, Finally Broken China Jasmine Revolution? 13 major cities. 2 pm local time Sunday = Midnight CST Unconfirmed Reports indicate Gaddafi Flees Abroad, Possibly Venezuela Thousands of Tunisians marched through the capital on Saturday demanding the separation of mosque and state in one of the largest demonstrations since the overthrow of Mr. Ben Ali. Protesters held up signs saying, Politics ruins religion and religion ruins politics. Hamdullah! Gaddafi burns his soldiers in their barracks for refusing to shoot protesters  VERY GRAPHIC Video of the aftermath Auschwitz survivor Hajo Meyer labeled antiSemitic for condemning Zionist atrocities. Libyan Air Force bombs protestors! My favorite protest sign of Libya Protesters in Libya have overrun army bases, seized weapons, and taken control of Benghazi. The protesters reportedly now have tanks, and intense gunfire is being reported from Tripoli. Ghadafi's son is warning of a civil war. IRAN Tens of thousands of mourn the deaths of slain protesters, gather in public areas Sunday calling for the end of Iran's religious dictatorship, are met by an extraordinary number of security forces and Basij militia who beat, shoot, and gas them Decentralizing the Internet So Big Brother Cant Find You Mikhail Gorbachev lambasts Vladimir Putin's 'sham' democracy Protests in Jordan are also getting short shrift in the media. By the type Mubarak had stepped down in Egypt after 18 days of protests, Jordan had it's sixth Friday in a row of protests for political reform. Al Jazeera Arabic reports that adverts in Geni and Nigeria asking for mercenaries, offering up to US $2000 dollars per day. From AJE liveblog at 1.20 AM. Gaddafi son 'We will eradicate them all' Libyan planes defect to Malta to avoid bombing own citizens Japan to excavate WWII human experimentation site Anyone else getting sick of this type of BS coming from the UK and the US regarding Egypt. They're the ones that supported Mubarak for 30 years, now they're scrambling to look like the nice guys.  Libya's second largest city, Benghazi, has fallen to antigovernment forces after a crack army unit defected to the opposition. Qaddafi Son Warns of 'Rivers of Blood' as Libya Revolt Spreads  Instead of weeping over 84 dead people, we will weep over hundreds of thousands of dead, Saif alIslam Qaddafi said on state television. Rivers of blood will flow. Chancellor Angela Merkels Christian Democratic Union suffers major defeat on Sunday in Hamburg election, Social Democrats make big gains and will form new government Chinese police crush online call for Middle Eaststyle revolution
 Military bases and tanks seized in Libya Studies using a submersible found a layer, as much as 10cm thick in places, of dead animals and oil (gulf oil spill) What's going on in Bahrain and why? Some facts, some history, and my own views as a Bahraini. FROM A LIBYAN AMERICAN  WHERE IS THE INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY? Gaddafi leaves Libya  Libya's Muammar Gaddafi has left his country for Venezuela or Brazil, as protests calling on him to step down have turned violent, a report says.  Zimbabweans arrested viewing Mideast news  Large quake strikes Christchurch, New Zealand Nearly all of Libya's foreign diplomats (including the Libyan ambassador to the U.S.) are urging nations to impose a nofly zone in Libya to stop Gaddafi from attacking civilians with jets & helicopters. BREAKING Lybia  using FUCKING PLANES to kill protesters.
 Eastern part of Libya falls as military refuses to kill citizens Libya's Interior Minister has announced his defection and support for the revolution. Israeli soldiers strip a Palestinian child and urinate on him... and then the kid gets taken to court Gaddafi is going mental on Al Jazeera right now. Britain and the US have caused instability in the Middle East by supporting autocratic regimes that suppress human rights, David Cameron has said 
 Libya's intelligence agency is behind the powerful jamming that has disrupted Al Jazeera television's signal across much of the Middle East and North Africa BREAKING magnitude 6.3 earthquake hits Christchurch, New Zealand  video from near the epicentre. Gaddafi has ordered security services to start sabotaging oil pipelines, cutting off flow to Mediterranean ports.
 The global media's attention is focused on the revolutions sweeping through North Africa and the Middle East. But not all revolutions are blessed with this level of attention. The West African nation of Gabon is currently also in popular revolt. What, you haven't heard of it? IRAN Iranian protesters charging and overtaking police [VIDEO] Military using live ammunition on protesters in  Ivory Coast Four U.S. citizens on a yacht hijacked by Somali pirates last week are dead, a U.S. defense official says.   Amazing graphic shows before and after pics of New Zealand Earthquake Gaddafi just gave another speech Protesters are a small group of young people on drugs. They are sick.  Earthquake in New Zealand [pics] A group of Libyan army officers have reportedly issued a statement urging fellow soldiers to join the people and help remove Gaddafi from power. AJE Live blog  2.00AM. Students In Zimbabwe Arrested For Watching Coverage Of Arab Uprisings Google Maps  mapping of the protests spreading across the Middle East on this master map.  2 000 000 Egyptians in Tahrir Square singing Free Palestine!  Huge quake hit Christchurch, NZ 6.3 magnitude at 5kms depth  bigger even than the original Sept 4 quake ( Petraeus suggests Afghans burned their own children to exaggerate civilian casualty claims Blogger able to give real updates about whats happening in Libya Is anyone listening to Gadaffi right now? He is batshit insane. Libya Horrific Twitter posts, videos and pics direct from LibyaWARNINGHIGHLY,HIGHLY GRAPHIC SOME OF THESE ARE NSFL! BREAKING NEWS Libyan military aircraft CRASHES after crew REFUSES TO BOMB city of Benghazi, reports Libyan newspaper Quryna.  Egyptian soldiers wouldn't shoot their own citizens. Why do Libyans shoot theirs? Because they are not Libyans doing the shooting. They are $2000 per day mercenaries.  LA Fire Department sending 74 search and rescue specialists to Christchurch. Cheers guys, NZ appreciates it.  Julian Assange is very likely to be extradited. Libyan warship defects to Malta.  Q What do Bahrain, Libya and China have in common? A They are all current members of the UN Human Rights Council.  40% of Dubai's property is VACANT... 1/5 of Bahrain's population shows up to protest This must be a joke Ahmadinejad urges Gaddafi to agree with peoples desires Malta turns back Libyan plane with Qaddafi's daughter aboard Starving N. Korea begs for food Gaddafi I shall remain here defiant. Says he's ready to die a martyr. With over 1000 dead now, I hope he gets his death wish soon. The Facebook Revolution is coming to Saudi Arabia on March 20th, page listing 12 demands for reform already has thousands of followers The Guardian always stands up to defend BP. In cable 07BAKU1268 The Guardian deleted the remarks from an Azeri businessman, who said that BP was violating laws and forcing up prices. In cable 08BAKU671 they deleted a critical phrase about BP Libya 2,000 reported killed in Benghazi, 1,000 in Tripoli Hey /r/worldnews. Twenty minutes ago a siren sounded and two rockets landed within hearing distance from me  Beersheba, Israel. Chinese activists seized after call for 'jasmine revolution' WikiLeaks Cables Detail Qaddafi Familys Exploits Egyptian flag flies between Church and Mosque in Alexandria, Egypt. Greece was paralysed on Wednesday morning as thousands of workers walked off the job to protest at the governments austerity measures. Strike has brought maritime traffic and train services to a halt and disrupted transport. Libya's exjustice minister on Wednesday was quoted as telling a Swedish newspaper that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi personally ordered the Lockerbie bombing that killed 270 people in 1988.
 Over 500 Indian workers sue US firm for human trafficking Libya is now divided in two, with the east largely in the hands of dissidents and the West still under the thumb of Qaddafis security forces 90% of Libya in Rebel Hands Qaddafi is left only with Tripoli, about 1 million people, where the streets are ghostly and marauding security forces hotrod it through the streets, sometimes firing indiscriminately Switzerland Freezes Assets of Qaddafi Fear in Saudi Arabia King Abdullah announces $36bn in financial support measures to avert the kind of popular unrest that has toppled leaders across the region BREAKING  Ghadafi's son joins the Libyan protesters! Charges initiated against Pope for crimes against humanity Late last year the U.S. agreed to sell $60 billion in weapons to Saudi Arabia, the largest arms deal ever. Just in time for the regional fireworks to begin. The riots are expanding even into North Korea. 
Hundreds of protesters have collided with the 
authorities What is this shit about putting sanctions on Libya?  All that's going to do is make the people suffer even and do nothing to slow down Qaddafi.  If anything, it will help him. Something to think about  Every story referencing Gaddafi Shot is about today's oil trading. Monsanto's GM seeds are more expensive and after a few years, weeds can become tolerant to Roundup Ready and other glyphosate herbicides so farmers must return to conventional farming practices anyway. Therefore, there is no benefit to planting GM crop Algeria lifts 19yearold state of emergency German navy sends 3 warships to Libya (google translate) AntiGaddafi Forces Surround Tripoli Al Arabiya At least 10,000 dead and 50,000 wounded in Libya. Zimbabwe charges 46 with treason for watching 
videos of Egypt protests European Union considering sending humanitarian intervention force in to Libya.  Libya protests Gaddafi says Bin Laden to blame South African Government Confirms Sale Of Arms To Libya Libya Captured Mercenaries (video) Barack Obama tells Gaddafi Libya violence must stop  US president finally breaks silence on Libya to condemn ruling regime and make threat of sanctions
 Among other things, Mr Gaddafi has ordered security services to start sabotaging oil facilities, A Facebook page calling for revolution in Saudi Arabia receives backing of hundreds of users demanding an elected ruler, greater freedom for women and the release of political prisoners Chinese oil facilities in Libya attacked and looted.  More than 30,000 Chinese citizens are currently present in Libya. A UN First! Both Israel and Palestine CoSponsor Resolution Condemning Libya Violence Young Boy Shot in Head  Libya  EXTREMELY GRAPHIC. protests spread to North Korea Merkel rebukes Israeli PM Netanyahu for failing to advance peace. 'You haven't made a single step' Vatican Priests in 23 countries have been sexually abusing and raping nuns for years South Korea drops leaflets into North about democracy protests in Egypt, Libya & the Middle East. AlJazeera in Talks With Comcast Over U.S. Distribution South Korea's Internet To Be 200 Times Faster Than In U.S. All diplomats at the Libyan embassy in New Delhi have now defected. Not just the ambassador but the entire embassy Al Jazeera has learned. This is an excerpt of the press release sent to Al Jazeera. South Korea floods North Korea with balloons telling them of Middle East protests Saudi youths call for rally in Jeddah  A group calling itself Jeddah Youth for Change has distributed printed statements, calling on the people to join a demonstration near alBeia Square in Jeddah on Friday. Holy shit. This is what revolution and conflict sounds like. NPR talking with a man on via phone as you can hear the army attack a square full of protesters. Protesters are able to fight them off and commandeer a tank.  Protesters set fire to Gaddafi family palace A Day in High School Hell  Diary of a Chinese Student 100,000 people pack Tunis to demand Prime Minister Ghannouchi step down 45 Zimbabweans arrested and charged with treason for watching a video of the Egyptian revolution Taliban walk into Afghan bank and massacre scores of customers (Video) Egypt Thank You World Media! S.Korea drops leaflets into North about Egypt, Libya No to Military Intervention in Libya  We should not repeat the mistake of Iraq. The United States  or Europe  should not send troops to Libya... Raymond Davis, the American spook arrested for murdering two people in Pakistan, may have been the acting head of CIA there Ugh...More Libyan bloodshed could prompt U.S., NATO intervention The New Libyan Army as the rebels are calling themselves, are planning for a major offensive to liberate Tripoli from Gadhafi! BAGHDAD  Demonstrations turned violent across Iraq on Friday, as protesters burned buildings and security forces fired on the crowds. Why N.Koreans Are Starving Mercenaries gather in Tripoli for final battle Helium balloons to be floated to North Korea will carry propaganda leaflets with news of the popular uprisings sweeping the Middle East Egypt's Military Council Strikes Back at Protesters While the World's Eyes are Focused on Libya &lt;NSFW&gt; My uncle was killed today after praying Friday prayer in Libya Egypt committee proposes 4year presidential term Arabs telling Americans You can do it, too. Libya &lt;&lt;NSFW / NSFL&gt;&gt; Snipers Shooting People in the head (video) A woman in Tripoli plea for help from the rest of the world .. only way we can fix this is if somebody takes action, if you just make Libya a nofly zone. He's bringing African mercenaries because he has so much money... They go inside to kill us, to rape us, to destroy our country..  Protests spread to another Arab country, Oman. Gaddafi forces abandon parts of Tripoli Libya is important, but don't forget Bahrain  an article on the importance of Bahrain's revolution on the rest of the region British SAS on the ground in Libya secure airstrips as RAF fly in Hercules aircraft to rescue 150 oil workers. The end of China's cheap denim dream.The era of Chinese factories churning out dirtcheap goods is over.  NEW DELHI ISRO scientists have discovered a giant underground chamber on the moon, which could be used as a lunar base by astronauts for interplanetary missions. Scientists using data gathered from ChandrayaanI, found a 1.2 km long buried, uncollapsed and near horizontal lava tube. How bankers destroyed the global economy Major Yemen tribes join protesters
Powerful tribal leaders, including those of the Hashid and Baqil, pledge to join protesters against the government. Serbian military pilots reportedly took part in the bombing of protesters in the Libyan cities of Tripoli and Benghazi. This claim was made public after two Libyan pilots fled to Malta Egyptian Army attacks coptic monasteries Libya UK officials tell Gaddafi loyalists to defect or face war crimes trial No Ambulances for protesters in Libya, so this driver of a Hyundai risks his life to drive the injured... Zimbabwe Law professor arrested, tortured for showing videos of news reports about uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia to students and activists Iraq 'Day of Rage' protests followed by detentions, beatings As protests crackdowns continue, West lines up to sell arms Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin cautioned the West Thursday that attempts to meddle in the rebellions of the Arab world may sweep extremists to power.  You have to give people the chance to choose their own fates and their own futures,  Wikileaks cables are less than 2% complete, here's a nice little perspective... SOLVED  Mercs is supplied by Mugabe, Gaddafi forever bro.., now he is shaking like chocolate milkshake and punish to death anyone opening youtube. Majority of income is from Libya, so if Gadaffi fall, soon Zimbabwe may follow. (what? the title is to long?) PAKISTAN Two more disappeared persons are extrajudicially killed in Balochistan to destroy evidence of abduction by law enforcement agencies  Asian Human Rights Commission Tunisia's Prime Minister Resigns! Shit hits the fan in Croatia  riots spread to the popular Europe's resort country, demanding the resignation of corrupt prime minister Kosor's government Small Girl Shot In Head with 14.5mm Bullet in Libya [NSFW] Egyptian prison guards are gunning down inmates
 at least 200 prisoners have been killed UN Security Council unanimously orders sanctions against Libya, and refers Muammar Gaddafi to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. Libyan army taking people to alleys and executing them. Hugo Chavez interviewed by the BBC. democracy is impossible in a capitalist system. Capitalism is the realm of injustice and a tyranny of the richest against the poorest.  Only the rule of law sets you free. The only way to save the world is through democratic socialism. Over 600 Videos and COUNTING of the Protests in Libya. We need people to see this. [WARNING MANY VIDEOS ARE HIGHLY GRAPHIC.]
 Crowded into an empty classroom which was stinking of unwashed bodies and reeking of fear, Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's defeated mercenary killers awaited their fate. Study 60% of Saudi men financially exploit their wives  Some Saudi men use wives salaries to marry again William Hague, United Kingdom Foreign Secretary ...I signed a directive revoking his [Muammar Gaddafi] diplomatic immunity in the United Kingdom but also the diplomatic immunity of his sons, his family, his household. So it is very clear where we stand on his status as the head of state. Egypt Revolution not over Cairo's Tahrir Square was again the scene for bloody violence as the Egyptian army moved to quash continued protests for civilian rule. Government scientists have released research that millions of acres of Chinese agricultural land and over 12 million tons of Chinese grain are contaminated by toxic metal pollution, according to...the China Economic Weekly, a staterun magazine. China locks down over Jasmine protests. Bloomberg reporter beaten up badly by thugs thought to be plainclothes Chinese police. Tunisian Prime Minister Resigns As so many people are struggling for freedom around the world, we should be mindful of what Eisenhower said fifty years ago. Saudi intellectuals call for sweeping reforms North Korea threatens to attack South over military 
drills, propoganda balloons ZAWIYA, Libya (AP)  Hundreds of armed antigovernment forces backed by rebel troops who control the city closest to the capital Tripoli prepared Sunday to repel an expected offensive by forces loyal to Moammar Gadhafi surrounding Zawiya. Libyan militias prepare to join forces before assault on Tripoli The price of food is at the heart of this wave of 
revolutions Map of current status of cities in Libya Gadhafi faces another damaging desertion. His voluptuous' blond Ukrainian nurse Galyna Kolotnytska is going home. North Korea Warns of Military Response Against South Over Leaflet Drops  Bloomberg RAF C130 shot at taking off in Libya African mercenaries hired by the Gaddafi regime to kill Libyan protesters would be immune from prosecution for war crimes due to a clause in this weekend's UN resolution that was demanded by US Wikileaks goes after the Saudi royal family  Besides the huge monthly stipends that every Saudi royal receives, the cables detail various moneymaking schemes some royals have used to finance their lavish lifestyles over the years. World wide peaceful protest against the banking/corporate elite and what they are doing to us and our planet. April 1517. Lets make this big!!! Reddit, there's a group of young men and women trying to bring an end to one of Africa's tyrannical regimes and they could use your help. Sudanese forces are beating and imprisoning peaceful protesters demanding fair elections, fair wages and an end to corruption and injustice.  CIA operative in Pakistan a terrorist organizer and recruiter Does this surprise anyone? [NSFL  graphic content] Motorist mows down dozens of cyclists at high speed in Porto Algere Brasil (Feb 25 2011) Silvio Berlusconi sex case witness has car torched Men Found Buried Alive At Gaddafi Compound  Iran has arrested opposition leaders Mirhossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi, the opposition website Kaleme said on Monday. 
Sources say that they have been arrested and transferred to Heshmatiyeh jail in Tehran, Libyan Soldier Kills Battalion Commander Libya Photos Inside a  Modern War Room African Dictator son orders Yacht worth $380 Million His timing couldnt be worse. Popular uprisings in the middle east may spread to other countries! Fidel Castro expected to step down as Cuba party chief  Rebel army may be formed as Tripoli fails to oust Gaddafi Gaddafi says 'all my people love me' A Facebook page calls for mass protests in Syria to oust President Bashar alAssad Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan urges Turks not to Assimilate into German society Foreign journalists roughed up in China. Why is this not getting more attention? Robert Mugabe ready to offer Gaddafi asylum. This comes just days after 46 people in Zimbabwe were arrested for watching videos of the Egyptian protests. Reedit, what can we possibly do about these assholes? Kenya, Ethiopia may attack al Shabaab British contractor in Iraq gets 20 years for 2 killings. China's latest Five Yr Plan calls for creating selfsustaining growth based on domestic consumption and reducing China's reliance on exports Muslims and Christians Work Together in a New Egypt BUSTED Notorious Nepalese Rhino Poaching Syndicate Shall Kill No More! Argentina's exmilitary leaders tried over baby thefts from political prisoners Anonymous Open letter To The World [Time to make the world what it should be!] Wikileaks among nominees for 2011 Nobel Peace Prize Tony Blair used his final foreign trip as prime minister to sign a confidential deal with Muammar Gaddafi to train Libyan special forces and supply him with Nato secrets.  German Defence Minister KarlTheodor zu Guttenberg has stepped down after he was found to have copied large parts of his university doctorate Afghanistan, February 2011 [pics] Tens of thousands of antigovernment protesters took to the streets today in Yemen, calling for the end of President Ali Abdullah Saleh's 32year rule. Saudi Arabia sends tanks to Bahrain  Witnesses said that the causeway was blocked as 15 tank carriers carrying two tanks each were heading towards Bahrain Saudi Arabia Ripe for Revolution. AlArabiya DirectorGeneral Where Was All This Bold Criticism of AlQadhafi during the 40 Years of His Tyranny? Right after the Israeli film Strangers No More a documentary film that focuses foreign children wins an Oscar, Israel is planning a mass expulsion of these children Why I dont give money to Africa Dictator's son orders a $380 million luxury yacht, with a cost of almost three times more than his country spends annually on health and education Son of Equatorial Guinea's dictator had plans drawn up for $380m superyacht  that's three times the worth Equatorial Guinea's health and education bill BREAKING Iran forces fire teargas, clash with protesters! Is NATO trying to silence reports on civilian casualties in Kunar?  A crisis is brewing over alleged civilian casualties in northeastern Afghanistan, while US forces temporarily detain journalists covering the incident. Ice Age Child Found in Prehistoric Alaskan Home  Westerners, be careful the company you keep  If Western governments want to have any credibility in the postrevolutionary Arab world, they need to stop hiring people, even as envoys, who are already in the pay of current or former Arab dictators.  Iran is threatening a boycott of the 2012 olympics because it says the logo is racist. Israel vows to raze all illegal outposts built on private Palestinian land With Russia's $650 billion rearmament plan, the bear sharpens its teeth  If Russia can reduce reliance on its aging Sovietera nuclear missile deterrent, analysts say it could create a 'whole new ball game.' FAKE Jasmin revolution in China... Israeli settlers hit back after army demolishes their West Bank homes Call for a 'day of rage' as hardliners attack Palestinian villages and block roads in Jerusalem Libya Russia, China join France in opposing military action by foreign countries against Gaddafi  Gaddafi delusional, unleashes more jets to bombard prodemocracy activists Son of African dictator builds 380 million dollar yacht... yeah that seems legit. Saddi Gaddafi is bothered with traveling issue regarding new sanctions because he spent most of his life traveling I have some hobbies after I quit football. I do some hunting, I go to safari. In Libya there is no safari, so I got to go to safari, I got to hire a lawyer. The problem with Google Earth people will get mad when they see the scale of your huge palace next to insanely crowded slums. Just ask the King of Bahrain... My father recieved Non Hodgkin's Lymphona cancer after serving in the Bosnian war, and now after 25+ years peacekeeping for his country they deny him a pension. Please help get the word out, VAC is taking my dad's last days away from him.
(chronicle herald article included)  Libya's Bankers Exposed Goldman, JP Morgan And Citi A summary of what WikiLeaks has uncovered so far. Staggering. Pakistani Minister for Minority Affairs Assassinated  Veteran Israeli diplomat resigns in protest to Israeli foreign policy blaming global antiIsraeli occupation views on antiSemitism is simplistic and artificial Democracy Virus Has Dictators Fretting First it was Ben Ali in Tunisia, then Mubarak in Egypt. Now Libya's Gadhafi is under pressure. From Cuba to China, dictators are watching events in the Arab world with alarm, with full knowledge that ideas are spreading to their populations via the Internet Bank of England governor blames spending cuts on bank bailouts. 'The price of this financial crisis is being borne by people who absolutely did not cause it'
 China wants ALL trades settled in Yuan.  Does not 
hide intention to challenge other reserve currencies 
(namely the Dollar). Zimbabwean army helping Gaddafi in Libya  Two shot dead at Frankfurt Airport  a bus at Terminal 2 used by the US military was targeted. The bus driver and one US soldier are thought to have been killed in the shooting. TIL that you're not allowed to broadcast false or misleading news in Canada.  I also learned that some people want to change this. I'm not even religious, but God speed you tough bastards. Violent suppression of protest at Toronto's G20  CBC documentary [video] Canada sends warship to Libya Gorbachev tells Putin not to run for president  He said the vertical of power that the Kremlin has built to oversee the country's politics and economics has rotted to its core and issued a direct challenge to the country's defacto leader, Putin, to step aside. Zimbabwe More Activists Arrested As Mugabe Hits Panic Button US soldiers shot and killed at German airport Declaration Of CyberWar  
Intimate history of Stuxnet computer virus, apparently designed to paralyse Iranian nuclear centrifuges. Does excellent job of explaining with minimal jargon why this virus was so innovative, complex, devastating SAS Ready To Seize Col Gaddafi's Stores Of Mustard Gas  Can you guess the most censored countries?  UPDATE Sudan youth group calls for mass demonstrations on March 21st; Members of ruling party already urging Bashir to bring about immediate reforms. [xpost /r/Sudan] Social networking causes problematicallylarge street parties in Brazil UN suspends Libya from Human Rights Council  Libya has become the first country to be suspended from the UN Human Rights Council, after the rest of the world condemned the Gaddafi regime's gross and systematic violations of the rights of its people. German unemployment down to 7.9%