 Police in Sydney are trying to defuse a bomb that has been strapped to a teenage girl Greece to decriminalize drugs. MP who doggedly hunted News Corp execs was warned by Rebekah Brooks she would pursue him for the rest of his life Italy approves draft law to ban burqa  Randi Zuckberg I think anonymity on the Internet has to go away  Israel's secular middle class strikes back  Protest over housing costs starts to turn into confrontation with the government. Could crack open issue of why so much taxpayers' money is spent supporting unproductive ultraOrthodox Chinese agency downgrades U.S. credit rating Exsoldiers sentenced to 6,000 years in prison for Guatemalan massacre Saudi Arabian lawmakers have put a draft law before the Shura Council that would in effect criminalise legitimate dissent. Ukraine to save bears from forced vodka drinking FINALLY! U.N. Security Council condemns Syria over crackdown NATO investigates BBC reporter's death in Afghanistan. A local news agency has suggested he was killed by US troops. Paralysed woman's tries to claim 6m damages from friend's father after getting drunk and diving into the shallow end of his pool. Fails. Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon accelerated in June, with over 300 sq kilometers destroyed, a 17% increase over the previous month One of our islands is missing Egypt Trial of exPresident Hosni Mubarak to open Libya Allying With Islamists, Qaddafi Son Says The liberals will escape or be killed, vows Seif elIslam elQaddafi . . . Libya will look like Saudi Arabia, like Iran. So what? Head of Radioisotope Center at University of Tokyo, Prof. Kodama, testifies on how serious Fukushima fallout really is Syrian tanks occupy main Hama square, shell cityresidents and besiege protest hubs  All communications have been cut off. The regime is using the media focus on the Hosni Mubarak trial to finish off Hama, one of the residents told Reuters  As Italy Crumbles, Berlusconi Hosts Another Bunga Bunga Party Poll Muslims, atheists most likely to reject violence Cull of 30,000 pet dogs ordered after deadly rabies outbreak in Chinese city of Jiangmen but experts say plan unscientific and inhumane Rape as a Weapon of War Men Suffer, Too  Global Spin  TIME.com I have always been interested in physics and chemistry, Handl said, adding he just wanted to see if it's possible to split atoms at home. Interview with an Utya survivor   'This is police, you're safe.' That's the trick he used.  Facebook facial recognition software violates privacy laws, says Germany  Social network must stop programme and delete data already collected on users  or face fines up to 300,000, says official A Muslim woman punched a man in the face after he had photographed her on a busy Toronto intersection; claims that her religious rights had been violated 'Bom device attached to Mosman schoolgirl was a 'very, very elaborate' hoax

 Shell admits liability for huge Nigeria oil spill. 'BP did more in six months for the US communities than Shell has done in 50 years for the Ogoniland,' activist says. India to give $2bn to fund bailouts in Europe UK copyright law shakeup will give 8bn boost to economy Business Sec, Vince Cable, We are removing the barriers to the intellectual property system to encourage innovation. We need a legal framework that supports consumer use rather than one that sees it as regrettable.  Policies that have frustrated Palestinians for years are now being applied to middleclass Israelis, too Pet owners get to keep their dogs thanks to wave of fierce protests after Chinese city ordered 30,000 pet dogs seized & killed in bid to stop spread of rabies   The plan was criticized as unscientific & inhumane by experts The secret British interrogation policy that could never be made public Tony Blair's government was guilty of developing something close to a criminal policy Stocks collapse on global slowdown fears   Niger delta oil spills cleanup will take 30 years, says UN UK officials were allowed to interrogate tortured prisoners, document shows. Japan drives down yen as crisis grips world financial markets  Bank of Japan sells more than one trillion yen to stem currency's value For Syrians living in the city of Hama, it's a recurring nightmare  the sounds of tanks rolling into the city center, and screams. Activists say hundreds killed in Syria. Syrian army intensifies Hama assault I saw with my own eyes one young boy on a motorcycle who was carrying vegetables being run over by a tank. French court orders probe of IMF chief Lagarde's role in a muchcriticized $400 million arbitration deal in favor of a controversial tycoon. Italy likely to default  Canadian government accused of 'unprecedented' tar sands lobbying  
'Friends of the Earth Europe' claims ministers have attempted to undermine European fuel legislation that would affect exports Chile police, students clash in banned protests Swedish man caught trying to split atoms at home Canada Fires Environment Ministry Scientists &  Meteorologists, Hires Oil Lobbyists BBC News  Piers Morgan 'needs to explain hacking comments' A French court on Thursday ordered an investigation into new IMF chief Christine Lagarde's role in a muchcriticized $400 million arbitration deal in favor of a controversial tycoon. Shouting in the Dark  The story of the Arab revolution that was forgotten by the world Smolensk air crash Poland sacks top military officers  Thirteen top Polish military officers have been fired, and a deputy defence minister has resigned, over last year's air disaster in western Russia. 'People are being slaughtered like sheep' Gunmen in plainclothes are randomly shooting people in the streets of the besieged Syrian city of Hama and families are burying their loved ones in gardens at home for fear of being killed themselves if they venture out to cemeteries, a resident says. Ethiopia 'using aid as weapon of oppression'. Villages who voted for the opposition are starving near wellfed communities BBC News  Wall Street and global markets tumble on debt fears Syria has killed over 2,000 demonstrators during the Arab Spring Based on Portuguese example, Britains Liberal Democrats want inquiry into decriminalising drug possession Philippine President meets with MILF separatists Internet Evolution  
The War on Web Anonymity   Iranian youths arrested for public water pistol fight in Tehran, due to government fears of mixedgender play and the effective use of social media New Zealand bans sale of 43 legal weed products designed to mimic marijuana high Riot police in the Chilean capital, Santiago, are 
using tear gas and water cannon to break up 
demonstrations by students demanding educational 
reform. Another British Journalist Admits to Phone Hacking  This Time at the Guardian   Chile student protests against Right Wing government explode into violence Sex strike works in Colombia, authorities bow to demands  Gadhaffi's retreating forces leave landmines Syria demonstrators rally despite crackdown Friday protests across the nation, a day after Assad announces political concessions and US says he has lost legitimacy. Officials in China Seized Infants for Black Market, Parents Say Fjordman (the Norwegian counterjihad blogger who inspired Breivik) reveals identity 26 police officers resign in northern Mexico town
 China's Manhattan KnockOff  On a peninsula southeast of Beijing, developer Vincent Lee literally wants to build a copy of New York City 

Niger Delta left with $1bn oil pollution cleanup bill  

Damage worse than thought, says UN NATO Airstrike Kills Gadhafi's Son Libyan rebels claim Gaddafi son killed Rebel spokesman says Libyan army commander Khamis Gaddafi killed in NATO airstrike on Zlitan, a claim government denies. Has Turkey taken an authoritarian turn? Some say Turkey's civilian government has conspired to discredit the military and consolidate power. EFF Mexican Newspaper Uncovers Systemic Monitoring Plans of Public Online Sources Yingluck Shinawatra Voted In As Thailand's First Female Prime Minister  US Embassy cables depict a farreaching campaign to prevent Haiti's democratically elected leader from returning to the country after the 2004 coup. Chess federation president barred from presenting prizes at the British chess championships in Sheffield... because he was wearing a gay rights Tshirt Who Is The Guilty Party?  
On the difficulties of trying to be honest in China. Writer buys flat. Previous owner has rigged electricity meter to show only 10% of consumption. You'd think the power company would want to put it right, yes? But nothing is simple Turkey confirms seizure of Iranian arms shipment to 
Syria China The only way the Americans have come up with to improve economic growth has been to take on new loans to repay the old ones... maintaining economic growth and excessive consumption by means of debt financing, hence masses of economic bubbles, which eventually triggered the financial crisis Private Robot Armies And The Future Of War  
In a decade or so the world's armies, terrorists and hobbyists will own thousands if not millions of cheap drones, piloted by algorithms. Scary enough. But what if a botnet hijacks them? Traditional and cyber warfare converge Populist Polish politician found hanged in his party office in Warsaw Philippines Untouchable Soldiers Internetsavvy Chinese are using social networking to share their complaints about extravagant government spending. Even the statecontrolled media are starting to grumble.  Sudan blocks South's oil shipment  [T]here were two weeks when we had none of the paper towels we use for wiping gel off patients. We were using toilet paper and kitchen towels. That was six months ago. Austerity & Greece's crumbling health service. Hama, Syria 40 Premature babies DEAD in hospital chambers as electricity is shut off by the government Hacking whistleblower was ignored Killer shrimp are costing Britain billions of pounds to tackle  It's the worst alien invader of England & Wales' waterways  Deaths reported during Syria protests Activists say at least 12 people killed as thousands take to the streets on Muslim fasting month's first Friday. 200,000 evacuated as China braces for Typhoon Muifa Doctors Without Borders stops work in Bahrain after 
raid An entire Mexican police force resigns over attacks from cartels. Somalia's alShabab rebels leave Mogadishu New 5star hotel opens in blockaded, Hamasruled Gaza for the elite amid widespread poverty Turkey Dials Back Plan to Expand Censorship  Syrian tanks roll out in force  Residents flee tank assaults on Deir ezZor and Homs even as government promises free general elections by year's end. MP on News Corp execs It now seems to be everyone for themselves. The edifice is cracking. Theyre all fighting like rats in a sack.  Emergency G7 summit called as markets continue to fall  Telegraph At least 10 killed in Somali refugee camp firefight London riot intensifying  Phone hacking Rebekah Brooks of News Intl. may have resigned her position, but she remains on the company payroll. Riot breaks out and police cars set on fire in Tottenham after a father of four was shot dead by police. 
	US special forces killed in Afghanistan crash  Central & South Asia  Al Jazeera English
 31 U.S. troops, 7 Afghans killed in Taliban attack on NATO helicopter In a rare event, Taliban insurgents shoot down a Chinook helicopter with a rocketpropelled grenade near Kabul. It's the largest singleincident loss of military lives since the war's start. Italian bond market, the world's 3rd largest, is teetering on collapse  the European Central Bank votes whether or not to bail them out at noon EST today. Japanese people start hoarding last year's rice for fear that this year's crop may be radioactive London regroups after 'worst riots in years' Authorities call for calm in aftermath of riots that former police chief called a glimpse into the abyss. Top Gear lies about electric cars Fukushima City resorts to secret dumping to deal with piles of radioactive dirt Doubts emerge over fatal shooting of Mark Duggan, which sparked two days of rioting. According to police estimates, 300,000 protesters took to the streets across Israel in what constitutes the largestever protest in the countrys history. Torture efficiency, western style Under UK's secret torture policy, intelligence officers were instructed to weigh value of information sought against pain inflicted. In Afghanistan, the rise and fall of Little America On The Trail Of George Orwells Outcasts  


80 years ago Orwell published his famous work Down and Out in Paris and London. Could the same poverty and destitution he described still exist today? Retracing his steps reveals some awkward truths. Initial ballistics tests of bullet that hit police officer's radio in Mark Duggan killing show it was a police issue round Germany has requested that the U.N. Security Council meet on Monday to discuss the worsening violence in Syria, a spokesman for the German mission at the United Nations said. Cuba opening to private enterprise spurs service sector startups Angry crowds have attacked riot police in north London following a protest at the fatal shooting of a man by armed officers earlier in the week.  Syrian military defied growing condemnation and deployed dozens of tanks into the restive city of Deir alZour, killing at least 20 people, activists said.  
      Germany doubts larger fund can rescue Italy report

 Somalia famine Rebels leave Mogadishu  
Islamic extremist rebels withdraw from Somalia capital, food distribution to improve. Students Pressure Chile to Reform Education System through Kissing Protests and Hunger Strikes China's foreign minister has arrived in Sudan, the first highlevel visit by Khartoum's key ally since South Sudan became independent in July.  Arab League calls on Syria to halt violence as more than 60 die in latest Assad crackdown Activists say casualties escalating by the hour as security forces launch attack on the city of Homs; Arab League chief says Syria government must expedite steps toward reform. NHS among developed world's most efficient health systems, says study, the United States healthcare system was among the least efficient and effective. Shit's going down in Chile. Protesting students are demanding the government hold a national referendum on solving the countrys educational problems. Official Rebekah Brooks has NOT resigned from News International Before and after pictures from the Tottenham riots Iran cracks down on forbidden water pistol fights Authorities in southern Iran arrested 17 boys and girls who took part in a water pistol fight at a seaside park. They could face charges of publicly committing haram  a forbidden act  after they splashed water on each other EFF Spanish Court Rules That Linking to Potential Copyright Infringing Material Is Not Copyright Infringement A torture camp run by Zimbabwe's security forces is operating in the country's rich Marange diamond fields 
Saudi king demands end to Syrian crackdown 
 
Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon accelerated in June, with 300 sq km destroyed, a 17% increase over May The famine in Somalia has killed more than 29,000 children under the age of five London riots  BBC live coverage Rice Futures Trading Halted in Tokyo as Radiation Fears Cause a 40% Surge, Triggering Circuit Breakers North Korea turns to online game hacking to raise cash  
Crushed by antinuclear weapons sanctions the regime is hacking computer games to make money Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain have all recalled their ambassadors from Syria Remaining countries with AAA credit ratings. Australia leads a small group whose ability to pay isn't questioned Bayer threatens to quit Germany over nuclear shutdown German companies may relocate production to countries with lower energy costs Bayer threatens to leave Germany over high electricity costs German chemical giant Bayer has warned that it may be forced to leave the country because of a rise in energy prices. The firm is already looking at increasing its foothold in emerging economies such as China. Bahrain protests to Qatar over alJazeera film 
Dohabased news channel under fire over 
documentary showing how Facebook was used to 
target prodemocracy activists Five days of war. Looking back at the RussiaGeorgia conflict 3 years ago. Oil hits eightmonth low after S&P downgrades U.S. credit rating Australia's Antarctic claim 'at risk'  It holds the largest claim to Antarctica, but risks losing it in any race to unlock the frozen continent's potentially vast mineral & energy resources The Somali Army has captured Mogadishu War heroine Nancy Wake dies After Fukushima, Japan's 'authority myth' is crumbling. Beyond debt woes, a wider crisis of globalization? This is serious Reddit  London riots spreading.   Looting and violence in three London areas in broad daylight  more expected. Birmingham too. Speculations circle as to why the London riots have 
become so big, but the answer is quite obvious The Loud Awakening of Israel's Secular Middle Class  In the largest protests in the country's history, more than 300,000 people demanded economic reform and help from the government  There is a context to London's riots that can't be ignored David Cameron announces recall of parliament over riots. Prime minister also says number of police officers on streets of London will be increased by 10,000 to 16,000.  Tottenham's young people are rioting as they see no future Devastating pictures of before and after of the London riots. If you're in the city, stay safe.  UK Riots have spread to new areas of London and looting has erupted in the cities of Birmingham and Leeds, as Britain's worst clashes in decades extended into the third night. Libyan rebels retake Bir alGhanam, which puts them only 85 km from the capital Tripoli Anger in Japan Over Withheld Radiation Forecasts Google will fund Bletchley Park restoration project Bletchley Park is where Alan Turing, the father of Computer Science, and his team broke German ciphers and likely shortened World War II by 2 years A list of all the websites Rupert Murdoch owns, and  two browser addons to block them. Riots have broken out in Liverpool, UK. Last Australians troops depart Iraq  London riots police 'prepare to use plastic bullets' if violence continues.  Previously, British security forces using the nonlethal projectiles killed fourteen people, including nine children.  Video London riots Woman confronts rioters in Hackney  Telegraph Sales Of Aluminum Bats On Amazon.uk Are Up Over 5,000% As Riots Continue
 Britain's Home Minister says water cannon and the army will not be called in to handle riots Riots the underclass lashes out Interesting development in the UK IPCC determines that Mark Duggan actually didn't shoot at police before they killed him, the police really did overrespond perhaps Australias Aborigines forced off of their land by government  AlJazeera London Burning day 3 in pictures 
After Attack, Reclusive Amazon Tribe Feared Missing 'Special US commandos are deployed in about 75 countries around the world'...An almost industrialscale counterterrorism killing machine. ConocoPhillips Slow to Clean Up Oil Spill in China's Bohai Sea  
The US company has yet to stop the leak   The slicks, which have spread 1,200 sq km (460 sq miles) since the leak was discovered  June 4, are alarming environmentalists, fisherman & coastal communities  This why they're rioting. An interview with Darcus Howe, a West Indian Writer, that the BBC will never play again.  As looters and rioters smashed up shops, looted and fought with police in Camden Town, Philippa MorganWalker, 25 and her husband, Jonny Walker, 31, made tea for the police who were protecting their street. Some of the officers had been on duty for more than 30 hours.
 Facebook to Die on Novemeber 5th? Anonymous says The YouTube man who was mugged by rioters pretending to help him is Asyraf Haziq, a Malaysian student Al Jazeera English has quashed several planned rebroadcasts of Shouting in the Dark, an hourlong documentary about Bahrains crackdown on prodemocracy protesters that had its debut last week and brought complaints from Bahraini authorities. Drug dealers may have wiped out uncontacted Amazon tribe London Riots 'Bleeding, I Called 999. A Tired Man Told Me To Go Home'  Unlike Los Angeles or Paris, the riots are not happening in ghettos where nobody goes. They are happening amid the organic gastropubs and latte bars. The hardening of liberal opinion in London is palpable S. Korea opens fire after North artillery shelling Student Protests in Chile  scenes from the streets Women Rapists Terrorise Men Police in Zimbabwe are on the trail of a group of women who have been raping men, usually at gunpoint, since last year. After the fourth night of riots in England, observers are asking what is behind the wave of violence. German commentators argue that the unrest reflects a deepseated malaise at the heart of British society. London rioters point to poverty and government corruption. Everyone's heard about the police taking bribes, the members of parliament stealing thousands with their expenses. They set the example. It's time to loot BBC News  Koreas 'exchange fire' near Yeonpyeong island London riots Mosque worshippers ward off gangs as they ambush Whitechapel Road London rioters are not 'protesters', admits BBC Not just London. In Birmingham, 3 Men  thought to have been protecting their community die after being run over  'Cameron has lost legitimacy, should go,' Libya says (Gaddafi gets in on the trolling!) UK Riots 2011 Tariq Jahan (Murdered Son's dad) speaks. Heartbreaking. Iran Vows to Unplug Internet Iran will begin transitioning to a 'national Internet,' aimed at Muslims on an ethical and moral level, says Iran's  head of economic affairs. Eventually, it could replace the global Internet in Iran, as well as in other Muslim countries China's aircraft carrier leaves shipyard for first sea trial British rioters the spawn of a bankrupt ruling elite
 Shouldn't we Applaud the British government for not sending in the army in the English riots.  Isn't this what sets western democracy apart from places like Syria and Libya. Speigel  How Obama disappointed the World Syria expands offensive near Turkey border Tanks storm two northwestern border towns, local residents says, as international community steps up pressure on Assad. Water cannons now in effect for London riots Google admits handing over European user data to US intelligence agencies, most likely in violation of European Union data protection laws Oh dear... David Cameron wants to stop people using social networks if they are using it for ill and is asking the police if they need new powers to do this. If the UK government restricts social networking in answer to the riots, what separates it from the Arab tyrannies and China? Broadcasters defy Cameron's call to hand riots footage to police. BBC and ITN say police must follow proper procedure of obtaining court order to avoid compromise of editorial standards
 Is News Corp In Charge of Fox? Or Vice Versa? Even Rupert Murdoch is Afraid of Roger Ailes. You know Roger is crazy, Murdoch recently told a colleague, shaking his head in disbelief. He really believes that stuff. China releases 600 million bees to combat moths Finland joins the Ottawa Convention, banning the use 
of antipersonnel land mines. A Mexican terrorist organization sent an explosive device to a professor due to his research in nanotechnology. The group claims to be against the nanotechnology revolution in fear of a nanomachine take over that will mean the end of civilization The Gorbachev Files Secret Papers Reveal Truth Behind Soviet Collapse Migration of men from Armenia leaves whole villages almost entirely populated by women 
The British media is a gang of hypocrites, says China's staterun magazine Global Times in wake of riots.
 Cameron Denies Poverty as a Cause for Riots in London Britain considers mask ban; may use army if unrest continues UK tells Iran happy to talk human rights after riot criticism Riots Tiny Sikh news station coverage shames major TV channels Israel to build 1,600 more settler homes as a response to country's economic protests. 2,700 more homes will be approved shortly With budget cuts leading to the loss of facilities that kept many innercity youths occupied, experts predict a rise in crime (July 29) Hostage situation at the Estonian Ministry of Defence Secret network of racists exposed in Denmark, preparing for a showdown with immigrants and traitors. Many London rioters were from the middle and upper classes Anarchy and Austerity Why London Won't Be the Last City to Burn Israel approves guidelines for medical marijuana
 Norway's killer may have filmed his massacre London rioters a primary school worker, a postman, an 11yr old boy w/2 phones, millionaires daughter Why Are They Using Baseball Bats Instead of Cricket Bats in the U.K. Riots?
 If we don't want our young people to tear apart our communities then don't let people in power tear apart the values that hold our communities together.  A nice little take on the riots CoalBlack Alien Planet Is Darkest Ever Seen Going Godless  Nonbelievers are often more educated, more tolerant and know more about God than the pious. A new wave of research is trying to figure out what goes on in the minds of an evergrowing group of people known as the Nones. 'Fishermen in slavery' in NZ waters Indonesian seafarers are being beaten, raped and forced to eat rotten food in slumlike conditions aboard Koreanowned fishing boats, according to a New Zealand study.

 Police arrest 20 y.o. man for robbery of Malaysian student Pakistani soldier filmed shooting dead unarmed man in a Karachi park is sentenced to death  Sentencing begins for UK rioters student with no previous gets 6 months for stealing 3.50 of bottled water from Lidl. 4 months for using threatening language to a policeman. Law student denies involvement and is refused bail. Surprise in UK as many accused looters turn out to be middle class, employed  Japan considers canning whaling program Marx was right capitalism can selfdestruct. Economist Nouriel Roubini says the risk of a global recession is greater than 50%, and the next 2 to 3 months will reveal the economy's direction. Roubini also says he's putting his money in cash. This is not the time to be in risky assets, he says. Japan's nuclear agency hides radiation results Iran offers to send peacekeeper troops to UK Africa Rising  Africa Taking its self out of Poverty (A story I have waited years for)  It's a Pattern Oddly enough, English rioters not looting bookstores Dutch stamp collector goes missing in North Korea.  Winds up in newspaper praising elections. China pushes US oil giant, ConocoPhillips, to get to work cleaning up massive oil spill &, while they're at it, to issue a public apology for missing its deadline  Shell fighting oil leak off Scottish coast Having followed the debates on religion and freedom of expression at the United Nations over the last several years, I have become accustomed to passing on bad news. Now that there is some good news, almost no one has noticed. Ed Miliband Links Riots to Banking and Expenses Scandals. Drug Dealing, Counterfeiting, Smuggling How North Korea Makes Money David Cameron is widely ridiculed for suggesting social media blocks New leukemia treatment 'exceeds expectations'  
turns HIV variant into cancerkiller Japan ignored own radiation forecasts The Pakistani paramilitary soldier who shot an innocent and unarmed man on video and watched him bleed to death is sentenced to be executed. Vladimir Putin scuba dives in Black Sea  
Wearing a wetsuit and showing off his scuba diving skills Vladimir Putin collects ancient artefacts from the bottom of the Black Sea as he continues to portray an action man image to the Russian public.  To end her cus torture on a Chinese bile farm, mother bear kills the cub and then herself.  Reddit, PLEASE, what can we do to stop this horror??? EFF  British Prime Minister Does a 180 on Internet Censorship David Cameron is practically tripping over himself in his eagerness to sacrifice liberty for security...when people are using social media for violence we need to stop them. US censures report on drone casualties. Possibly up to 168 children have been killed in drone strikes in Pakistan UK So if we're turning off social media for 'safety', why aren't we shutting down television networks at the same time? Why aren't politicians demanding that news channels, with their greater reach and potential to panic the public, be turned off during exceptional circumstances David Cameron wants to evict rioters from their government subsidized homes Greek Government Proposes Drug Decriminalization Aggression during G20 rally perpetrated by police, judge rules (Canada) New Zealand Parliament may lose Internet access due to insane new copyright law Hardline Brazil judge gunned down Patricia Acioli, known for taking a hard line against criminals and corrupt police officers, was shot in her car near Rio de Janeiro Italy Agrees on $65 Billion in Austerity Measures. Measures also include a solidarity tax on high earners an additional 5 percent tax on incomes above $128,000 a year and 10 percent on incomes above $213,000 a year for the next two years.  Cop UTurns on top of hill, kills oncoming motorcyclist. Fined $250. Oil leak detected on North Sea platform Cameron backs eviction for London rioters Shaming of our spooks MI6 produced bogus Iraq war evidence under pressure from Downing Street London riots Wandsworth council moves to evict mother of charged boy British Leader Seeks Public Housing Evictions for Rioters and Their Families   Secret Papers Reveal Truth Behind Soviet Collapse  Newly published papers from end of Gorbachev presidency show last Soviet leader as harsh, confused, deluded in talks with Helmut Kohl and George Bush. On the Tiananmen massacre We must be realists 3,000 people, so what? A gay cabinet minister expecting a child with her girlfriend may be news in other countries  but not in Australia. Why UK Rioters Won't Be Protected by BlackBerry Messaging System Police may already be sifting through communications for incriminating messages The whites have become black  David Starkey's view that Black culture caused the London Riots. Nancy Wake  An obituary of Vera Wake, the white mouse. A double agent and surely one of the only women to fox the Gestapo so completely UK Councils are going ahead with evicting families of looters with the first of the cases before the courts today. Average UK student debts 'could hit 53,000' Hash in the Holy Land  In a move expected to increase medicinal marijuana use 6fold, the Israeli govt will oversee its distribution & use.  
It's triggered snarky rejoinders about a conspiracy to reduce 100s of 1,000s of demonstrators protesting the cost of living to hazy passivity.  UK Police using facial recognition technology to crack down on those responsible for the riots Julian Assange The looters and rioters who torched Britains neighbourhoods are doing Big Brother a favour by giving the government more latitude to destroy citizens rights and freedoms. Oil leak in North Sea confirmed by Shell China argues that Western liberalism is a facade, an easy prescription for other countries, but quickly dropped when push comes to shove Syrian gunboats pounded the Mediterranean coastal city of Latakia with heavy machinegun fire Sunday, killing at least 19 people in the latest wave of the regime's crackdown on antigovernment protests.  The Israeli government formally acknowledged the therapeutic utility of cannabis and announced newly amended guidelines governing the statesponsored production and distribution of medical cannabis to Israeli patients AFP Turkish PM to visit faminehit Somalia, cancels all Ramadan Banquets in favor of sending donations They Never Told Us These Things  
Much of the uranium for the Manhattan Project came from a mine in northwest Canada. The indigenous people who worked there had no idea what use the material would be put to, or how their own health would suffer News from Fukushima The equivalent of 29.6 times of the atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima, or in terms of uranium about 20 atomic bombs, were released by the accident, [...] David Camerons netcensorship proposal earns kudos from Chinese state media  Historian causes furor by blaming black culture for U.K. riots The whites have become black. Illegal logging from the rainforest to your dining room  Vietnams booming furniture trade feeds off precious Lao jungles, where logging is legally forbidden.  $60m is needed by Dec to Save Last Great Wilderness  Oil was found & Ecuador gave us a choice give us money & we'll not drill.  1/6 sqkm has 47 amphibian/reptile species, 550 bird, 200 mammal, more bats & insects anywhere, more tree species than all N. America, & 2,000 fish species  Israel protests spread to 18 cities More than 100,000 take to Israel's streets as protests show no sign of slowing down. My friend, walking in Damascus, was arrested for wearing white Boy Gets Robot Hand From Mercedes F1 Team. Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific has sacked a pilot and a stewardess after photographs of them engaged in oral sex in a cockpit appeared online Hundreds rally in Nepal for sexual rights Taiwan begins to deal with its amateur spies caught by China Mushrooms Join Growing List of Radioactive Threats to Japans Food Chain  Bloomberg Elephant and rhino poaching 'is driven by China's economic boom' The ivory trade has doubled in Guangzhou and Fuzhou. A stuffed rhino head was the subject of a bidding war between Chinese herbalists in an auction where it eventually fetched 35,000 Syria Hama hospitals 'closed after army attacks' Bashar AlAssad's warships shell their own city. England riots Police hit out at U.S. 'supercop' plan Maliki of Iraq Backs Syria's Assad, With Nudge From Iran  NYTimes.com Canadian Food Inspection Agency is warning the public not to eat certain dip products imported from the US because of possible contamination  2 Canadian companies warn not to eat certain veal that may be contaminated with E. coli & readytoeat meats sold at certain deli counters up to Aug. 10 

  Pakistan let China see stealth chopper from bin Laden raid Excellent war map of fighting in Libya Essex police charge man over water fight planned on BlackBerry Messenger 29yearold Tibetan monk dies in selfimmolation protest in southwest China. He was heard calling for the return of the Dalai Lama and freedom for the Tibetan people. North sea oil spill 'worst for a decade'  
The government has described the leak as 'substantial' & estimates that it could be several hundred tons 25 Ordinary Citizens Write Icelands New Constitution With Help From Social Media Israel approves 277 new homes in West Bank settlement The World Should be Watching Tahrir Square Russia's Arctic 'sea gra  Russia is expected within months to claim to the United Nations its right to annex about 380,000 square miles of the Arctic. At least 34 people have been killed in a twin bombing in the southeastern Iraqi city of Kut, Iraqi officials say. Second Tibetan Monk Immolates Himself  NYTimes.com Syria unrest 'They are shooting anything that moves' South Korea's president is calling for peace and cooperation with North Korea as the rivals try to set aside decades of animosity and pursue dialogue. 
 Rebels have taken the key town of Zawiya, and appear to have Tripoli surrounded on three sides. How much longer can Gaddafi hold out? Hello World Israel is OutClassing You in Civil Disobedience BlackBerry Ban lifted in Saudi Arabia.... after 20year old brit was arrested for a water fight A Politically Dangerous Proposal  Europe Pressures Merkel to Accept Euro Bonds Radiation contamination leaves Fukushima schools 
unable to drain pool water Iraq foots the bill for its own destruction Govt says North Sea oil leak biggest in decade German boy told to clean up calls cops over 'forced labour' Pittsburgh Father and Son Return to Libya to Fight Against Gadhafi.  Die Clutching Each Other in Their First Battle.  Listen China orders petrochemical plant shutdown after protests BBC News  Syria unrest Palestinian refugees flee camp, says UN German Farright party stirs uproar with 'step on gas' election ad...  Indian police arrest 73 year old anticorruption activist sparking peaceful demonstrations throughout the country Devastating Evidence Puts Murdochs Back in the Crosshairs  Global  The Atlantic Wire Second oil leak has sprung in the North Sea  Shell says 1st one under control London Riots  Mother of 13yearold who smashed up shop blames government. India antigraft activist Anna Hazare detained 
 Reporter Implicates Murdoch Execs and Cameron Aide in News of the World Hacking Scandal; Alleges CoverUp. Breivik called the police 28 minutes before he was taken and asked to be transferred to Delta force to surrender. He received a response he didn't understand and asked that the call be transferred to Delta. No one called back, and he coninued shooting. Israel arrests AlJazeera reporter  Israeli military prosecutors have accused a senior Palestinian journalist with the Arabic language AlJazeera satellite network of being a member of Hamas, an accusation that he denies his lawyer said Tuesday. Libya rebels cut all fuel pipelines to Tripoli  Libya's leader Muammar Qaddafi appears to be running out of options as rebels close in on Tripoli, but an end to his regime could still be a long way off. Phone hacking 'orchestrated coverup' of hacking at News of the World
 Phone hacking News of the World reporter's letter reveals coverup 10,000 Palestinians flee under fire during last three days, no information on their whereabouts UK riots IDS considers ending looters benefits  Clive Goodman's letter to News International | Media | guardian.co.uk  Scud missile fired by Gaddaffi's forces Anna Hazare detained ahead of mass fast 
 U.S. diplomat enrages members of Indian ethnic group after calling them 'dark' and 'dirty' in speech

 Egypt considers audacious plan to build a fixed link between North Africa and Saudi Arabia  Two Facebook users who urged people to join in a riot (that did not happen) via the online service, are jailed for four years. Turkey Warns Syria to Stop Crackdown Gadhafi fires first scud missile Germans recoil as Europe seeks more handouts amid debt crisis German Chancellor Angela Merkel meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy today to coordinate a strategy for coping with Europe's expanding debt crisis. PET bottles become radiation detectors in Japan Jamaica Observer Food security threat  We have no food reserves. Syria brings in Iranian snipers to quell protests Argentina Judge orders all ISPs to block the sites LeakyMails.com and Leakymails.blogspot.com  which publish relevant documents exposing corruption of the political class and the powerful in Argentina The Dutch government has released 100 million euros in frozen assets from Moammar Gadhafi's regime to the World Health Organization. The funds will buy medical supplies for victims of the ongoing conflict in Libya. 'They Were Truly Idiots'  Mikhail Gorbachev, 80, discusses the last days of the Soviet Union, his failure to resolve problems with the Communist Party and the ensuing bloodshed he says still troubles him today. He also accuses Vladimir Putin of pulling the country back into the past. Catholic student arrested in Madrid (Spain) while planning sarin gas attack against a secular demonstration during World Youth Day England Four years' jail for inciting disorder on Facebook Photo of bagcarrying ambassador charms China  we don't do things for ourselves Legalising drugs a solution to the violence in Mexico? Syria is having embassy staffers photograph and track antiregime protesters abroad, send the info back to Syria, and then torturing protesters' families still living within the country [article also in comments] Dag Hammarskjld evidence suggests UN chief's plane was shot down Hamas rulers ban students with scholarships to study in the US from leaving Gaza Phone hacking James Murdoch admitted that News International paid hush money to a phone hacking victim, despite telling MPs that they didn't try to buy his silence
 Archbishop Desmond Tutu calls for Wealth Tax to be imposed on white South Africans. For Two Nights in a Row, Luxury Cars in Berlin Are Lit on Fire Nearly five years since the Mexico's president Calderon declared war on drug cartels, there has been no drop in violence or trafficking Britain Will Force Convicted Rioters to Clean Up The explosive truth behind Fukushima's meltdown. Japan insists its nuclear crisis was caused by an unforeseeable combination of tsunami and earthquake. But new evidence suggests its reactors were doomed to fail. Spanish police prevent terrorist attack fundamentalist arrested for plotting chemical attack against those protesting the cost of the Pope's visit. Russia showed off its next generation stealth fighter for the first time at a highlypublicized air show today [16 August 2011], as the best and most expensive stealth fighter jets America has to offer sit idle on the tarmac. The riots in Britain were political  and they are part of a wider global anger at governments that commit daylight robbery The Catholic archdiocese of Dublin is close to a state of financial collapse, according to leaks Israel protests have wide support Benjamin Netanyahu could be in trouble. Poaching Threatens Swedish Wolves  Extinct by the 1970s, the population has since reestablished itself after a few migratory Finnish wolves appeared.  Today, all 250 Swedish wolves have descended from these few founding individuals.
 UK Teenager given 120 hours' community service, a 12month youth rehabilitation order and a 3 month 6am  7pm curfew for supporting the riots. As New Zealand braces itself for a 3 strikesstyle scheme law, TelstraClear CEO Allan Freeth says  punishing consumers isnt the answer and that business models requiring new legislation in order to function are flawed and need to be changed Reporters Without Borders condemn decision by Egypt's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to prosecute a blogger, Asmaa Mahfouz, over several messages criticizing the council that she posted on Facebook and Twitter Need a warrant to unmask Internet users? Not if Canada gets its way Multiple terror attacks hit southern Israel Mexico Doesn't Need Monsanto's Wonder Seeds, Either Chile's Students Strike for Free & Public Education  
Chilean students are no longer willing to accept mountains of debt to gain an education, & they've taken over university campuses demanding accessible education for all of the country's students US President calls for Assad to step down in Syria Leaders of more than 40 Muslim countries have agreed on a major aid program for Somalia at an emergency conference. Turkey, which organized the meeting, is taking on an increasingly active role in Africa. Canada pushing the limits of state surveillance lawful access legislation will compel ISPs to disclose customer info to authorities without a court order, i.e. law enforcement agencies will have a freer hand in spying on the private lives of Canadians Honest Japanese return $78 million in cash found in earthquake rubble.  Peru suspends USfunded coca eradication programme Prime minister announces antidrugs scheme will be halted while the government reevaluates its strategy Foreign students stage walkout at Hershey's chocolates protesting their unpaid labor during cultural exchange program Hundreds of thousands of people have been demonstrating for social justice in Israel. The protests are uniting a divided nation, and have brought Jews and Israeli Arabs together. Could the movement also help bring about a reconciliation with the Palestinians? Hugo Chavez to nationalize Venezuelan gold industry Assisted Suicide in the U.K. could be 'revolutionised' as groundbreaking legal case gets underway. For sale in Sweden Threebed house, includes skeleton Brawl breaks out during Vice Prez Biden's speech in China Chinese officials vs. reporters Otters return to every county in England Russia's Cruellest Month It's no wonder that Wikipedia has an entry for Russia's August Curse. Fighting China's Golden Shield Cisco sued by Chinese political prisoners for allegedly providing the technology and expertise used by the Chinese Communist Party to monitor, censor and suppress the Chinese people Pakistani military wants veto on drone strikes, says too many civilians have been killed
 Turkish warplanes bomb Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq On World Youth Day visit, pope urges Spain to preserve Christian roots The pope arrived in the Spanish capital Thursday, after thousands turned out in Madrid to protest the taxpayer funded visit, which is estimated to cost taxpayers millions of euros. Panama Expands Canal to Increase Shipping Capacity   Libya The Ghadaffi regime now wants a ceasefire and a peaceful solution, as cities surrounding Tripoli continue to fall and rebels vow to enter the city by the end of the month  Turkish planes attack PKK bases in northern Iraq I do not agree with what you wear, but I'll defend to 
the death your right to wear it. Japanese police say people have returned $78 million in missing cash after quake.  The fact that a hefty 2.3 billion yen in cash has been returned to its owners shows the high level of ethical awareness in the Japanese people, Spanish Police Brutality they hit a girl in her face, then they hit the photographer who watched it [video] Tent Collapsed By Storm. Six Die At Pukkelpop Festival in Belgium Julia Tymosjenko suddenly falls victim to mysterious disease, just like the last head of the political opposition in Ukraine For the first time, a spacecraft far from Earth has turned and watched a solar storm engulf our planet . . . 'The movie sent chills down my spine,' says Craig DeForest of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado. Study shows powerful corporations really do control the world's finances Civilians 'shot dead' at Syria protests At least 22 people reportedly killed after UN claims government may be guilty of crimes against humanity. Reindeer herder finds remains of baby mammoth in Russia's Arctic Over 50 killed as suicide bomber explodes in Pakistan mosque FOUR Stages Collapse at Pukkelpop Festival in Belgium  6.4 and 6.2  Earthquakes hit Japan Israel plane kills three Egyptian police near border Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez announced plans to nationalize the country's gold mining industry and withdraw $11B in gold reserves from U.S. and European banks.
 Vietnam's prime minister has put the country on alert as an outbreak of hand, foot & mouth disease continues to surge, killing 81 children & sickening over 32,000 people nationwide so far this year Chile officially recognized 9,800 more Pinochet victims, increasing the total number of people killed, tortured or imprisoned for political reasons to 40,018 OPEC states that Venezuela has worlds largest oil reserves England rioters young, poor and unemployed Syrian forces kill 20 despite Assad pledge Egypt protests to Israel over police deaths following Sinai retaliation  Egypt filed an official complaint with Israel following yesterday's deaths at the border between Israel and Egypt.
  Russia, once almost a democracy Today, Vladimir Putin presides over an authoritarian government in the Russian White House, a bulky 20story skyscraper on the edge of the Moscow River. Occasional demonstrations in favor of democracy are small and largely ignored, except by the police.  Egyptians Defend Viral Video Activist Charged in Military Court  
Asmaa Mahfouz is facing prosecution for speaking out again. Presidential candidates, NGOs, & ordinary Egyptians are rallying to her defense& decrying the use of military trials for civilians. Magnitude 6.8 quake jolts Japan off Fukushima, tsunami advisory
| Reuters

 New schools in Pakistan are attempting to deradicalize captured Taliban members. Zimbabwe Farm Invasions Continue Across Country  The remaining white commercial farmers across the country are facing intensified threats by mobs of land invaders, as the lawless invasions of farms continue. Prison or Rape?  Monsanto sued by Indian government for releasing GMO eggplant without authorization from traditional varieties. Le Monde article and India News Argentina censors more than 1,000,000 blogs hosted on Blogger because they are all on the same IP address as two blogs ordered blocked by a judge Iran sentences American hikers to 8 years in prison for illegal entry and espionage 'Gadhafi is finished' Rebels advance in Libya Corruption in India You pay for a birth certificate, a death certificate, said a 30yearold software engineer and one of thousands who marched in Delhi to support Hazare. All your life you pay. And for what? For things that should be free. Two Chechen teens responsible for saving 23 at Utoya, and hitting A B Breivik with rocks before being fired upon. Wirklich? Germany declares Facebook Like button illegal Shell finally stops North Sea leak after 10 days  
Scottish government launches investigation into safety procedures  Qaddafi and Two Sons Rumored To Have Fled Libya British police issue warning on Twitter to anyone considering supporting internet attacks against companies and governments 5 southern African countries have agreed to create a giant conservation zone in the Okavango & Zambezi river basins that stretches over an area 1/2 the size of France For far too long, the Germans have allowed the Europe debate to be led by a small number of experts, meaning they bear partial responsibility for the current chaos. But there is still a way to achieve a better Europe and get ordinary people to care about the EU  through direct elections. German privacy watchdog declares Facebook's like button illegal Bodies found in Mexico might be kidnapped marines Rebels claim to take 'revolution' inside Tripoli, clashes reported The cost of revolution  Facts and figures of the Arab Spring Fukushima Radiation reports overshadow progress at plant  45 percent of children living up to 30 miles from the Fukushima plant tested positive for radiation exposure. Libyan Rebels Say They Control Zlitan  10 Most Corrupt Indian Politicians High food prices driving unrest The waves of social unrest and political instability seen recently around the world have coincided with large peaks in global food prices Environmental activism in China Poison protests draw 12,000 Burning Cars In Berlin Again  
35 cars were torched in Berlin this week. It's hard to say why. But something is going on in Germany. There is a crisis of identity.  Rocket salvo hits south of Israel Doorstep rubbish collections have been scrapped in Britain for the first time since they were introduced more than 130 years ago.   Telegraph Europe's Turn to the Right What is the link between the Norway killers actions and the ideas he espoused?  Monsanto and the mortal danger to traditional agriculture Contrary to their mendacious propagandized promises of solving the problem of world hunger...biotech companies are instead in the process of destroying the world's ecosystems, and thus the natural food chains and life cycles Egypt called on Israel Saturday to immediately halt punitive strikes on the Gaza Strip  Egypt denounces the use of force against civilians in any circumstance and strongly advises Israel to immediately stop its military operations against Gaza  With the elections for the Berlin state parliament just four weeks away, the German Pirate Party is on course to an impressive election win Gadhafis son, Saif alIslam captured as rebels enter Tripoli Rhinos threatened with extinction to meet demand for bogus cancer cure  
Poaching in South African nature reserves has reached epidemic levels, driven by soaring demand for their horns Slovakian Minister to propose voluntary sterilization of Roma women. 'Multiple blasts and gunfire' in Tripoli Crank who targeted science writers lured into threatening police Montreal police arrested a suspect who has been targeting the atheist and skeptic communities with online threats and harassment for years Protests all over India against corruption Russia stands by Assad. Meet the Irish teen who tracks and kills Gaddafi snipers
 England's riots shouldn't be blamed on 'moral decline', says Tony Blair  Former prime minister gives verdict on unrest and says that politicians are 'missing the point' talking about a broken society Coco Chanel Nazi agent?  New book alleges fashion designer worked for German military intelligence in France during WWII. Chanel was a consummate opportunist. The Nazis were in power, and Chanel gravitated to power. It was the story of her life Sexual assault charges against Dominique StraussKahn to be dropped on Tuesday, prosecutors say Thousands of Sunflowers Planted in Fukushima to Combat Radiation in Full Bloom (PHOTOS) Libyan Rebels Pass Defense Ring Near Tripoli  NYTimes.com Syrias uprising Bashar goes ballistic Syria raises tension with Turkey in new border move President Bashar alAssad increases military patrols along frontier to dissuade Turkey from intervening in domestic unrest 20110820 Statement by Julian Assange on the reported destruction of WikiLeaks source material by Daniel DomscheitBerg Indian inquiry confirms graves in Kashmir hold more than 2,000 unidentified bodies A Battle Is Under Way For The Forests Of Borneo  NPR In Arid South African Lands, Fracking Controversy Emerges The contentious practice of hydrofracking to extract underground natural gas has now made its way to South Africas Karoo. But opposition is growing amid concern that fracking will deplete and pollute the areas scarce water supplies Canada mulls warrantless internet infogathering powers for police Climate change driving species out of habitats much faster than expected. Animals and plants have adapted to warming by moving regions up to three times faster than previously thought, report shows
 Egyptian Flagman Climbs Flagpole of Israeli Embassy in Egypt and Pulls the Flag Down  Thousands of Egyptians Protesting Recent Violence Cheer Him On  Canadian Opposition Leader Jack Layton Dies. Saif Al Islam Captured. Green Square Liberated. Libya is almost free! Why Iceland Should Be in the News, But Is Not Wiki war 3500 unpublished leaks destroyed forever as Assange hits out Professor Juan Cole Top Ten Myths about the Libya War Poland Sold Arms to Libyan Rebels Rhinos threatened with extinction to meet demand for bogus cancer cure 'Once a rhino's horn has been hacked off, they leave the animal to bleed to death. The price of rhino horn is 35,000 per kg, making it more expensive than gold.' NATO is bombing Gaddafi compound in Tripoli Canadian opposition leader Jack Layton dies at 61 Gaddafi's son captured live on television From Hiroshima to Fukushima Japan to Declare Wide Area 'Uninhabitable' Due to Radiation Syrian prodemocracy protesters emboldened by Libyan rebels' success Gadhafi says he'll stay in Tripoli 'until the end' The United States, the European Union (EU) and Arab nations want to set up an international inquiry into atrocities by Syrian government forces. Japanese government expected this week to declare a large zone around the Fukushima plant uninhabitable, perhaps for decades Amid violent crackdown, Syria's protesters get creative Evolving tactics, like flash mobs and night rallies, keep Syria's uprising nonviolent in the face of a brutal crackdown. In Ireland, Ghosts of Towns That Never Were  
 
With photos of ghost estates, where homes are unfinished or empty  & haunting Deadly Tornado in Ontario 112 year old exArmy man joins anticorruption protests in India Coulson got hundreds of thousands of pounds from News Int  Human trafficking outpaces drug trafficking Libyan Rebels pull back from heavy fighting. Japan 6,000 people hold a protest against Fuji TV, upset that they are airing too many Korean Dramas Rebels Control 90 Percent of Tripoli, Amidst Fighting Peter Ackroyd 'Rioting has been a London tradition for centuries'  Three years after the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, the financial industry has become a threat to the global economy again. Governments missed the chance to regulate the industry, and another crash is just a matter of time. Nato drops leaflets on Tripoli (pics of the designs) Muammar Gaddafi's son Saif alIslam NOT captured, as previously reported Scientists say farming needs to become 'holistic'  Radically overhauling farming could both boost food production and protect the environment, scientists say. Paying for environmental services is one step that could also help people and the planet at the same time. The company that does the disabilities assessments for the UK government (the ones with the 40%  70% error rate in favour of no, you're fine) is attempting to shut down websites critical of them via legal threats.  Inspired by Libya, Chinese Netizens Want China's Communist Regime Also Overthrown Germany lost a giant today Loriot, our funniest and most humane humorist of the last decades. He was loved by everyone and no one could make fun of the german character like him. Libyan rebel interviewed by SkyNews wearing Gaddafi's hat Andy Coulsen, disgraced former press adviser to 
David Cameron, was being paid by News 
International while working for the Conservative 
Party. Australia Passes CO2 Offset Laws, Carbon Pricing Next  
Parliament endorsed world's 1st national scheme that regulates the creation & trade of carbon credits from farming & forestry, to complement govt plans to put a price on carbon emissions from mid2012 Cisco and Abuses of Human Rights in China  Are companies that build and market equipment for the purpose of surveilling and censoring prodemocracy activists in authoritarian regimes culpable when those activists are imprisoned or tortured? IsraelGaza Ceasefire Lasts an Entire Day  At least one Palestinian is killed and others are injured after a rocket fired from an Israeli drone hit a civilian vehicle in west Rafah, in south Gaza Strip, medical sources said An Indian effort to pioneer a nonsurgical, reversible vasectomy has run into an unexpected hurdle no volunteers How to get $12 billion of gold to Venezuela Libyan rebels asks leader of UKs Libyan Jews to run for office in Libya that should include women and Jews Gaddafi's son Saif alIslam NOT in rebel custody after all. North Korean leader arrives by armoured train on first visit to Russia in nine years. Dominique StraussKahn **prosecutors** ask judge to dismiss sex charges Both the Philippines and Vietnam shop for warships in territory dispute with China.
 The fighting is not yet over in Tripoli, but the scramble to secure access to Libyas oil wealth has already begun. Nearly 100 PKK members killed in Turkish air raids in north Iraq 
      Ferry runs aground after captain stuck in toilet
| Reuters

 Japan's Premier Naoto Kan Stepping Down Proof that the Chinese government launching online attacks E.U. Elites Keep Power From the People Brazilian Wind Power Now Cheaper Than Natural Gas To save 2.4bn a year, Spain's socialist government has passed a law forcing doctors and pharmacies to prescribe generic drugs rather than the more expensive brand names sold by pharmaceutical companies A new era in U.S. foreign policy The Libya intervention is so significant precisely because it did not follow the traditional pattern of U.S.led interventions... Fareed Zakaria UN 13yearold Palestinian boy killed by Israeli fire last weekend, was actually killed by a Palestinian rocket that misfired. Overpopulation isn't causing the famine in the Horn of Africa.  It's the political economy. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Tuesday he will only recognize a Libyan government led by his friend and ally Muammar Gaddafi and accused the United States of inciting the country's civil war. 349 Cable Leaks from Libya were released Facebook 'Likeutton declared illegal in German state Data protection comm's office ordered website owners to immediately stop the passing on of user data to Facebook in the USA by deactivating the respective services and threatened to take legal action if they fail to comply Five years after journalist Anna Politkovskaya was murdered in Moscow, Russian police now believe the contract killing may have been organized by one of their own. A retired officer was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of being involved in the murder. Clooneys satellite project shows new evidence of mass burials in Sudan Palestinian elections postponed again.  This time indefinitely. Captive journalists walk free from Tripoli hotel Japan Fukushima robot operator publishes tellall diaries and videos, now offline Brazil's plans to extract an unprecedented 30 billion barrels of oil from reserves locked in deepwater subsalt fields 60 miles off the coast & up to 5 miles underwater.  It's spending $226 billion to reach it  $127 billion will be spent on exploration & production alone. Japan gets downgraded amid great challenges  Japan's credit rating has been downgraded days before the nation was due to see its sixth new leader in five years, with Prime Minister Naoto Kan set to resign over his handling of the March 11 disasters. North Korea 'ready to impose nuclear moratorium', declares Kim Jongil Gaddafi vows no surrender after rebels overrun Tripoli compound Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi vowed martyrdom or victory in an audio message delivered from hiding. The UN and Red Cross confirm being attacked by the Israeli military during the 2008 war on Gaza Russia Cargo rocket crashes in Siberia  Moody's cuts Japan's debt rating on deficit concerns Rating agency Moody's has cut Japan's longterm sovereign debt rating, citing concerns about the size of the country's deficit and borrowing levels. Turkey prepares for ground assault on Kurdish rebels in Iraq  Turkish forces have begun massing on the Iraqi border ahead of an expected attack on Kurdish rebels in the neighboring country's mountainous northern region. The attack would follow days of airstrikes on the area. A Defiant Qaddafi Speaks to a Tripoli Radio Station  Qaddafi says residents must cleanse Tripoli of rebels CIA is helping New York Police to spy on Muslim communities in th US The One Billion Dollar Question Who Are the Libyan Rebels? Zimbabwean farmers grow Nigeria's green revolution In the ruins of Gadhafi's lair, rebels find album filled with photos of his 'darling' Condoleezza Rice Syrian Army shooting live rounds at civilian homes proving a blatant disregard for civilians. Some 12 million people around the world do not have citizenship of any country, and are being denied basic human rights as a result, the UN has warned. Strong 6.8 magnitude earthquake shakes central Peru Colombia Supreme Court decriminalizes drugs for personal use 300,000 antidengue mosquitoes released in Australia in effort to block spread of the disease Syrian cartoonist's hands broken as 'warning'  2,730 Bodies Found in Unmarked Graves in Jammu and Kashmir British SAS leads hunt for Gaddafi. Paypal founder now looking to create startup countries  Libyan rebels say Muammar Gaddafi surrounded  he man who led Libya for four decades was hiding in the buildings with some of his sons. Syrian forces beat up political cartoonist Ali Ferzat Gaddafi's Fleeing Mercenaries Describe the Collapse of the Regime China proposes banning torture testimony; new law will not explicitly forbid physical maltreatment A fresh abuse scandal shocked Austrians on Thursday when police revealed that a father in a small village had allegedly held his daughters prisoner for more than 40 years, sexually abusing them repeatedly. The case came to light only by chance, and the alleged perpetrator has been arrested. Northwest Africas minority Springtime for them too?  The Berbers join the Arab revolt Google to pay $500m over Canadian drug adverts Arctic sea routes open as ice melts Two major Arctic shipping routes have opened as summer sea ice melts, European satellites have found. Mexican terrorists target nanotech researchers with package bombs Tripoli Fighting Rebels 'Corner Gaddafi' in apartments Visa and MasterCard credit cards are no longer valid 
in Syria under new U.S. sanctions (AP) Indian lawmakers agreed to discuss stringent anticorruption law proposed by reform activist, Anna Hazare, whose eightday fast demanding the legislation has drawn burgeoning support and tested the scandaltainted gov't Ukraine turns nuclear missile base into a museum  CNN Rebels believe they have surrounded Gadhafi near compound China says Google has not sought approval on Motorola bid  Most important of all, the United States should support the Palestiniansid for recognition as a state at the United Nations. Israel has demanded for decades that the Palestinians drop violence and turn to diplomacy to achieve their goals. That is what going to the United Nations is. Diplomacy. Grenade attack at Casino Royale in Monterrey, Mexico. 8 confirmed dead, 12 injured and over 40 trapped.  How Israel takes its revenge on boys who throw 
stones Saudi beheading accomplishmentsThe beheading of Ruyati  executed in June for her killing of an allegedly abusive Saudi employer  stirred such revulsion Explosion hits UN building in Abuja, Nigeria Libyan activist freed from prison after 14 years of virtual isolation. He had no idea of the uprising occurring in his country and thought that the rattling of gunfire and thuds of explosions this past week were Gods trumpets heralding the moment of his death. A suspected meteorite has been caught on film soaring across the sky over the Peruvian city of Cusco (Video) Evidence suggests Gadaffi's daughter did not die in 1986 bombing as claimed Mexican gunmen set casino on fire, killing 32 and injuring dozens more Dangerous cybercrime treaty pushes surveillance and secrecy worldwide Canada and Australia are using the controversial Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime treaty to introduce new invasive online surveillance laws, many of which go beyond the Convention's intended levels of intrusiveness WikiLeaks US diplomat posed as Korean tourist in undercover visit to China tiger farm The Lap of Luxembourgery  In the dark heart of Europe lies a nation rotten to the core. A secret banking haven. Where democracy is a joke. We're talking Luxembourg. World's highest per capita GDP. Just as well. Also highest debt $3.76m per capita The Kingdom of Magical Thinking  Widely assumed to be a fabulously wealthy welfare state, Saudi Arabia is in fact an economic basket case waiting to happen.  Blast Hits U.N. Building in Nigeria  China and Russia boycott sanctions against Syria Pakistani slain governor Salman Taseer's son abducted The son of assassinated Punjab governor Salman Taseer, who was killed in January for opposing the blasphemy law, has been abducted, Pakistan police say. Dangerous Cybercrime Treaty Pushes Surveillance & Secrecy Worldwide The Crimes of Col. Qaddafi  By Christopher Hitchens Gaddafi feared full US invasion.. attempted to enlist a Leftwing US congressman to travel to Libya as part of a stop the war lobbying campaign Teen shot in Chile antiPinera protest dies. Local radio said witnesses blamed police for firing the shots. Bolivian Mennonites jailed for serial rapes European farmers buying knockoff pesticides containing solvent the EU banned because it's a huge problem for pregnant women Kim Jongil Tactical genius  To survive as a fierce little dinosaur in a world of mammals entails not only sharp venomous fangs to snarl at everyone, but also animal cunning. Keep 'em scared, and then outwit them.  As Venezuelas crime rate soars, devotion to a very particular group of saints known as the Santos Malandros (Thug Saints) is becoming widespread.  32 dead in attack on casino in northern Mexico In Saudi Arabia only the boldest dare to speak out, Khaled alJohani was one of them. He's not been seen since.  Look at the shock on the BBC reporters face. Hear him speak. The bravest man in Saudi Underground river 'Rio Hamza' discovered 4km 
beneath the Amazon  up to 6000km long, it flows 
at just 1 mm/hr Brazil considers  broad new cybercrime bill, that, among other things, will criminalize both file sharing and ripping a CD to a computer Kim Jongil tells China he is ready for denuclearization talks Pregnant in Putin's Russia  Russia is in a demographic crisis, shedding 2.2 million people (or 1.6 percent of the population) since 2002 At least 25 police and soldiers have been killed after hundreds of Taliban crossed the border from Afghanistan into Pakistan  Why Are Finland's Schools Successful? Mosquitoes 'disappearing' in some parts of Africa U.S. official AlQaeda's No. 2 leader killed in Pakistan Libya Hundreds of bodies found decomposing at Tripoli hospital Gaddafi escapes to Algeria?  Convoy crosses Libyan border to neighboring Algeria; rebels estimate Gaddafi was among passengers, Egyptian news agency says Austrian women held captive in basement  again. For the third time in recent years, an Austrian man is accused of raping women and holding them captive in his basement. This time, they are his mentally disabled daughters. Rebels settle scores in Libyan capital  Indian parliament affirms antigraft proposal Germany did not give its approval to the international military mission in Libya, to the irritation of its NATO allies. Now, after the rebel victory in Tripoli, Berlin is looking for a role in rebuilding the country. Iran warns of regional crisis if Syria falls (AP) China is Outfitting Its Subs With Controversial FirstStrike Nuclear Warheads Doors open on terrible secrets of a crumbling police 
state in Tripoli  The Globe and Mail Syrian forces 'in mosque attack' China announces support for Palestinian UN statehood bid The makers of Nurofen Plus have recalled all remaining stock, saying sabotage is suspected in some packets.after three packs were found to contain an antipsychotic drug. There's no humanitarian crisis, but U.N. mission to Syria finds that civilians are subject to excessive force Morning protests erupt in Syrian capital Live fire reportedly used as security forces surround a mosque in the Kafarsouseh district in western Damascus. A UN investigative team has wrapped up its visit to Syria, concluding that there is an urgent need to protect civilians from excessive force. Syrian Weapons Sites Worry U.S., Israel  Intelligence Services Allege Significant Stockpiles of Gases, Missiles at Military Bases Could Be Targets Amid Unrest
 Sweden's Moderate Party has announced that it will not stand in the next church elections which take place in 2013, signalling an intention to cut political ties with the Church of Sweden. Human slaughterhouse discovered in Tripoli  Telegraph UK doctors prepare to challenge the Govt's decision not to order an inquest into the death of weapons expert Dr David Kelly; accuse Govt of being complicit in a determined and concerted coverup Libya Torture was rife in Gaddafis prisons but to execute detainees days before they would have been freed is a sickening low in the governments behavior 53 bodies discovered in southern Tripoli, apparently 
executed by retreating Gaddafi forces. Indias Parliament Gives In to Protests on Corruption Bill Egypts Muslim Brotherhood declares war on the bikini Eight killed, six missing as typhoon ravages Manila Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi is ready to begin talks to transfer power, according to his spokesman Malta strips Gaddafi of his honours In Iran an alleged Israeli assassin has been sentenced to death for killing nuclear scientist. Libya rebels fear for Gaddafi prisoners.  Up to 50,000 prisoners are unaccounted for. Norwegian police arrest man with weapons and explosives cache I.M.F. Chief Chastises Policymakers  Trichet Income inequality is ultimately a threat to society. Libyan capital Tripoli faces water, power crisis Living conditions in Tripoli are becoming increasingly desperate, with most of Libya's capital without water, electricity or proper sanitation. AlQaida's No. 2 (Atiyah Abd alRahman) killed in Pakistan Areas near Japan nuclear plant may be off limits for 
decades Ken Loach 'the ruling class are cracking the whip'.
The leftwing film director talks about the riots, his early work on television Arab League recognises Libyan NTC The regional bloc readmits Libya's membership, turning over the country's seat to the rebels' political leadership. Anna Hazare India campaigner ends hunger strike UK Home Secretary Theresa May banned all marches in Tower Hamlets, east London, and four neighbouring boroughs for a 30day period Spain follows Germany, France and writes debt ceiling in constitution  Spain is to amend the constitution to enshrine a public debt ceiling in the constitution, following similar measures in Germany and France. The government also set out labor reforms to combat high unemployment. Libya Rebels Say Qaddafi Uses Human Shields to Defend Sirte
 Hiroshima, Mon Ami History's Most Awkward Handshake In boozesoaked Spain, the party may soon be over Luxury, horror lurk in Gadhafi family compound Disney's bestselling Cars toys are being made in a factory in China that uses child labour and forces staff to do three times the amount of overtime allowed by law Chinese artist Ai Weiwei remained largely silent after 81 days of imprisonment and a government order to not speak out after his release. He has just written a scathing critique calling Beijing a constant nightmare A story missing from our media Iceland's ongoing revolution African Union says Libyan rebels may be indiscriminately killing black people Germany and Greece plan biggest solar panel array 
ever 10GW of generating capacity The Baltic miracle continues The economies of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania surge ahead 20 years after their independence from the Soviet Union. AlJazeera Network demands Israeli authorities immediately release Samer Allawi, AlJazeeras Afghanistan Bureau Chief. Mr Allawi was arrested by Israeli official without reason while on vacation with his family in the occupied West Bank. US misused our intel to justify Iraq War, says German exspy chief Gaddafi's wife and three children in Algeria Catholic clergy 'abused children for decades in County Donegal'. Report is expected to claim police were complicit in coverup of sexual abuse by priests and lay members of the church. Thai censorship critic strikes back at snitch Web host China's biggest relocation project yet  Plans to move 3 million people and reroute the Yangtze River are underway.
 Tax us more, say wealthy Europeans One of Taiwan's best regarded hospitals mistakenly transplanted HIVinfected organs into five patients after a hospital staffer misheard the donor's test results by telephone.



 Scared Mexicans try undertheskin tracking devices  The Washington Post Gaddafi's girl executioner Nisreen, 19, admits shooting 11 rebel prisoners, now she is shackled to hospital bed awaiting justice Nigeria Too Big to Fail  From corruption to sectarian division to terrorism, Africa's most populous country (and one of its most oilrich) could find itself spiraling out of control Bird flu fear as strain mutates Syria forces surround town after 'defections' Troops backed by tanks deployed around Rastan after tens of soldiers from the area reportedly defected. Labour seeks law change to stop News Corp renewing BSkyB bid Nepal elects Maoist leader as new prime minister The daughter also rises  Women are storming emergingworld boardrooms | The Economist Taiwan hospital transplants 5 HIVinfected organs Libya Stench of dead bodies and garbage fills streets  Chinese doctors to call for bear farms to be closed Japanese breakthrough will make wind power cheaper than nuclear Israel sends 2 warships to Egyptian border; Iran set to send fleet to area as well News Corp. Hunkers Down Murdochs to Testify Under Oath  A British High Court will hear the testimonies of top News Corp. executives in October Futuristic 'airships' planned for North Blair and Bush planned Iraq war without second UN vote, letter shows Israeli military arms settlers in preparation for Palestinian protests. West Bank settlers are given training before protests predicted to coincide with a Palestinian petition for UN recognition
 Homelessness could spread to middle class in the UK, Crisis study warns 6 die as 'trashslideuries houses in Philippines China Struggles to Protect Dwindling Panda Population Israel Sends Two More Warships to Red Sea Egyptian Border  part of a military reinforcement there following warnings that militants are planning another attack on southern Israel from Egyptian soil  Suspect says Mexico casino fire set over unpaid extortion money Five are arrested in the deadly Monterrey arson as public outrage mounts, with some calls for the president and state governor's resignation over the rising toll from the bloody drug war. StraussKahn returns to IMF, gets warm applause Suspected North Korean cyberattack on a bank raises fears for S. Korea, allies Russia and China's Energy Dispute and the Struggle for Eurasian Dominance  Russia is prepared to return to China the $10 billion received in 2009 and to stop transporting Russian oil to China, unilaterally abrogating the 20year contract. BBC journalist killed during Taliban attack 'may have been shot by US forces'.  Big oil companies may have to give up Iraq gas Many of the world's biggest energy companies may have to surrender most of the gas from Iraq's vast southern oilfields to a processing and export project led by Shell, a final draft contract between Baghdad and Europe's biggest company Nato fighter in midair collision with Lithuanian plane Indian government victim of major targeted malware attack Syrian protesters 'killed' after Eid prayers Seven people reportedly shot dead by security forces at the start of the Muslim Eid alFitr holiday. Foreign Firms Helped Gadhafi Spy on Libyans Important rebel leaders in Libya are allied to alQaeda Julius Malema supporters clash with South Africa policeSouth African police have fired stun grenades at supporters of controversial ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema ahead of his disciplinary hearing. Libyan Rebels Reportedly Used Tiny Canadian Drone 
 NYTimes.com Turkish airstrike campaign 'killed 160 Kurdish rebels'  Turkish jets bombed Kurdish rebel bases in northern Iraq in a series of air strikes last week which killed up to 160 rebels, Turkish officials say. Worlds 7 billionth person about to be born In many German cities, Muslim arbiters, or peace judges, are settling criminal cases before law enforcement can bring the cases to court. That is undermining Germany's rule of law, according to a new book. China jails Tibetan monks for 13 years as accessories to murder for burning suicide A tale of two cities It's been 2 years since the city 
of Windsor Ontario had a murder  minutes away 
230 homocides in Detroit since January Germany kiboshes body scanners at airports  Body scanners being tested at Hamburg Airport are so error prone that the German government has decided not to introduce them across the country for the time being. Pakistan to ban encryption software French Report Legal Punishment for Filesharing as Severe as Manslaughter The Gadhafi Family Album Special forces raid BP Moscow offices Pakistani Man Murders Six Daughters in Honor Killing When Germany eliminated conscription this year, an extensive civil service program for conscientious objectors also came to an end. A new program launched to replace it, however, has not found enough volunteers. Now, many service organizations are facing shortages. Hong Kong has seized nearly two tonnes of elephant ivory worth about $1.7 million hidden in a shipment from Malaysia and detained a local man over the haul, customs authorities said Wednesday.  Chinese factory workers make vehement appeals to ipad giant APPLE for providing medical compensation for poison affected workers who worked in making touchscreens for iphone. In southern Mexico, about 500 indigenous Mayans  some of them linked to Zapatista rebels  have converted to Islam and pray in a mudhut mosque. Fewer young Swedes use condoms  Every other Swede aged 25 to 35yearsold opts not to use a condom when having sex with a new partner, a new survey shows, raising fears of an explosion in sexually transmitted diseases. A Spanish town is recreating the annual Celtic wedding festival of Lughnasadh, which sees couples get married for just one year  Boeing rejected Gaddafi proposal for spying on Libyans; other companies had less compunctions Libyan man murders three daughters after they were raped by proKhadafy troops NATO Propaganda Leaflets Found in Tripoli [Pics] Former Qaddafi Mercenaries Describe Fighting in Libyan War  We would kill three or four in the front of the crowd and they all ran away How dentists are saving Borneo's rainforest  
Dentists are offering free treatment to patients who oppose illegal logging Exxon to replace BP in $500bn deal to develop Russia's Arctic oil The WikiLeaks website crashed in what appeared to be a cyberattack following the publication of State Department cables Sarkozy warns against preventive strike on Iran
 AU fears Libyan rebels killing Blacks. Libyan rebels may be indiscriminately killing Black people because they have confused innocent migrant workers with mercenaries, the chairman of the African Union said Monday. Al Jazeera English reporting evidence found in Libya of a former US Ambassador, and a currently serving congressman have been providing advice to Gadaffi on how to cling to power. Huge WikiLeaks Security Breach Causes Unredacted Documents To Flood The Web Turkey warns Israel You have one day to apologize for Gaza flotilla raid or sanctions begin Rainforest Activist Asks for Protection After Death Threats  
Rubber tapper fears for his life because landowners have offered a $50,000 contract for his death  Hundreds of such killings have been recorded since the 1980s Second giant ice island set to break off Greenland glacier. Astonished scientist says he was completely unprepared for the gobsmacking scale of the breakup, which rendered me speechless. You Are Nobody Thousands find themselves stateless in the Dominican Republic. Over the past seven years, the Dominican government has rewritten its Constitution, reinterpreted old laws and passed new ones, effectively eliminating birthright citizenship.   China confronted Indian warship off Vietnam. The Arab Spring is . . . a primer on wishful thinking in the face of the real world. SAfrica Black farmers sell farms back to whites  Conrad Black on prison life Its quite Spartan, and you are subject to the authority of unskilled labour frequently masquerading as figures of much more natural or earned authority than they actually possess Thousands of young Portuguese professionals emigrating to booming economies of Brazil and Angola Iran says cheap Made in China Qurans full of typos What if the China Model Goes Bad?  Chinas economic growth has been remarkable. But continuing to rely on the notion of a benevolent dictatorship is a serious mistake. Child obesity swells as Italy forgets eating habits China to cut income tax for 60 million people  only 8% of population will be paying taxes now. How Cameron's secret unit choked off oil supplies to Gaddafi's frontline forces Thousands march at Bahraini boy's funeral Shia groups say 14yearold died after teargas canister hit him, a charge denied by the Gulf Arab state's government. The Disinvited The New Libya's New Racism Last resident of town near Fukushima refuses to leave PolishJewish sociologist compares West Bank separation fence to Warsaw Ghetto walls  WikiLeaks fends off cyberattack after release of unedited cables  The United States and Australia have condemned WikiLeaks for publishing unredacted diplomatic cables, saying the move puts lives in danger. WikiLeaks counters that it is committed to making information free for all. Iran Concerned West Will Benefit From Arab Uprisings West Africa Rising Guinea to sign $5.8 billion mining deal with Chinese firm  China Power Investment would finance the construction of a coal power plant, a deep water port, and a refinery in exchange for digging rights. Nepal's former Maoist rebels hand over their weapons Nepal's governing former Maoist rebels have handed over their weapons to a multiparty committee tasked with overseeing the peace process.  Hairsplitting, brazen denials and six decades of dirty tricks  The tobacco industry. Hackings Stunning Victim List  
Scotland Yard has a list of 3,870 people whose phones were tapped. From the schoolboy killer to Prince William, the scandal's huge scope. Hungary Introduces 'Fat Tax'  In an effort to address rising obesity rates and health care costs, Hungary on Thursday implemented a law imposing special taxes on foods with high fat, salt and sugar content. The move comes as other European countries also consider policies to fight obesity.  Turkey Cuts Military Ties with Israel and Expels Israeli Ambassador New Zealand's Copyright Amendment Act went into effect today at midnight; anyone caught downloading copyrighted content illegally could face fines of up to $15,000 and have their Internet cut off UN Peacekeepers Traded Food for Sex  A random poll of 10 underage girls by aid group Save The Children U.K. in 2009 found that eight performed sexual acts for Benin peacekeepers on a regular basis in order to secure their most basic needs. Wikileaks released ALL US diplomatic cables Libyan Rebels round up black Africans Canadian Court Sides With Online Anonymity Internet can destroy Communist control over China, party supporters fear
 Wikileaks cable UN peacekeepers in Ivory Coast traded food for sex with underage girls; are barred from serving in the UN following investigation  Wikileaks Releases Entire 65 Gigabyte Uncensored Cablegate Archive (With Or Without Bank Of America Disclosure) Rupert Murdoch receives $12.5m bonus Indian and Pakistani troops exchange fire
 Turkey expels Israel envoy after Gaza flotilla report, freezes military ties Speaking to reporters, Turkish FM says Anakra disagrees with Palmer Commission report's support of Israel's blockade of Gaza, intends to aid Turkish families of Gaza flotilla raid to file suit against Israel. WikiLeaks MPAA behind Aussie ISP lawsuit (but don't tell anybody) Mexican journalists found dead in Mexico City Speculating with Lives How Global Investors Make Money Out of Hunger EU agrees Syrian oil import ban 'Sleeping gas' thieves target superrich at Italian billionaires' resort U.N. Report Finds Israeli Blockade Legal but Raid Flawed  NYTimes.com Germany's Bundesbank has issued a thundering denunciation of Europe's rescue policies and actions by the European Central Bank, alleging that EU treaty law has been completely gutted.
 Russia, in swift aboutface, recognizes Libyan rebels The Kremlin opposed NATO's air war and called for negotiations between the rebels and Qaddafi. But its concern about keeping billiondollar contracts with Libya seems to have caused the switch. Muammar Gaddafi urges followers to turn Libya 'into a hell' China's village of the bachelors no wives in sight in remote settlement  Surplus of males caused by preference for sons means poor subsistence farmers have no chance of finding a mate
 More arrests in Rupert Murdoch phone hacking scandal
