 Slovenia's ambassador apologizes to her children and her nation for signing ACTA, calls for mass demonstrations in Ljubljana tomorrow (xpost R/evolutionReddit) Scientology condemned in France for organized fraud Anonymous hack into phone conversation between FBI and Scotland Yard Thailand has become the first nation to openly endorse Twitters decision to allow state by state censorship. The move is no surprise  Thailand recently jailed an elderly man with cancer for sending 4 text messages criticizing the King, despite being unable to prove he sent them. Iran is about to lose access to SWIFT payments.  This could be devastating... No recent contact with Russian team digging to midNeogene Lake in Antarctica Mass Killings Uncovered Near Damascus 130 million Tweets everyday are not worth reading, researchers find   Telegraph Libyan diplomat Omar Brebesh dies under torture Some in India wonder whether their countrymen can take a joke  A Jay Leno joke draws a rebuke from an Indian Cabinet minister, and political cartoons lead to treason charges. Some Indians say their countrymen are overreacting.  Two former Credit Suisse traders admitted on Wednesday to conspiring to manipulate the value of about $3 billion in subprime mortgagebacked securities in order to hide losses as the U.S. real estate market began to collapse in 2007. Serbia renationalizes its steel industry buying back a sprawling steelworks from US Steel Corp. The UNs highest court confirmed Friday that Germany has legal immunity from being sued in foreign courts by victims of Second World War Nazi atrocities Witnesses of soccer riot in Egypt recount horrific violence that killed 74 people, say police blocked exits and cut power in retaliation for role fans played in uprising. At least 37 people have been killed in South Sudan during a shootout at a peace meeting aimed at ending recent violence ACTA on the edge in Europe? Poland suspends ratification, Greece gets hacked New mutiny in Mexico's Ciudad Juarez A threat sends 2,000 officers into hiding as cartels fight to control Juarez. How Greece used 'magic' to make its debt disappear Anonymous 'hack FBI and Scotland Yard phone call' The End of Great Britain? Scottish Separatists Have High Hopes for Referendum  Iran Rebuffs Nuke Inspectors Trying to Visit Suspected Weapons Site Swiss Question 12 Banks as Libor Probe Widens  Switzerland is investigating European, US, & Japanese banks suspected of conspiring to manipulate interbank lending rates used to set interest rates on hundreds of trillions of dollars of securities Iran 'retaliating for scientists' deaths' Egypt gunmen snatch US tourists  Cold weather death toll passes 100 in Ukraine Marietje Schaake As a Member of the European Parliament, I very much welcome the increased attention ACTA has received in the past weeks. It has taken a while for massive outcry to emerge, but we are seeing protest voices getting louder and louder  We Need Copyright Reform, Not ACTA!

    
     European Commission inadvertently reveals that ACTA will indeed bring censorship to the Internet Poland freezes acta ratification Muslim family jailed for life after 'despicable' honour killing of three teen daughters who dared to date boys.
 Swedes out in force to protest ACTA  Syria Over 200 dead  after 'massacre' in Homs.  Friday evening shelling by security forces on eve of UN vote on removal of Bashar alAssadr Tens of thousands of people are marching in Russia's capital Moscow in protest at Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's grip on power Following the growing ACTA protests in Europe and signs of US meddling, Poland's PM makes it clear that Poland will not ratify ACTA for the time being, leading to speculation that the EU may not actually join ACTA  Jerusalem's Armenians outraged as city approves Jewsonly parking lot in Old City Isotopes hint at North Korean nuclear test. Data 
suggest that the country has experimented with a 
fusion boost to its fission weapons At least 217 Syrian protesters killed in Homs Europe is too emotional about fracking, says Shell chief  China and Russia veto UN resolution condemning Syria Canadian Muslim jailed for using the words blow away in a text message Expert claims that 16 million Chinese women are married to gay men Japanese Government wages war against Yakuza Fox Flub Russian Vostok Lake Scientists Safe Tunisia plans to expel Syrian ambassador, end recognition of Assads regime BBC News  Oldest woman in Cuba celebrates her 127th birthday Unrest in Tibet leads China to cut off internet and mobile phone service in a 30 sq mile radius.  'Scores dead' in fighting in Syria's Homs Activists say hundreds killed or injured as government forces use tanks and machine guns in central city. Ahmadinejad Iran to increase military spending by more than two fold Petrodollar pumping US policy on Iran, backfire looms. US 'disgust' as Russia and China veto UN Syria resolution At least 105 people killed in Syria's Homsrights group
| Agricultural Commodities
| Reuters Iranian Court Upholds Death Sentence for Software Designer Canadian resident  arrested while visiting his ailing father  is charged with insulting the sanctity of Islam and corruption on earth, because his photouploading software was used by a porn website without his knowledge  Nobel peace prize jury under investigation over accusations they have drifted away from the prize's original selection criteria N. Korea is open to talks with S. Korea Call Us Nazis If It Makes You Happy  

When Germany asserts its interests, as in the euro crisis, critics invoke its Nazi past. How to react? We must not let ourselves be intimidated. A friendly imperviousness, an unoffended rebuff, are the most judicious responses Chevron refuses to apologize in Ecuador pollution case so $18 billion damage award stands Honour killings unIslamic, fatwa declares in wake of Shafia trial Blast hits gas pipeline connecting Egypt, Israel & Jordan Syria releases the 7/7 'mastermind  He has been released as a warning to the US and Britain about the consequences of turning their backs on President alAssads regime Saudi women ask courts to take up their lawsuits against the ban on female driving  No laws prohibit them from driving, but religious edicts have banned it & officials comply. Among those filing is Manal alSherif, who was detained for nearly 2 weeks after posting a video of herself driving.

 France Googles Free Map Service Unfair To Commercial Map Sellers Court ordered Google to pay 500,000 Euros to local map company for unfair practices that constitute an abuse of the dominant position of its Google Maps application. Tens of thousands brave Moscow cold to protest against Putin India tells Britain We don't want your aid  Telegraph  Syria UN veto gives Assad licence to kill  opposition Egyptian police incited massacre at stadium, say angry footballers 1,000 prisoners in Kyrgyzstan sew their mouths shut in protest. Fidel Castro launches his memoirs Guerrilla of Time Assad's forces free to bomb dissenters as Russia and China veto UN resolution Scores of people in the Syrian opposition stronghold Homs are killed while thousands join protests around the world Alexander Yellin became famous a decade ago for the song he wrote that became the anthem of Vladimir Putin, praising him as the perfect Russian man. But now, as Putin runs for reelection and his popularity wanes, Yellin has written the anthem of the antiPutin crowds Murders soar in Brazil city during police strike Cairo street battles enter fourth day  Tax office in capital set on fire amid continuing anger at authorities' failure to prevent Port Said football violence. Carnival cruise ship passengers struck with virus Fidel Castro publishes his 1000 page memoir in two volumes In a Dispute That Tests European Rules to Protect Ecosystems, Plans to Foul Falmouth Bay by Digging a Channel for Giant Cruise Liners has Residents Split  A decision to dredge may lead to relaxation of EU rules governing other UK habitats. Others say it'll create jobs & add tourists.  'The Arab Spring Is Coming to China'  North Korean central government pitting two branches of the secret police against each other in order to root out political dissidents Passengers at airports across Australia will be forced to undergo fullbody scans or be banned from flying under new laws to be introduced this week. Sarkozy ally says all civilisations not equal  French interior minister stands by his remarks as critics denounced his comments as dangerous and xenophobic. Ignoring a U.S. threat to cut off aid, Egypt on Sunday [5 February 2012] referred 19 Americans and 24 other employees of nonprofit groups to trial before a criminal court on accusations they illegally used foreign funds to foment unrest in the country. BBC News  Three Tibetans have set fire to themselves in southwest China, reports say, in the latest apparent protest against rule from Beijing. U.S. Closes embassy in Syria A new taste for eating elephant meat  everything from trunks to sex organs  has emerged in Thailand and could pose a new threat to the survival of the species. Google, Facebook take down 'offensive' India content  The firms have pulled down web pages deemed offensive to Indian political and religious leaders, in compliance with a court directive issued during an ongoing civil lawsuit against more than 20 Internet giants.
 Romania's government resigns following protests North Korea using old, USmade drones N. Korea recently bought several US MQM107D Streakers from a Middle Eastern nation that appears to be Syria, and is developing unmanned attack aircraft based on them. China is buying up companies in Europe and tip toeing around the euro debt. Very Sun Tzu indeed.  China orders airlines not to pay Europe for carbon emissions Norway Mass Killer Decries Cultural Destruction   Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in Norway, said Monday his massacre was necessary to prevent his country's cultural destruction. Facebook and Google remove 'offensive' India content Syrian and Libyan demonstrators hurled rocks, eggs and tomatoes at the Chinese embassy in Tripoli on Monday, after Russia and China vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution backing an Arab plan urging Syria's President Bashar alAssad to give up power Russia's Line In The Sand  


Why Russia won't support UN condemnation of Syria's President Assad. Not just solidarity among autocrats. Russia feels that it got burnt over Libya. It doesn't trust the Syrian opposition. And it trusts the US even less Alberto Contador handed twoyear ban for doping and is stripped of 2010 Tour de France title by the CAS ACTA Europe braced for protests over antipiracy treaty (xpost r/evolutionreddit)  Beijings South China Sea Gamble  If China is right, then there is enough oil under the South China Sea to feed global consumption for several years. But Beijing may be making an aggressive bet on the wrong horse.
 6th Feb 'They are still picking up the bodies' Direct report from Homs in Syria Czech government just suspended process of ACTA ratification Why India chose Rafale Google, Facebook pull web pages on order from India, which deemed content antireligious, or antisocial USGS 6.8 quake strikes off coast of Philippines' 3rdlargest island  CNN.com US closes embassy in Damascus, evacuates personnel Mega Snow Storm Leaves 33,000 Without Power In Rome, And Food Supplies Are Running Low. Lake Vostok surface reached The last World War I veteran has died. UK Government 'may sanction nerveagent use on rioters'. Honour killings unIslamic, ... fatwa declares in wake of Shafia trial  Iran defaults on rice payments to India Japan population to shrink by a third by 2060 Lead Poisoning 'Worst in Modern History'  
A lead poisoning epidemic in Nigeria has killed 400 children & affected thousands, but cleanup hasn't even begun in many areas Syria Homs attack is a gamechangerThe onslaught in Syria marks a new chapter in which further bloodshed appears inevitable. The network of trolls, journalists and bloggers paid to ensure flattering coverage of Vladimir Putin RAF helicopter death revelation leads to secret Iraq detention camp Live feed from Syria gives window into violent crackdown, shows shelling and gunfire in Homs. Met Police unlawfully failed to warn victims of News of the World phone hacking
 President of Maldives Steps Down After Police Coup Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and the UAE Recall Ambassadors From Syria, Expel Syrian Diplomats Turkey is preparing a new initiative with those countries who oppose the Syrian government, Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday, describing Chinas and Russias veto of a U.N. resolution on Syria a fiasco. Britain was forced to plead with the US to take part in the flotilla challenging Iranian power in the Gulf after American commanders decided the Royal Navy had nothing to contribute to the mission. Olive glut puts skids under oil producers at risk. A second bumper harvest could see Spanish farmers driven from the land they have worked for generations
 Another European government falls amidst eurocrisis Romania's government collapsed  the latest European government to give way amid popular resentment toward austerity measures It's Time To End the Greek Rescue Farce There is a widespread belief that Germany is the big winner of the euro crisis, as investors stash their money in the euro zone's last safe haven, driving interest rates on German bonds down to record lows. But the idea is just a myth. Indeed, the crisis could end up costing Berlin dearly. Irish Urge Children to Leave Amid Job Losses In Syria, a oncequiet village tips into revolution  Anadan, in the shadow of Syria's secondlargest city, has expelled Bashar Assad's forces. It's another tug on the tightrope the president is walking. Latin America's growing taste for whisky  The whisky business gets a boost from Latin America's new middleclass.
 Are NGOs fanning unrest in Egypt? As rights groups come under scrutiny over foreign funding, we ask if the ruling military is hunting for a scapegoat. French airport workers strike over right to strike  Hundreds of striking aviation workers gathered outside Pariss main airports Monday to protest against a draft law designed to protect passengers from industrial action, which they say threatens their right to strike.  For the first year in its history, India has no reported cases of polio. Nicaraguas push to generate 94 percent of its own electricity from renewable resources  by 2016 without damaging the environment  has united the country. An undercover police officer chased himself round the streets for 20 minutes after a CCTV operator mistook him for suspect. Monsanto, the creator of chemical weapon Agent Orange, returns to Vietnam  this time to sell GM crops and weedkilling chemicals in Vietnam; many outraged

 UK denies Alan Turing postumous pardon for homosexuality Saudi Arabia Promises To Go Nuclear if Iran Does A poll of Arab public opinion by the University of Maryland and Zogby International, which included Egypt, asked respondents to name two countries that are the biggest threat to you 88% named the United States, and 77% named Israel; only 9% chose Iran Massive 40Foot Shark Pulled From the Arabian Sea  estimates put it at around 40 feet (about the size of school bus), while largest confirmed whale shark on record was over 41 feet and weighed more than 47,000 pounds.  Gadhafi regime missiles missing  Iran's parliament summons Ahmadinejad  President to be questioned over a range of accusations, a first since the country's revolution in 1979. Nokia to End Phone Assembly in Europe  It'll end the assembly of cellphones in Europe by yearend as it shifts production to Asia in its latest attempt to cushion its finances A Top Cop in China Disappears. Medical leave or asylum?  
China's rumor mill is ablaze over the whereabouts of Wang Lijun, who 'went on vacationstyle treatment.' What happens next could be a blow to a top Communist Party contender.  Over 2/3 of Irans lawmakers endorse cutting off oil sales to the European Union before EU sanctions on their country go into effect Europe may be brutally cold right now, but in Freisland (Netherlands) they wait with bated breath in the hopes that conditions will be right for the Elfstedentocht, a traditional 200km, 11city ice skating race, for the first time in 15 years. 
Time to Act on Companies Selling Mass Spy Gear to 
Authoritarian Regimes  Senior scientologist charged with perverting justice  Anonymous Hacks Syrian President Bashar Assad's Emails A380 fleet to be checked for wing cracks The entire fleet of A380 superjumbos is to be checked for cracks on their wings after orders from the European safety regulator.
 Argentina to raise Falklands UK 'militarisation' at UN Theif turns in stolen mobile phone containing suspected child porn, ends up going to jail. TEPCO injecting more water into Fukushima nuclear power plant reactor because temperature at base of pressure vessel has risen. Syrian troops have continued shelling the city of Homs for the fifth straight day, killing scores of people. Maldives Muslim hardliners smashes Buddhist statues in national museum
 Spanish police rescue Ryanairs Michael OLeary from angry mob Maldives president quits after 'coup d'etat'   Security forces threatened bloodbath if Mohamed Nasheed remained in power, his party says. Charlotte Church stands alone as hacking victims settle. Singer's refusal to accept pretrial deal means Murdoch empire still faces damaging court case
 It's a bloodletting in Syria. Civilians are facing tanks. There's every indication the dictatorship is moving to crush, once and for all, the elevenmonthold rebellion against the 40year dictatorship of the Assad family. Israel teams with terror group to kill Iran's nuclear scientists Indian POliticians get caught watching porn during meeting ...was not looking at porn but watching video of a women being raped by several men... Mexico makes historic 15 ton  methamphetamine seizure Vatican official Sexual abuse silence deadly for Church The Knights Templar, a violent, pseudoreligious cartel from the neighboring state of Michoacan unfurled banners in a Mexican city that Pope Benedict was scheduled to visit, telling rival traffickers to keep out. North Koreas supersized hotel is set to open  23 years behind schedule. It's taller than the Chrysler building, wider than a city block, and made entirely of concrete.  Afghanistan's Opium Child Brides  As the heroin trade suffers, more Afghan poppy farmers feel they have no choice but to marry off their daughters, sometimes to unsavory and faraway men, to pay their debts. 'We are seriously dying here. It is really war' Residents of Homs say the Syrian army is carrying out a ferocious bombardment against helpless civilians High demand for sea turtles in China sends poachers toward Philippines Iraq executes scores of prisoners in first 40 days of 2012 Falkland Islands newspaper the Penguin News causes uproar after calling the Argentinian President a bitch Women labourers give opium to infants to keep them quiet while working in Indian state Rajasthan
 Russia's young people are growing up with more freedom than ever. Twenty years after the end of communism, the first postSoviet generation is transforming the country  whether the once and future president likes it or not. Anarchy in Aceh Criminalizing punk rock under Islamic law Syrian forces renew bombardment in Homs
 Greek Austerity Moves Leave Nation's Economic Safety Net In Tatters British businesses could be forced to appoint fixed quotas of women to their boards of directors under radical plans being considered by the UK Government. Vagabond King  

Profile of Valentine Strasser, made president of Sierra Leone at 25 by military coup in 1992; forced out after four years; tried to study in Britain; returned, lives with his mother, drinks gin by the roadside, reminisces Germany Expels Four Syrian Diplomats Russian city of St. Petersburg bans spreading of homosexual propaganda Thousands of Maldivians condemn 'coup'  Supporters rally in Male to demand Mohamed Nasheed's return to power, a day after he was forced to quit as president. Germany is investing heavily in renewables and it's one of the few economies thriving in Europe Targeting teachers image 'Dirty war' against Colombia's unions   Few bright spots in the world's most dangerous place for labor organizers.

 11 current Latin American leaders call for legal drug regulation as an alternative to the war on drugs.  The British govt about to unveil proposals to block the Internet for copyright enforcement purposes Anonymous threatens cyber crusade against Israel  accusing it of Crimes against humanity Belgian firefighters soak police in protest!
I never thought I'd see firehoses turned on the police. Donald Trump Accuses Alex Salmond of Wanting to Destroy Scottish Coast  

Billionaire attempts to derail wind farm plans with letter to first minister  & by ceasing work on his Aberdeenshire golf resort.  Trump opposes the wind farm, saying it'll ruin the view from his  resort.  World gets ready for ACTA protests Iran sending upto 15,000 elite troops to Syria  Overfishing of EU fisheries is costing 2.7bn (3.2bn euros) a year & 100,000 jobs  1/3 of Britain's fish consumption could be met if stocks were allowed to recover.  But separate research shows 1/2 of fishermen wouldn't be willing to give up their livelihoods. Rhino dies in antipoaching demo by conservationists Afghan children killed in NATO air strike RAF helicopter death revelation leads to secret Iraq detention camp
 Israel and Iran Closer to takeoff  Momentum is growing for an Israeli airstrike on Iranwith or without American support | The Economist Sane man lives in Romania mental hospital for 80 years Iran Begins Blocking Sites Using HTTPS Protocol  effectively censoring major bank sites, Google, Gmail, Facebook and many other commercial sites. Roman Catholic Church leaders have unveiled an Internet teaching project to help clergy around the world root out pedophiles in their ranks and protect children from potential abusers. BBC News  Tibetans set themselves alight in protests As many as 126 reported killed as Syrian attacks escalate  CNN.com Putin to dismantle United Russia after election In Rare, Blunt Speech, Saudi King Criticizes Syria Vetoes Japan Scrambles Fighters to Meet Russian Bombers A group of Ecuadoreans take offensive against a Hague arbitration panel that they claim will meet in secret, without transparency or accountability, to determine the fate of an $18.2 billion environmental judgment they won against Chevron Pakistan's InterServices Intelligence accused of kidnapping and torturing 11 men, four of whom have been found dead India Explores Economic Opportunities in Iran, Denting Western Sanctions Plan Iraq executes 14 people in one day, 65 so far this year Islamists in Egypt halt filming of TV series  Islamist students halted the filming of an Egyptian television series at Cairo's Ain Shams University protesting against the indecent clothing of the actresses Massive Street Protests Wage War On ACTA Hundreds of thousands of people are taking to the streets to prevent their countries and the European Parliament from putting the free Internet at risk by ratifying ACTA Kim Jongun assassination turns out to just be a birthday party. Seriously. U.S. official No evidence North Korean leader is dead Five employees of The Sun, were arrested today over allegations of inappropriate payments to police and public officials. Iran to unveil 'great nuclear achievements' Protests over Greece's austerity cuts turn violent Striking Belgian firefighters hose down the cops | The Raw Story Second protester shot dead in Saudi Arabia  Syrian general gunned down, state TV says Greek Police Union Wants to Arrest EU, IMF Officials 5 staff at The Sun, 3 others arrested in UK inquiry over alleged media bribes to officials Pollution from unauthorized factories said to cause catastrophic health issues in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, where they were built in order to evade Israeli environmental standards. Respected journalist John Pilger on Australia's ABC talks about what Julian Assange is up against. Iran partially blocks encrypted network traffic and shuts down HTTPS protocol. Iran to announce very important nuclear achievements state TV Syria satellite images show government is using artillery and mortars against Homs Argentina accuses the UK of sending a nucleararmed submarine to the South Atlantic, and makes an official complaint to the UN over the Falklands. US Officials Say Kim Jong Un Assassination Rumors Untrue 
Eight people held over payments inquiry Eight people have been arrested over allegations of corrupt payments to police and public officials, Scotland Yard has said Russia Accuses West of Arming Syrian Rebels The worlds losing its workers. How will we compete?  About 11 per cent of the worlds people are over 60 at the moment. In the next 25 years that will double, to almost a fifth, and one in six of those people will be over 80 In Afghanistan, a new approach to teaching history Leave out the wars We arent mature enough to come up with a way to teach such a sensitive history,  Anonymous vows crusade against Israel Horror escalates in Syria as U.N. tries again to reach resolution  CNN.com New clashes in Saudi Arabia leave 'protester' dead. Drug War Revolt in Central America  Guatemalan President Otto Perez Molina said Saturday he will propose legalizing drugs in Central America in an upcoming meeting with the regions leaders. Eight arrests as Murdoch 'throws staff to the wolves'. Five senior 'Sun' journalists, two MoD staff and a police officer taken in dawn swoop as new front opens in bribery scandal
 Canada ISPs not subject to content rules, Supreme Court says I fear for a social explosion Greeks can't take any more punishment. EU policy of forced austerity is driving country to economic collapse. Murdoch media empire engulfed in scandal as Scotland Yard's net spreads PigFarm Breaches Human Rights  Plans to build a USstyle mega farm, housing 25,000 pigs with over a 1,000 a week slaughtered, poses health risks to those in historic Foston & to imprisoned women nearby  Objections are mounting, because of new evidence of risks to the health of people. Protests in Greece Historic cinemas, cafes and shops went up in flames in central Athens on Sunday as blackmasked protesters fought Greek police outside parliament, while inside lawmakers looked set to defy the public rage by endorsing a new EU/IMF austerity deal. The temperature in a reactor at the crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant may have risen to 82 degrees on Feb. 12, a situation that could force the government to revoke the declaration of an equivalent of cold shutdown. Human rights abuses could be covered up under new justice bill proposals in the UK British police arrest five at Murdoch's Sun newspaper





  As ewaste becomes more valuable, the German Post Office enters the recycling game  Post offices will collect old mobile phones, household electronic devices, used printer cartridges, & any other ewaste that's small enough to fit in an A4size envelop   Syrian government forces are using detained civilians as human shields on tanks. A mysterious epidemic is devastating the Pacific coast of Central America, killing more than 24,000 people in El Salvador and Nicaragua since 2000 and striking thousands of others with chronic kidney disease at rates unseen virtually anywhere else Saudi Arabia threatens to go nuclear 'in weeks' if Iran gets bomb  SAUDI Arabia would launch a military nuclear program immediately if Iran successfully developed atomic weapons.  Greek parliament approves new austerity bill About 24,000 people will be displaced from towns in the Amazon to make way for the world's third biggest dam.Belo Monte is finishing our community. We had no option. For me, the saddest part of this story is to know that everything I helped create here I'm now seeing it all be destroyed. Photos of Greece in turmoil. Australia under pressure again to tighten slaughterhouse regulations after the airing of secretly filmed footage of animals being clubbed with iron bars & repeatedly shocked in the face with electrical prods  An official called it ''gross mistreatment''.  ''Strict measures will be ramped up.'' 


  Iran prepares suicide bomb boats in Gulf Fukushima reactor readings raise reheating concern Temperature inside No 2 reactor may have risen to 82C, and Tepco reportedly steps up cooling efforts
 Nun sets herself on fire in China Over 100,000 rally in Lisbon against austerity A Jerusalem court has started debating the meaning of Fascism as the right wing group Im Tirtzu sues activists Greek Parliament approves another round of austerity measures Younger Castro steers Cuba to a new revolution Monsanto is found guilty of chemical poisoning in France. The company was sued by a farmer who suffers neurological problems that the court found linked to pesticides. Maldives Islamists Storm National Museum, Destroy Entire Collection of 12thCentury Buddhist Statues Last Of The Cave People A nomadic people in Papua New Guinea were rumored to be living in remote caves in the forest. When we found them, they sent a surprising message to the modern world. Osama Bin Laden told his children Live in Peace in the West. Get an Education. Video Shows Syrian AntiAircraft Tank Firing Randomly Into Peoples' Homes Democracy is ending in the land where it began Amazon Defenders Face Death or Exile  


Brazilian activists who inform on illegal loggers laying waste to the rainforests can expect a visit from the gunmen BBC News  Delhi blast hits Israeli diplomat's car Osama bin Laden's told his children 'not to follow him down path of jihad'   Saudi Writer Is Facing a Possible Death Sentence Over Tweets on Prophet Riots spread as Greek lawmakers OK austerity bill  Israel says bombs target embassies in India, Georgia
 NATO says found Afghan children dead after air strike 
Iran 30 million lose email access  Archaeologists strike gold in quest to find Queen of 
Sheba's wealth  What Greek Austerity Looks Like China has urged Iran to cooperate more closely with the global nuclear watchdog and rejoin talks on its nuclear program that has caused a rift with the West. Supply of Childhood Leukemia Drug May Run Out Within Weeks Libya Tells UN Rights Council Gays threaten continuation of human race

Libyas postsuspension return marked by Islamist policy on gays
 Athens mayhem raises fears of Greek social explosion. We refuse to stand against our parents, our brothers, our children, the Greek Police Federation said. Greece lies bankrupt, humiliated and ablaze is cradle of democracy finished? The violence, looting and chaos engulfing the country underlines growing rift between the Greek people and their politicians
 The Russians are leaving  Russia Highly qualified middleclass professionals, feeling ignored by the country's economy and political system, are emigrating in search of greener pastures.  Irish TD's to filter letters of complaint from public as Spam Israeli air raid kills Palestinian in Gaza Car Bombs in India and Georgia Targeted Israeli Officials  Israel has confirmed that a car bomb that went off at its embassy in New Delhi was targeting one of its diplomats, while another bomb near its embassy in Tbilisi, Georgia has been defused. Canadian legislation will require internet service providers to log internet activity of all customers and provide information to government and police. The government says anyone who is against the bill is siding with child pronographers (Canadian) Conservative Party wants warrantless searches of everyone's internet history, saying all that oppose this support child porn. Athens in Flames [pics] Dresden stands up to neoNazi march  For years, neoNazis have marched on the anniversary of the 1945 Dresden air raid. In 2011, tension with counterdemonstrators escalated into clashes. But this year, the city seemed to have learned from past mistakes.  China cops beat Tibet monk as he burns Malaysia Celebrates Valentine's Day by Arresting Unmarried Couples Rome dropped its bid for the 2020 Olympics on Tuesday after Premier Mario Monti said the Italian government would not provide financial backing for an estimated $12.5billion project at a time of economic crisis. 
Millions of young people worldwide are unemployed  are we creating a lost generation? WTF India gives gallantry award to the police officer who stripped a woman naked, gave her electric shocks and shoved stones in her private parts. Motorcycle hitman uses magnetic bomb against Israeli diplomat  same method as killed the Iranian scientist. China to deport 29 North Korean defectors back to North Korea after several of them tried to reunite with family in South The Way Greeks Live Now  


A glimpse into harsh reality of life in Greece, where half of all under 25s are now out of work. And yet despite economic turmoil somehow everyday life rumbles on, in a collective trance, shot through with gallows humor 'Iranianomber injured in Bangkok. Other explosions were reported in the same busy commercial district of the Thai capital, injuring four others. Antarctic water PR stunt involving Vladimir Putin comes unstuck  

Head of Russian scientific expedition admits contents of presentation case were not actually from ancient subglacial lake JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank and HSBC are among at least seven firms facing a Canadian probe into whether they participated in a conspiracy to manipulate prices on interestrate derivatives 
Los Zetas, Mexico's number 2 drug cartel, paid hundreds of dollars to ordinary people to buy 203 assault rifles, handguns and a sniper rifle in Texas Vladimir Putin ridiculed after demanding Russians have more sex to halt declining population The one year anniversary of Bahrain's suppressed protest movement erupted in clashes as security personnel fanned out through the capital, Manama. Homs is being bombarded by rocket fire The Twitter followers who encouraged a Saudi journalist accused of blasphemy may be charged with the same crime Argentina's transport workers' union says it will boycott ships flying the British flag because of the dispute over the Falkland Islands CANADA  Proposed bill for expanded surveillance tabled in Commons Canada stepped up pressure on Washington on Monday [13 February 2012] to rewrite its controversial Volcker rule to remove restrictions on Canadian bank activities that it says do not threaten the U.S. financial system. Monsanto found guilty of poisoning in pesticide case Stem cells taken from patient's heart heal heart attack scars, regrow healthy muscle Bulgaria refuses to ratify ACTA Dutch Parliament Rejects ACTA On Human Rights Violations Academics vote 'shitstorm' as German's best English loanword Iran Cuts Oil Exports to Europe; Begins Using Its Own Nuclear Fuel Greece is Now the Unhappiest Nation in Europe Iran activates nuclear reactor, says underground bunker is fully operational Return of the toy protesters. Siberian authorities ban new protest because toys 'are not citizens of Russia' Honduras prison fire kills at least 272 inmates, official says another describes hellish scenes. Gaza Strips only power station, which supplies the Palestinian enclave with up to twothirds of its energy needs, has been shut down due to a shortage of fuel smuggled in from neighboring Egypt Palestinian man arrested by Israel, held without charge, is on day #59 of a hunger strike. Iran Foreign Minister Iran is the biggest victim of terrorism 'These are clearly crimes against humanity'  The Head of Human Rights Watch Kenneth Roth says the Assad regime is committing crimes against humanity and condemns Russia and China for their callous indifference towards Syrian lives.  An Observer in Athens The Greek people have gone to war against the system How secret renditions shed light on MI6's licence to kill and torture Italy prosecutors seek 5year jail term for Berlusconi ... on charges of paying British lawyer David Mills a $600K (382K pound) bribe to lie about the former prime minister's business interests RSF Israeli troops take aim at photojournalists covering protests in West Bank Iran stops oil exports to six EU countries. Syria won't accept peacekeepers Syrian Ambassador to China Hundreds of inmates burn to death in massive Honduras prison fire Metal, code, flesh Why we need a 'Rights of the Internet' declaration. Russian Submarine Fire Last Year Almost Resulted In Nuclear 'Catastrophe'  Vlaast magazine has a story, unfortunately not online, that says that the ship was at the time carrying 16 missiles, each full of fuel, with 4 nuclear warheads on each missile. In letter, Iran says it's ready for nuclear talks  Yahoo! News At least 200 killed in Honduras prison fire Bahrain deports 6 Americans for illegal activities As Sarkozy seeks new term, French are wary of 'Merkozy'  An embattled French President Nicolas Sarkozy is touting his strong ties with powerful German chancellor Angela Merkel as he prepares to announce his bid for a second term today.  Bill C309, if passed, would make it a crime to protest in a mask.  Could be up to a five year sentence. Acta loses more support in Europe as Netherlands and Bulgaria join Poland and Germany in refusing to support it. UK Parliament members concluded that the Internet plays a major role in the radicalization of terrorists and called on the government to pressure ISPs in Britain and abroad to censor online speech An EU court rules that social networking sites can't be compelled to install general filters to prevent illegal trading of music and other copyrighted material. After revolution in Egypt, women's taste of equality fades Women were at the vanguard in the protests that ousted Hosni Mubarak. But longheld sexism has reasserted itself at the hands of the military and the Islamists. Israel has threatened to tear down solar panels and wind turbines in Palestinian villages Greece Is on Pace for the Worst Recession in Modern History  The Greek economy shrank nearly 7% in 2011, the fifth straight year the country has been in a recession. GDP has shriveled by a sixth since 2006, and unemployment has tripled over that period to 20%. Acta is sinking EU Court of Justice rules out private and automatic Censorship Monsanto found guilty in French court of poisoning a farmer with weedkiller.  UK shuts down popular blog RnBXclusive...the owners arrested for allegedly defrauding the music industry. In addition, SOCA threaten RnBXclusive users with 10 yrs in prison if they downloaded music through the site N. Korean helicopter crashes, killing NK Minister of Commerce along with the commercial director of North Pyongan Province and related cabinet officials Canada wants warrantless Internet spying, says 
critics support child porn  Honduras govt report says most inmates in deadly prison fire were not convicted  The Washington Post NATO admits 8 Afghan children killed in air strike The Swedish Government wants to implement a change in the law which has the potential to make Sweden one of the toughest countries in the world to share files. Dubai  19 year old Indonesian girl kills her abusive 87 year old Singaporean employer. French film ban raises autism issue Saudi Arabia's religious police have arrested more than 140 people for celebrating Valentine's Day. Facing a backlash, Ottawa moves to retool cybercrime bill Rare Look at China's Energy Machine  
A photographer gains an inside look at China's massive power complex.  Its energy use, production, & ambitions are best captured by superlatives The country is the world's largest energy consumer & leading source of greenhouse gas emissions Iran wants early resumption of nuclear talks letter World's oldest hooker makes $80,000 a year from sex services at age of 97! Greece's Model Mayor  Reform Hero Takes on Corruption in Thessaloniki Facing backlash, Canada Conservatives eye rewrite of onlinesurveillance bill Prosecutors Try to Lift German President's Immunity  They've asked the federal parliament to lift President Christian Wulff's immunity over an escalating home loan scandal $6 Trillion in counterfeit US bonds found. Am I wrong for thinking this should be bigger news? German president Christian Wulff resigns in corruption scandal Canadians respond to new privacy bill by trending #TellVicEverything tweets, where they tweet the public safety minister about their mundane lives  Adolf Hitler had a son with a French teenager while serving as a soldier during the First World War, according to new evidence. Italy plans to tax Vatican on commercial properties Wikileaks expressed outrage at not being granted a speaking slot at UNESCO event The Media World after WikiLeaks and News of the World. Kalashnikov 5 Brandnew AK12 rifle unveiled Olympic Ban on Saudi Arabia Is Urged Over Lack of Female Athletes UN calls for Syrian president to step down Dutch Prince Johan Friso uried by Austria avalanche' Poachers Slaughter 200 Elephants in Cameroon Park in 6 Weeks  

Armed groups from Chad & Sudan blamed for unprecedented killing fueled by demand for ivory Mexico President Felipe Calderon's message to US 'No more weapons!' British tanks to be sent to Germany for storage so army can sell land in UK Poachers have killed more than 200 elephants in Cameroon in just six weeks, in a massacre fuelled by Asian demand for ivory. Germany president resigns over finances scandals The wife of former Liberian president Charles Taylor has introduced a bill making homosexuality  liable to a death sentence.  Japan Slowly Wakes Up to Doomsday Debt Risk   Capital flight, soaring borrowing costs, tanking currency & stocks & a central bank forced to pump vast amounts of cash into local banks  that is what Japan may have to contend with if it fails to tackle its snowballing debt Anthony Shadid, one of the finest reporters in the Middle East, has died while on assignment in Syria India is Burning How Rapid Growth is Destroying its Environment & Future  The nation's emerging environmental calamity threatens to overshadow  and undermine  its phenomenal development German prosecutor asks for President Christian Wulff's immunity from prosecution to be lifted How Chinese Energy Politics Will Reshape the Middle East  
Chinas going to import a lot more oil from Iran & the Arab world over the next 2 decades. America will import far less. Those 2 facts will profoundly change the geopolitics of the Middle East.


 Armed militias in Libya are committing human rights abuses with impunity, threatening to destabilize the country and hindering its efforts to rebuild, Amnesty International said Thursday Rupert Murdoch to launch new newspaper in UK Record $6 Trillion of Fake U.S. Bonds Seized in Mafia Probe Armed Robbery at Ancient Olympia museum in Greece, Dozens of artefacts reported to have been stolen. BBC News  Gordon Brown earns 1.4m since leaving office. Donates every penny to charity.  For Switzerland's largest bank, the hits just keep coming. . . . UBS now appears to be at the center of the financial world's latest scandal an alleged conspiracy by traders and brokers to rig the price of derivatives around the world by manipulating a key interest rate. Australian bank ANZ rises interest rates, fires 1000 employers and sends excecutives on $1.75m holiday cruise. Polish MP smokes pot in prodrug campaign |
			 Cocaine found on capsized cruise ship captain's hair Eleven months after the tsunami and earthquake ravaged Japan new pictures show the incredible progress being made in the multibillion pound clear up Canada 'Muzzling its Scientists'  Speakers at a major science meeting being held in Canada said communication of vital research on health & environment issues is being suppressed An international arbitration panel ordered Ecuador to stop its courts from enforcing an $18 billion judgment against Chevron, on the same day a US judge put up a new hurdle standing in between indigenous Ecuadoreans seeking to collect award Iranian warships have entered the Mediterranean Sea for only the second time since the 1979 revolution EU Court of Justice Social Networks Cant Be Forced to Monitor and Filter to Prevent Copyright Infringement Eastern Europeans fuel fight for Internet freedoms Why China Succeeds in Africa Chinas investment in Africa is far more nuanced than cozying up to dictators. Rather than indulging in alarmism, the West could learn something. Supreme Court of Canada rules that Quebec parents are not allowed to withdraw their children from a mandatory class on ethics and religion. The New York Times If Switzerland stonewalls, the Justice Department can indict banks that benefit from tax evasion and seize their assets in the United States...At some point, the Swiss government will find that result a lot more costly than handing over information on American tax cheats. Chinese Labor, Cheap No More China detains several hundred Tibetans, says Human Rights Watch Latvian vote on status of Russian language this Saturday could widen rift in society. For ethnic Latvians, the referendum is a brazen attempt to encroach on Latvias independence. The 24 N. Korean defectors to be expelled from China back to N. Korea by Feb 20 Poland's Tusk gores ACTA Syrian forces fire on antiAssad crowd in capital
 A financial clearinghouse used by virtually every country and major corporation in the world agreed Friday to shut out Iran from its respected network, an unprecedented escalation of global economic pressure to halt Iran's suspected drive for nuclear weapons. Haiti government says president attacked Switzerland's banks no longer want American clients but now Swiss citizens living in the United States are finding it hard to keep accounts back home. . . . Swiss expatriates are increasingly irritated by their dealings with banks in their homeland and are venting their frustrations online. France's former currency is devalued to zilch  Hundreds line up at the Bank of France in Paris on the last day to convert old francs to euros. Nostalgia and doomsday predictions are in the air. New poll reveals majority support for socialism in Venezuela. If the presidential elections were held today, 58.2 percent of citizens would vote for the reelection of Hugo Chvez, and 34.5 percent for the opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski. Swedish man survives for months in snowedin car  Yahoo! News Iran 'halts oil sales to France and Britain' Hundreds of thousands march in Spain The Sense Of An Ending  
By engineering rigged elections that nobody bothered or dared to protest, Putin managed to conceal his regime's deepest secret, namely that Russia, rather than being misgoverned, is governed very laxly if at all  China, the United States and two dozen other countries are now looking at coordinated retaliation  including putting pressure on European airlines and other industries  if Europe tries to enforce a law requiring airlines to pay for their greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Taiwan's Foxconn raises wages for Chinese workers Latvia rejects making Russian an official language Iran stops oil sales to French and British companies Israel airstrike hits Gaza targets Strike follows rocket attacks on southern Israel After journalist blasphemes Muhammed, Grand Mufti of the KSA wants to ban twitter while nephew of King owns 3% of it. Algeria seizes missiles smuggled from Libya More than 10,000 march in Damascus antiAssad protest CNN  A computer programmer from Canada faces imminent execution in Iran for the actions of another person, which he had no control over, a human rights group says. Zimbabwe Chinese arrested for eating rare tortoises  A mother from southern Sweden has been reported to health authorities for allegedly holding her son prisoner for years in a fantasy world inhabited by Smurfs and space aliens. Iraq gun and bomb attacks hit Baghdad and Baquba Execution of web programmer in Iran may be imminent Eastern Europeans fuel fight for Internet freedoms  North Korea threatens attack over planned artillery drills in South Korea Antigay curriculum in schools not covered by Equality Act in UK Phone and email records to be stored in new spy plan  Telegraph Thousands of Australians were cut off by floodwaters on Saturday as heavy rain broke river banks across the vast eastern outback and some families battled with deadly snakes for rooftops, rescuers said. Riot police guard Greek assembly as protesters gather Syria's economy may bring down Assad Damascus regime crippled by foreign sanctions and slowly disintegrating Officials say a prison riot in northern Mexico has left about 20 people dead  Indian High Court  rules that the right to abort a pregnancy in a marriage rests with the wife and not husband.  UK government to demand access to all phone & internet user data Icelandic Anger Brings Debt Forgiveness  Since the end of 2008, the islands banks have forgiven loans equivalent to 13 percent of gross domestic product, easing the debt burdens of more than a quarter of the population Two masked gunmen stormed into a small museum at the birthplace of the ancient Olympics in southern Greece on Friday, smashing display cases with hammers and making off with dozens of antiquities up to 3,200 years old, authorities said. Poland withdraws from ACTA ratification India wants Italian ship captain to surrender after marksmen shot dead two Indian fishermen Japanese researchers have released the findings of a study suggesting that the risk of an earthquake measuring magnitude 7 or above striking the Tokyo metropolitan area within the next four years could be as high as 70 percent Future will be shaped by the rise of the angry young man  Europe's finance ministers plan to approve a second bailout for Greece on Monday but HansWerner Sinn, the head of Ifo, a top German economic think tank, warns that the money will only help international banks  not the Greeks. He argues that Greece can only solve its crisis if it quits the euro. Iranian ships reach Syria, China warns of civil war | Reuters Putting Foxconn's Wage Rises in Context AntiApple Protests Have Nothing To Do With It, China is Running Out Of Underemployed Farmers 'Dozens of UN troops seized' in Darfur  Al Jazeera English Afghan Textbooks to Cut Out Much of the Country's Post1973 History  Education has been one of Afghanistan's few bright spots since the Taliban fell, but the government is taking a big step backward. Lloyds Bank strips five directors of more than 1 million in bonuses  Lloyds Banking Group is to strip five directors of more than 1 million in bonuses as a penalty for a financial scandal that cost the taxpayerbacked bank 3.2 billion last year.  Iranians desperate as dark economic clouds gather North Korea raises alert for livefire drill | Reuters The cool new Palestinian geeks Peeks
The West Bank and Gaza Strip is home to hundreds of tech companies, creating everything from websites to smart phone apps. Germany's governing coalition and the two major opposition parties have agreed to jointly nominate Joachim Gauck as the country's presidential candidate. 2 years after the earthquake, Haiti is trying to clear tent cities  International aid workers must get 20,000 poor people living before the National Palace to pack up their meager belongings in the most notorious camp in Haiti & go home... But where's home? South Korea begins livefire military drills despite North Korea's threat to attack Pakistani Taliban Turn to Kidnapping to Finance Operations  NYTimes.com Teenage Tibetan monk selfimmolates, dies ... denouncing Chinese policies in Tibet and demanding the return of the Dalai Lama 2 teens sent to prison for S. Korean bullying suicide Venezuelan republic of crime  The recent kidnapping of Carlos Pujalte, Mexicos ambassador to Venezuela, has cast an unflattering light on the latter countrys declining public safety Biotech crops poised for massive global expansion, agricultural tech group reports | Vancouver Sun Leaked Memo Blows The Lid Off Of The Entire Greek Bailout That everything undertaken so far is destroying the Greek economy, and that further reforms will only make it worse. China tries to bully Norway Standard and Poor are being sued in Australia for the AAA rating they assigned to toxic structuredfinance products Nearly 300 Elephants Slain in Cameroon  There is a Serious Poaching Problem Putin Calls for $772 Billion Upgrade to Rebuild Military Russians revive Ice Age flower from an Ice Age squirrel's treasure chamber, a burrow containing fruit and seeds that had been stuck in the Siberian permafrost for over 30,000 years. Monaco prince bloodied after brawl in NYC bar  The prince & his entourage were being completely obnoxious  Worked to deathWorking conditions are so bad workers in Cambodia collapse due to being exposed to strong chemicals in hot and poorly ventilated environment while working 1214 hours a day. Last year, more than 200,000 workers went to the streets over the issue.  Canada threatens trade war with EU over tar sands  
The row over the EU's plan to label tar sands oil as highly polluting escalates as Canada says it 'will not hesitate to defend its interests' Iran has started a 4day military exercise aimed at protecting its nuclear sites from an attack Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique StraussKahn is being questioned by French police investigating a suspected hotel prostitution ring. Croatian President Invites Anonymous for Consultation over Controversial ACTA Law Researchers have unearthed a forest in northern China preserved under a layer of ash deposited 300,000 years ago. The people in Greece and peripheral countries must wake up to the fact that they are not dealing with reasonable people on the other side of the negotiating table. Civilisation faces 'perfect storm of ecological and social problems' Abuse of the environment has created an 'absolutely unprecedented' emergency, say Blue Planet prizewinners Oil jumps to 9month high above $105 in Europe as Iran cuts supply to Britain, France Iranian military commander has said Iran would take preemptive action against its enemies if it felt its national interests were endangered Mexico Prison Riot Was a Diversion For Escape Portugal plays by the rules, but economy slumps You have young without employment, and you have old people without money, and so there is no future for a country like that. Protests, SelfImmolation Signs of a Desperate Tibet  
Chinese authorities tighten security around Tibet after a series of demonstrations demanding more religious & political freedoms. Selfimmolation protests have led to violent confrontations, & some monasteries are emptying. Japanese mayor denies Nanjing massacre South Korea suicide toll doubles over a decade Iran Warns of PreEmptive Action in Nuclear Dispute Koran Burning at Bargam Air Base Draws the Ire of Thousands Pakistani Interior Minister Wants Interpol to Arrest Pervez Musharraf  Pakistan has never forgiven the former president for the death of former prime minister, Benazir Bhutto, & now will ask Interpol to arrest him for failing to protect her from the deadly 2007 suicide attack that killed her  France to EU Stop Monsanto's Corn Australian Foreign Minister Kevin Rudd resigns Afghan police rescue 41 child suicide bombers as they were about to be smuggled across the mountains into Pakistan Swedish foreign minister has acted as an informant for the United States since the 1970s, says Wikileaks Syria Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Homs  Telegraph Syrian live streamer killed after being watched by millions As the drums beat for war with Iran, the UNs former weapons inspector warns that military intervention would be a disaster Nuclear Inspectors Say Their Mission to Iran Has Failed European Commission suspends ACTA ratification Syria 'Now this is a war' Syria is hitting Homs with world's heaviest mortarsRussian made tulip system The term mademoiselle is about to disappear from French administrative paperwork. Chevron Nigeria gas well fire may burn for months  The fire is burning in a 40mwide area on the surface of the Atlantic Ocean, 10km off the Nigerian coast The U.N. Threat to Internet Freedom  Topdown, international regulation is antithetical to the Net, which has flourished under its current governance model Kevin Rudd resigns as foreign minister of Australia Murderer pardoned after saving hundreds from deadly prison fire EU To Refer ACTA To EU's Top Court For Legal Clarification U.N.s Iran visit ends in failure,  inspection team blocked from visiting key sites and prevented from speaking with Iranian nuclear scientists Two Western Journalists Killed in Syria Shelling American, French journalists killed in Syria Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Homs, Syria Why do Pakistani lawyers want to ban the countrys favourite soft drink? (A clue its made by minorities)  African Leaders Reject U.N. Call For Homosexual Equality
 Iran says it is ready to help identify those behind a series of bomb blasts in Thailand. Swede who survived two months in car 'wanted to hibernate' Finally, Outrage in China Against Bear Farming Imagine a country where the state spends more on preschool child care than on its defence budget. Nearly 30 Buddhist statues at the Maldives National Museum were destroyed by vandals  Officials say the attack was motivated by religious extremism. The collection was totally, totally smashed. The whole preIslamic history is gone.  Church of Scientology in Australia demands right to underpay workers  Syrian leaders listed by UN for crimes against humanity England riots almost 1,000 people jailed so far, figures show. Average sentence of 14.2 months is four times the average jail term handed down by the courts for similar offences in 2010  UN slams Canada for First Nations treatment Giant Argentine train crash kills at least 40, hurts 550 when train plowed into a Buenos Aires platform Syria Tanks enter Homs after 20 day artillery barrage Greek Deal Leaves Europe on the Road to Disaster  If Europes new plan for Greece succeeds, nobody will be more surprised than the politicians who designed it. Wife Admits Slain Iranian Nuke Scientists Ultimate Goal Was the Annihilation of Israel Charlotte Church settles over phone hacking with News 
Corp Why the world isn't intervening in Syria It's being called the 'negative salary.'  Some Greeks might have to pay for their jobs. Youcef Nadarkhani, Iranian pastor, sentenced to death for converting to Christianity 9 die in 2nd day of Afghan protests over Quran burnings Russia warns against 'hasty conclusions' over Iran. In Hong Kong, for the first time, more people identify themselves as Hong Kongers, rather than Chinese. It's a feeling that's at the center of growing discontent between Hong Kong residents and native Chinese China media calls for democracy at World Bank  Afghan soldier kills two NATO troops at protests
| Reuters Mugabe scoffs at calls to retire  In power since 1980, Zimbabwe's president declares himself fit as a fiddle as he celebrates his 88th birthday. The next head of state of Sweden is born today Iran talks failure sparks confrontation fears  The U.N. nuclear watchdog's latest mission to Iran failed to budge a defiant Tehran over its disputed nuclear program, sending oil prices to a ninemonth high over fears of an increasing risk of confrontation with the West. BBC News  US and North Korea hold nuclear talks [Australia] PM Gillard has called for a vote on Monday between her and resigned Foreign Minister Rudd Report London no safer for all its CCTV cameras Woman unknowingly scams more than $30,000 from Nigerian scam artists Lack of Vatican cooperation over child sex abuse led to closure of embassy 2 teens sent to prison for S. Korean bullying suicide Mexican scientists successfully test vaccine that could cut heroin addiction Crisis in Syria Looks Very Different on Satellite Channels Owned by Russia and Iran Japan Earthquake Before and After [pics]
 BBC News  Dutch prince Johan Friso may never wake up Sources Arab nations arming Syrian opposition Protests over Koran Burning  Germany Closes Afghan Military Base Early In Iran, nationalism stirs Faced with sanctions and talk of war, some Iranians are turning inward. Israeli Court Rules To End Military Exemption for the Ultra Orthodox. European Central Bank President Mario Draghi warned beleaguered eurozone countries that there is no escape from tough austerity measures and that the Continent's traditional social contract is gone. Lonely Deaths Family of three, ashamed to ask for help, starves to death in Japan BBC News  Donald Trump accused of bullying Scottish government Iran holds up access to Parchin for better IAEA deal. It is ready to offer access to any sites requested by the agency as part of an agreement under which the IAEA would stop accusing Iran of carrying out covert nuclear weapons experiments. Family of three die from apparent starvation in Japan A president refusing to give up power despite advancing age and legal limits. Young men in the streets throwing rocks at the police while choking on tear gas. That situation was not supposed to happen in Senegal, a rare part of West Africa where free voting has occurred since the late 19th century. News Corp to avoid trial after one hacking case settled  The British newspaper arm of Rupert Murdoch's empire will be spared an embarrassing trial after singer Charlotte Church agreed to a settlement  over phonehacking scandal When Disposing Of Sacred Texts, Respect is Key   
Many religious leaders agree that burial is the most reverent way to handle sacred text 
 
Oilsands vote ends in deadlock  European Union states fail to agree on whether to recognize oil sands, such as those in Canada, as high polluters China deports North Korean defectors Activists say the North Korean refugees face death and beatings back home Incredible Footage Reveals Life Under Siege in Homs, Syria  The 11minute report shows mourners rallying over dead bodies without coffins, children suffering from shrapnel wounds in makeshift hospitals, and armed fighters doing battle with government snipers in the street. Somalia 'air strike kills foreign alShabab militants'. It is unknown who carried out the attack.  Predictions For Syria  


Deeply troubling assessment from reporter recently back from twomonth assignment. Regime can survive for a long time. Syria is crumbling before our eyes, and a thoroughly modern nation is likely to be set back many decades Hamas ditches Assad, backs Syrian revolt Many people with Asperger's syndrome have difficulties in the job market and workplace, but they also have special abilities that many employers crave. A Danish company has found a way to bring the two together and is exporting its successful jobplacement concept to other countries. News of the World had official policy of deleting emails that could be unhelpful in the context of future litigation, despite legal obligation not to do so Canadian man gets arrested after his daughter drew a  picture of a gun in school.  Iran warns Israel not to attack its nuclear facilities  

Iranian general says attack would lead to collapse of Israel amid rising international tension over uranium enrichment North Korea stays afloat with fake U.S. $100s. Supreme Court of India says police attacking protestors who were sleeping in the night is violation of fundamental rights. Afghanistan Nato officers shot dead in Kabul ministry

 One billion people worldwide live in slums, a number that will likely double by 2030. BBC debunks newspaper reports that claimed 55% of Syrians do not want President Assad to resign Canada Ottawa hits pause on Web surveillance act  The Harper government is temporarily parking controversial legislation that would grant new powers to authorities to police the Internet while it consults on how to rewrite it to assuage privacy concerns among Canadians and within caucus. Iran has failed to cooperate with efforts to verify that its nuclear program is purely peaceful,  International Atomic Energy Agency says Pakistani health workers punished for helping U.S. find bin Laden Haiti's prime minister resigns after four months Nelson Mandela admitted to hospital Spanish duke Inaki Urdangarin in court over corruption Ruling favors Berlusconi in corruption trial  Dead bodies to be burned to heat UK swimming pool China mocks international conference to aid Syrian opposition
 Yemen bomb attack 'kills at least 21 people' Myanmar Declares War On Opium  


Reuters reporter visits former conflict area to see Burmese government's campaign to eradicate opium poppies in action. Where poppies thrive not just on cool weather and high altitude, but poverty and conflict BBC News  Church 'does not own marriage' Egyptian woman faces prosecution on Sunday after crackdown on Non Government Organizations (NGOs) Palestinian killed in West Bank clashes  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Why the superrich love the UK Scotland moves toward vote on independence Are They Really Religious?  


An Egyptian author denounces aggressive, superficial Islamic piety. Policemen insist on sacred right to grow beards, yet torture and abuse detainees. Hospital staff abandon patients in intensive care to pray Japanese Ship Violates Shark Fishing Ban  The fishing vessel has been fined $125,000, Marshall Islands officials said, in the 1st levy of its kind in the territory's waters Insult to WWII heroes Graves of British troops smashed and desecrated by Libyan Islamists in protest over U.S. soldiers' Koran burning
 Why The SuperRich Love The UK  


The UK has a gigantic sign hanging over it saying, 'Rich People! Come and Live Here! You Won't Have to Pay Any Tax!' It is an extraordinary policy for any developed nation 2  Missing as Fire Guts Antarctic Research Station  Brazilian navy says fire destroyed the entire station, & is still not under control Nato has withdrawn all its personnel from Afghan ministries Vatican eyes 1,500yearold Bible held in Turkish capital Ordinary Russians train to observe presidential vote  Since the Russian parliamentary election in December, which was widely seen as fraudulent, thousands of people have been volunteering to monitor the presidential vote on 4 March.  Antipiracy group Antipiratbyrn make good on its threats to take filesharing sites offline in Sweden. During the last 48hrs, police in Sweden and the Netherlands swooped on key staff and hardware connected to a longstanding private BitTorrent tracker Kim Jong Um threatens powerful retaliatory strike  China faces political pressure as it considers sending 30 refugees back to North Korea.  Ai Weiwei declares Police in China can do whatever they want; after 81 days in arbitrary detention you clearly realise that they dont have to obey their own laws, Ai says when I finally sit down with the burly, bearded artist in a room adjoining his home studio. Zimbabwe HIVpositive maid laces child's porridge with menstrual blood  72 yr old Nepalese Pensioner crowned world's shortest man. Britain leads dash to explore for oil in wartorn Somalia | World news | The Observer A strong earthquake has struck southern Taiwan France bans the use of 'mademoiselle' in official documents after advocacy campaign by French feminist organisations Dare To Be Feminist and The Watchdogs. Human chain formed by thousands during AntiPutin protest
 G20 inches toward $2 trillion in rescue funds  Tibet Does China care what other countries have to say? China is quick to censor discussion about Tibet inside its own borders. Colombia's FARC to free captives, stop kidnapping for ransom One dead, dozens trapped in Ontario train derailment Malaysian protest over rare earths refinery plan Rising oil costs strain debtridden Europe WHO Declares India PolioFree! East Africa's highspeed internet access is severely disrupted after a ship dropped its anchor onto fibreoptic cables off Kenya's coast. 89 Percent of Syrians Voted to Keep Assad in Power until 2028 North Korea Ready to go to war with U.S., South Korea  CNN.com WikiLeaks begins disclosing intelligence firm's emails Beijing's Feral Cat Problem Comes Back With a Vengeance  Four years after cleansing the city of its strays in advance of the Olympics, somewhere between 500,000 and 5 million cats have returned to the city.
 Iranian film 'A Separation' wins Oscar for Best Foreign Film, pleas for the people of Iran to be recognized for their contributions to culture Nobel Peace Prize jury announces 231 nominees have been submitted including Bradley Manning and Al Jazeera 22 Carnival Cruise Ship Passengers Robbed in Mexico  The tourists were on a bus in the jungle near Puerto Vallarta when hooded gunmen took cameras, money, watches & other valuables. One cruise line had already suspended  stops in Puerto Vallarta because of the  drug war.  Murdoch's Sun had 'culture of illegal payments' to officials says police chief UK Chancellor's simple truth  There is no more money. EFF This Isn't a Hoax Pakistan Requests Proposals for a National Filtering and Blocking System Farmers Helpless as New Virus Attacks Lambs  A 1,000 farms across Europe have been hit by a disease causing 1000s of dead births or deformities resulting in death. Nobody knows how bad it'll get, as the lambing season is not even in full swing. The disease is invisible until birth.

 North Korea says it is ready for a war with US and South Korea  Armed Thai Officials Raid Wildlife Center After Chief Criticizes Elephant Poaching    They took 103 animals from the center, which is partly funded by Australians, who say many, including endangered species, were injured by the men, some in balaclavas to hide their identities.


 Latin American Authorities Worried Entire Prison System About to Explode  The drug war has placed astonishing strains on what were already corrupt, crumbling prisons, which serve as lucrative postings for civil servants who collect bribes from inmates FARC says theyll stop kidnapping ... possible first steps towards peace talks after decades of conflict with Columbian govt. WikiLeaks publishes security think tank emails AntiPutin protesters form human chain in Moscow Afghanistan rises in revolt against US occupation as a US colonel and major were killed by an Afghan official, who was then reportedly allowed to walk out of the building by Afghan security Norways Statoil  has discovered oil 120 miles off the Brazilian coast in the Atlantic Ocean  Statoil is calling the field a highimpact discovery Via Rail derails west of Toronto, unconfirmed reports of passengers trapped Russia averts plot to assassinate Putin. Putin blasts Western countries for abusing human rights rhetoric Himalayan Sherpas Lament Climate Change Devastation  On the ground, mountain communities are already alarmed by dramatic shifts in weather patterns.  Right from the beginning we saw the effects of climate change on tea plantations in Ilam district. Guatemala, Colombia, and Mexico are considering the regional legalization of the drug trade Italians welcome a proposal to cut out tax exemptions for the Catholic Church Iran Calls for Negotiations on Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapons  calls nuclear arms production a great sin India grinds to a halt as historic 24hour strike by 11 banking, transportion and governmental trade unions Canada Widespread electoral fraud under investigation. Tory robocall scandal widens as complaints flood from nearly 30 ridings  The Globe and Mail South Korea's parliament has passed a resolution demanding that China stops the repatriation of North Korean refugees. Corporations hired Stratfor to spy on activists, according to emails obtained by Anonymous and Wikileaks.  Occupy London protest camp eviction under way  BBC Israeli officials have reportedly let it be known that they won't give their United States counterparts a heads up if the country decides to launch an airstrike against Iran.  WikiLeaks says Stratfor emails to expose sinister spies and insider traders  Russia's Aging, Lonely Leader  

German filmmaker wins Vladimir Putin's confidence, shoots intimate profile. Behind the toughguy facade he claims to discover a joyless, exhausted loner, soon to turn 60 and stubbornly fending off physical decline BBC News  French election Hollande wants 75% tax on top earners Syria referendum called a sham Only 5% of the population turned out to vote Canada Wildlife Officers Kill 145 Black Bears in Tar Sands Region MEGAUPLOAD Kim Dotcom may be going back to jail New Section of The Great Wall Discovered in Mongolia  A British explorer unearths an extension of the world wonder, the 1st section believed to exist outside China's borders Top French court strikes down law punishing the denial of the Armenian genocide as unconstitutional as it infringes on freedom of expression. Meanwhile in Athens  after finally starting a new cafe/bookstore, the owner is not allowed to sell or give away coffee or to actually sell books.   Syria storms out of U.N. rights meeting For sale French village.  Asking price $475,000 S&P Declares Greece in Default Intelligence officials say Israel not planning to tell the US in advance of any strike on Iran. Fresh footage shows Indonesian abattoir cruelty Argentina turns away UK cruise ships  

2 liners prevented from docking at Ushuaia on country's southern tip as tensions build over future of Falkland Islands Anonymous Hits Interpol Site After 25 Arrested. Interpol arrests 25 suspected members of Anonymous hackers group James Murdoch Quits as News International Chairman 13 Syrians die attempting to rescue foreign journalists from Homs Nearly 450 Elephants Killed in Cameroon North Korea agrees to stop nuclear enrichment WikiLeaks Russia Gave Israel Codes for Irans TorM1s [missile defense system] in exchange for UAV codes sold to Georgia, Turkey working with Israel to crack S300 missile should Russia sell them to Iran Copyright Legislation (SOPA) signed into law in Ireland today Interpol website suffers 'Anonymous cyberattack'following Interpol's announcement of the arrest of 25 suspected members of the hacking group. Russians head to the polls soon to choose a new president  who will likely be an old president. Vladimir Putin is expected to win reelection relatively easy, but there's growing discontent with him and political corruption in Russia, which has sent thousands into the street in protest Why China's Urbanization Isn't Creating a Middle Class  The nation's infamous twotier classification system prevents rural migrants from rising up in cities. Over the past year eight of the world's top 10 drugmakers  Pfizer Inc, Novartis AG, Merck & Co Inc, Sanofi, AstraZeneca, GlaxoSmithKline Plc, Johnson & Johnson and Eli Lilly & Co  have all warned that they may face liabilities related to charges of corruption in numerous overseas markets. The Arctic Keeper of the World's Seeds Turns 4  For its birthday, Svalbard will receive seeds from wartorn Syria & celebrate years of success preserving our inheritance from Neolithic times Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin The Americans are obsessed with the idea of securing absolute invulnerability for themselves, which, incidentally, is a utopia, for both technological and geopolitical reasons. Dictators' wives how the west is wooed by the pretty faces of tyranny. Glamourous lives earn them fawning spreads in magazines like Vogue. But at home they inspire dread, with tales of confiscating people's homes and punishing servants with boiling water.



 James Murdoch resigns as chairman of News International. Employees should consider using strike action to disrupt the Olympics as part of their campaign against the government's spending cuts, the leader of Britain's biggest union has declared Israel shuts down Palestinian TV in raid  CNN.com Egypt Got Ahead of Itself Arresting 'Top Al Qaeda Leader'  arrests the wrong man Anonymous brings down Interpol website in retaliation for the arrest of 25 alleged members. Tens of thousands of students protested education spending cuts in big cities across Spain on Wednesday, and the demonstrations turned violent in Barcelona as angry young adults clashed with police. Japan police raid proNorth Korea group's offices Syrian President Bashar alAssad could be classified as a war criminal, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said as the United Nations announced more than 7,500 civilians had been killed by his forces since the start of the revolt. Interpol said Tuesday that 25 suspected members of the looseknit Anonymous hacker movement have been arrested in a sweep across Europe and South America. How Gogol Explains The PostSoviet World  

Here is a not entirely frivolous suggestion How about skipping the political science textbooks when it comes to trying to understand the former Soviet Union and instead opening up the pages of Gogol, Chekhov, and Dostoyevsky? The Arab League No longer toothless?  CNN.com Megaupload Founder Defeats US Govt Attempts To Put Him Back In Prison End 'destructive' war on pot, panel urges Canadian PM  News Australian philosophers have published an article advocating for the moral right to a postbirth abortion SOPA Ireland Signed Into Law Ireland has passed new legislation that allows copyright holders to force Internet providers to block pirate websites A couple who tortured and killed 15yearold Kristy Bamu in their London flat after accusing him of witchcraft have been found guilty of murder Britain was no longer safe territory for Murdoch Jr. Described in the Commons as the first mafia boss in history who didn't know he was running a criminal enterprise Anger Erupts Again Over China's Bear Bile Farms  In a secretly shot video, a Chinese farmer holds up a bag of yellowish bile he has just extracted from a caged bear  Only 19% of Israelis Support a Unilateral Strike on Iran With the Eurovision Song Contest fast approaching, the government of Azerbaijan has ruthlessly evicted an estimated 60,000 people from their homes near downtown Baku. British Lord forced to resign after Israel will not last claim My Drone War  


What it's like when America's secret war, conducted by remote control, comes to your neighbourhood. Then I heard the buzzing, far above our heads  like a bee, but heavier and unceasing, drifting in and out Irish SOPA made law 
 Unemployment in Europe has risen to its highest level since the introduction of the euro. Russia upgrades radar station in Syria to aid Iran Dutch mobile euthanasia clinic ready to go Lifeend Clinic will send teams to the homes of patients' whose doctors refuse to carry out the procedure Qatar crosses the Syrian Rubicon 63m to buy weapons for the rebels Iran recently offered to supply Pakistan with tens of thousands barrels of oil per day, a Pakistani official said Thursday. The deal would help ease the country's chronic energy shortages while guaranteeing Tehran a home for some of its crude. In A Baghdad ER  


Iraqi junior doctor describes dealing with female patients. Lots brought in after attempted suicides. Stopping them dying is beginning and end of treatment. Abused and damaged women are then returned whence they came Indonesia's Endangered Sumatran Tiger's Habitat Pulped for Paper   Threatened trees in the rainforest are being illegally chopped down & sent to factories to be turned into paper (With Video) China drafts legal proposal to completely shut down genetically engineered rice Pakistan rejects US pressure on IranPakistan gas pipeline project The Warlord and the Basketball Star  Dikembe Mutombo and an energy executive tried to buy gold in Kenya, only to find themselves mired in Congo's dangerous world of conflict minerals  and totally outmatched.
 A mindboggling 40,000 trillion becquerels of radioactive cesium, or twice the amount previously thought, may have spewed from the crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant after the March 11 disaster, scientists say. Hong Kong Airlines Ltd has threatened to cancel its order for 10 A380s with Airbus  a value of $3.8 billion  over Europe's decision to make flights pay for their carbon emissions. We cannot do something which is against our country's interests, it quoted president Yang Jianhong as saying.  North Korea What does 240,000 metric tons of food mean?  AntiSec dumps Monsanto data on the Web Your continued attack on the worlds food supply, as well as the health of those who eat it, has earned you our full attention. Your crimes against humanity are too many to name on one page. Legalization gains support in Central America Guatemalan President Otto Perez has invigorated the drug legalization debate in Central America, where leaders are under pressure to contain staggering crime rates and battle violent drug cartels. EU Google's new privacy policy is illegal South Africans try poisoning horns to save rhinos  Accusations of witchcraft are part of growing pattern of child abuse in UK  African groups warn that boom in pentecostal churches and belief in 'kindoki' are causing more children to suffer in silence These Are The World's Most Powerful Mercenary Armies England's police forces are to be mostly privatised in an attempt to save money Elections Canada begins investigations on 31,000 complaints regarding potential electoral fraud by the Conservative Party during the most recent election. Overfishing Leaves Swaths of Mediterranean Barren, an Unprecedented Study Concludes   We found a huge gradient, an enormous contrast. Off Spain & Italy, we found the largest fish biomass in the Mediterranean.  Unfortunately, around Turkey & Greece, the waters are bare. Police Censor Google, Facebook and 8,000 Other Sites by Accident UK photographer Paul Conroy  Syria 'is slaughterhouse  Says attacks on the city of Homs were a systematic slaughter of the civilian population Oceans acidifying at fastest rate in 300 million years. Russian Election Workers 'Paid To Vote Putin' As Myanmar moves ahead with a set of reforms that have included the release of political prisoners, the country's government is also opening up its media. In some cases they've ended prepublication censorship entirely and in others they've greatly reduced the restrictions Peeing Frenchman sues Google for making him 'laughing stock' Cairos hijabfree zones trigger cries of hypocrisy ... Feeling besieged, this segment seems willing to accept and even embrace the kind of steps that would prompt a discrimination lawsuit and cries of Islamaphobia if they were attempted in the US or Europe  Furniture giant Ikea paid for secret police files to spy on complaining customers and suspicious staff at stores in France. Community reaction to 'destructive' war on marijuana warning Mexico adopts surveillance legislation that will grant the police warrantless access to real time user location data Organ Thieves Busted in Ukraine Muslims in Germany  Study Hints that Mutual Suspicion Is Slowing Integration Somali alShabab base captured outside Mogadishu  A major base of Somalia's alShabab militants has been captured on the outskirts of the capital by government troops backed by African Union forces. Novartis takes the Indian government to court over its patent law, in a move that threatened access to affordable medicines. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Friday said his country had no special relationship with the Syrian regime, adding that it was up to the Syrians to decide who should run their country A Global Icon is Reborn Londoners meet city's new $36,000 per seat red bus