 In China, the rich and powerful can hire body doubles to do their prison time for them. Woman turned to police to investigate claims of official involvement in trafficking in human beings and subsequently sent to jail for trying to expose corruption involving public officials French President Francois Hollande has made good on a campaign pledge to make the wealthiest in France pay up to 75 percent income tax.  All 330 US drone attacks in Pakistan mapped with details of the 3,247 casualties  Donald Trump destroys Scotland  Greed and arrogance win when the mogul decides to build a golf course in an environmentally pristine location  Sweden says ambassador to Belarus expelled for being too supportive of human rights. Israel helps India clean up the Ganges river | Environment More than 1,000 march in Jerusalem's 10th Gay Pride Parade British ships banned from docking in Buenos Aires Ships flying the British ensign have been banned from docking in Argentina's largest province under a new law passed yesterday.  For the first time since 1998 more money leaves China than enters it, as it incurs its first Balance of Payments deficit Mortar shells kill 20 Palestinians Satellite imagery show rate of deforestation of the Amazon is at record low Japan Upper House passes ACTA almost unanimously [link to House of Councillors vote tally] China Steps Up Curbs on Muslims Authorities in Xinjiang ban public religious activities during the holy month of Ramadan.
 Three Strikes AntiPiracy Budget Too Expensive To Justify Says French Culture Minister '...Internet disconnections are a disproportionate way to deal with infringement.' British ambassador to Israel Israel losing international support due to settlement expansion and lack of peace process Chinese teen kills nine in knife attack reports Kim tells China that his priority is to develop the decaying economy and improve living standards in North Korea
 Mexican farmers fear losing traditions, livelihood as Monsanto wins GMO planting rights in Mexicos Yucatan Peninsula 'The move by Monsanto, farmers say, continues a corporate agenda made possible through the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement.'  Femen stage topless antiIslamist Olympic protest in London Members of Ukrainian female protest group Femen demonstrate in London to draw attention to what they call bloody Islamist regimes taking part in the Olympics. Moscow sending 3 large navy ships with marines aboard to a Russian naval facility in the Syrian port of Tartus Lebanese marijuana growers fight security forces, two hurt Putin requests leniency for Pussy Riot punks   Three female members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot, who are facing trial and jail terms of up to seven years for performing a protest inside Moscow's main cathedral, should not be judged so harshly, President Vladimir Putin said Thursday.  HSBC To Pay More Than $2 Billion In Penalties CEO said revelations of lax antimoney laundering controls had been shameful and embarrassing for Europe's biggest bank Brazil court orders Chevron to stop drilling  Chevron and Transocean given 30 days to suspend drilling pending probes into two oil spills off coast of Rio de Janeiro. British couple of Pakistani descent sentenced to 25 years minimum for honour killing of daughter Israeli settlers graffiti Palestinians should die and plant an improvised explosive device under a car in Ramallah Palestinian billionaire Munib alMasri's retort to Mitt Romney's claims Pussy Riot trial 'worse than Soviet era', guards with submachine guns throwing reporters out at will, judge refusing to allow testimony of 10 witnesses for the defense Girl denied permission to study engineering, kills self  India  Rajasthan  ibnlive ExMexico governor pleads guilty to laundering $19M from Jurez drug cartel The decay of Athens Olympic venues Street Harassment in Belgium  a documentary about sexist insults on the street endured by women daily in ethnically diverse, lowclass communities US will refuse bid to give United Nations control over the internet North Koreans in desperate need of food after floods  CNN.com India plans to send a probe to mars and a wheeled 
rover to the moon. Himachal Pradesh to Give Solar Lamps at Remote NonElectrified Villages  Solar lanterns are to be distributed among sheep & goat breeders in remote & tribal areas. About 4,337 lanterns will be provided by Himurja, a staterun agency that's promoting use of nonconventional energy. Four children killed by Haiti witch doctor official Acid attacks against women on the rise in Colombia U.N. to send first food aid to floodhit North Korea As sanctions decimate Iranian middle class, people are becoming more dependent on the state and more fearful of engaging in civil activism Egypt demands release of Guantanamo detainee  Scores of Iranian pilgrims abducted in Damascus  Bus with 48 Iranians  missing. The pilgrims were seized by armed groups on the Damascus airport road as they returned from a religious shrine.  France has seized the 118 million Paris mansion of Equatorial Guinea leader Teodoro Obiang Nguema's family as part of a corruption investigation involving his son  Pussy Riot trial 'worse than Soviet era' Judge refuses to allow 10 defence witnesses while lawyer claims women are being tortured with lack of food and sleep
 Iran tests upgraded version of shortrange missile In Afghanistan, U.S. Packs War Gear for the Movers l NYTimes.com U.S. Discreetly Planning for PostAssad Syria Poland considers asking repayment of a 400yearold loan taken out by Spanish King Phillip II.  The original 430,000 Gold Ducat loan is valued at 56.7 million Euros in today's money before computing interest. Russia denies plans to send ships to Syria, says Annan needs to be urgently replaced Vast international childporn network uncovered, 43 men arrested Police paraded us naked in public.   Several Pakistani police suspended after accusations they paraded a couple naked in public. Mobile phone footage shows a naked man being beaten by police & a woman begging them to let her cover herself. Israels Fading Democracy  NYTimes.com Palestinian bid for UN status will most likely succeed, but will not bring them closer to statehood and peace with Israel says Israel UN envoy African diplomats in Israel We're afraid to walk down streets.  Chinese police have detained almost 2,000 people in a nationwide sweep on fake drugs, seizing more than $180 million worth of counterfeit products and destroying some 1,100 production facilities Sweden counterjihad rally outnumbered by antiracists The War on Women in Colombia Includes Horrifying Acid Attacks In Turkey, construction workers uncovered part of the ancient city of Antioch  Layers include a Romanera mosaic measuring over 9,000 sq ft. A hotel & a museum will sit above the site.  This is an example of coordination between cultural heritage & modern urban development.  Mass grave in London reveals how volcano caused global catastrophe  
Scientists search for the explosive source of a disaster that wiped out almost 1/3 of Londoners in 1258 Robert Fisk Syria's ancient treasures pulverised  Riot Leaves an Egyptian Village Without Christians Faced with an MHRA crackdown on unlicensed medicines, one of Britain's leading manufacturers of homeopathic remedies has indicated it would be prepared to relabel its products 'confectionery' to circumvent regulation Syrian TV host kidnapped, executed by Islamists Greek Police Detains 1,130 Immigrants  They  vowed not to relent in their efforts to evict undocumented immigrants after a sweep they  in central Athens over the weekend. We must send the message that Greece cannot afford work and hospitality.  China calls in U.S. diplomat over South China Sea US drone strike killed leader of a major Uzbek militant group closely allied with Al Qaeda, according to the group Senior Damascus intelligence officer defects to Jordan TV
| Reuters Standard & Poors has downgraded 15 Italian banks, saying Italy faces a potentially deeper and more prolonged recession than the ratings agency had originally anticipated. As Syrian War Roils, Sectarian Unrest Seeps Into Turkey  They were there to kill us, said Servet Evli, who was hiding in his bedroom with his pregnant wife and terrified daughter, both so afraid that they urinated through their clothes.  BBC News  Syria conflict jihadists from anywhere but Syria  Photographer 'held by UK jihadists' Acid attacks on women in Colombia on the rise, experts say Nigeria gunmen storm oil ship, kill 2 native sailors and kidnap 4 foreign officers Congo rebellion ravaging women and children Radioactive cesium found in Japans fish, seawater NASA's Curiosity rover has successfully landed on Mars! The first pictures are expected shortly. (Guardian liveblog) Pakistani wife in disputed marriage gunned down in court by her brother The latest 'honour killing' in Hyderabad has shocked people because the family is middle class and it happened in open court Banks In Libor Inquiry Are Said To Be Trying To Spread Blame Major banks, which often band together when facing government scrutiny, are now turning on one another as an international investigation into the manipulation of interest rates gains momentum. News coming out of Ukraine following a massive DDoS attack Demonoid has now been busted by local authorities  a source in the countrys Interior Ministry says that the action was scheduled to coincide with Deputy Prime Minister Valery Khoroshkovskys trip to the United States Syrian Prime Minister Defects to Jordan Japanese launch 4.5tonne guntoting robot controlled by smartphone Safe sex? Indonesia would rather its sex workers got Aids. Religious intolerance is undermining the fight against Asia's fastestgrowing HIV epidemic MPAA Recruits Surrogates to Support Extradition of UK Student '...MPAA experiencing problems finding allies to support the extradition of UK student Richard ODwyer  it is recruiting third party surrogates to write opeds and blog posts which back their position.'
 Drilling discovers ancient Antarctic rainforest  Turkish troops kill 115 Kurdish rebels as offensive blocks escape routes to Iraq Wealthy elite are worried about their Cayman Islands tax haven. A group of Upper Egypt children hold an impromptu protest march carrying signs saying that they had lights while President Morsi was visiting their village, but it was cut off once he left Physician calls for an end to bikini waxing Couple jailed for racist attack on daughter, 17 Zambian miners kill Chinese supervisor and injure another in pay dispute  Workers angry over mining company's failure to raise wages in line with a directive from the Lusaka government Armed militants attack Egyptian army outpost, try to infiltrate Israel border Rebirth of the Wolf Has French Greens at Each Other's Throats   Battle ignites as wolves encroach on sheepfarming land. Wolves are being seen this summer for 1st time since the 1920s.  Jos Bov, sheep farmerturnedenvironmental campaigner, is calling for the them to be shot. In Somali capital, a year without Islamist militia  

One year after the forced departure of Islamist militia Al Shabab, Mogadishu is rebuilding and prospering. But residents worry the group may return. Syria Prime Minister Riad Hijab 'defects' to Jordan Chinese police arrested 137 people, among them doctors, suspected of trafficking human organs in a nationwide crime ring that profited from the huge demand for transplants, authorities said. 'Bootleg chicken' sold for record prices in Iran Syria rebels admit kidnapping 48 Iranians in Damascus Saying Mali Is Our Country, Militias Train to Oust Islamists. The youngsters have something the regular Malian Army here appears to lack a fierce will to undo the jihadist conquest of northern Mali German Minister Warns Foreign Policy Debate Taking Very Dangerous Tone   His comment came after Italian Premier Monti warned of tensions that bear the traits of a psychological dissolution of Europe, & a German  official said Greece must leave the euro.  Unknown assailants lay siege to a Red Cross residential building in Misrata, Libya  prompting the agency to withdraw staff from two cities In world's 1st commercial deepsea mining project, Canadian firm will mine for gold & copper in Papua New Guinea's seabed,  despite vehement objections over threat to marine life   Nautilus Minerals has been granted a 20yr license 

 Honour killing evolves Punjab girl hires contract killers to eliminate parents for opposing her marriage Chinese mother rescues 11 yearold daughter from brothel; sentenced to labor camp for protesting lenient punishment of the men New Zealand volcano erupts Bodyguard fears Assange may face death Kim Dotcom accuses New Zealand police of beating him during arrest.  Three female members of Pussy Riot, a Russian punk band, face prison on hooliganism charges. Band member's husband gives his diary account of five extraordinary days in a Moscow court Leaked MPAA memo shows that how they plan to deal with TV Shack and the extradition of Richard O'Dwyer The first known Gay Wedding was conducted in Muslimmajority Malaysia and where sodomy is outlawed, risking the ire of the government who has all but declared war on homosexuality Demonoid Operators Face Criminal Investigation in Mexico In Mexico a criminal case against the owners of Demonoid has been initiated and the tracker is charged with intellectual property rights violations British army considering switching to the same environmentally friendly, green bullets used by Scandinavian armies. Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood blames Sinai attack on Mossad British Bank Accused of Hiding About 250 Billion Dollars of Transactions With Iranians 'Londoner against Londoner' UK fighters held journalist captive in Syria | The two men were immediately seized by around 30 fighters when they entered the camp, which they had thought belonged to the Free Syrian Army. The journalists soon realized none of the fighters was Syrian.
 11yearold girl married to 40yearold man UK court jails parents for life over honor killing of teen daughter An unmanned Russian rocket and its payload of two communications satellites has failed to reach orbit, the latest in a series of failures that has dogged Moscow's space programme. London Olympics Cameroon athletes 'abscond' French Catholic Church to pray against upcoming gay marriage law Monsoon rains swamp Philippine capital, markets shut  
Saying Mali Is Our Country, Militias Train to Oust Islamists Iranian Chief of Staff Turkey is next after Syria French air force chief named NATO supreme commander Russia Suicide Bombers Strike at Military Unit in Chechnya Conservative German Party asks for equal taxation for married gay couples Thousands of UK Workers 'Blacklisted' Over Political Views. Corporations in the UK used a secret blacklisting database to screen out left wing troublemakers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits. Ireland abandoning religion faster than almost every other country Pharma giant Pfizer fined for bribing officials in Eastern Europe and China | The Raw Story US starts landmark Agent Orange cleanup in Vietnam Interpol issues arrest warrant for Sea Shepherd chief MEXICO CITY (AP)  Mexican archaeologists say they have found an unprecedented human burial in which the skeleton of a young woman is surrounded by piles of 1,789 human bones in Mexico City's Templo Mayor 'A business in Wales is bussing in inmates from an open prison 21 miles away and paying them just 3 a day to man its call centre' In Scotland, humanist weddings are overtaking religious ones; if current trends continue, there will be more humanist wedding celebrations than Church of Scotland marriages in three years' time Critically endangered grey nurse shark washes ashore after her fins were slashed off  An investigation is under way on the NSW coast. The shark was still alive when it was found on the beach & suffered a slow, cruel death.  Price for fins is soaring. Iran vows it will not allow Assad to fall Egypt admits it ignored Israeli warnings of attack  Intelligence chief says no action taken because they didnt believe a Muslim would kill another Muslim during break fast Like a water world  The Philippines is drowning  BBC News  In pictures Rare snow in Johannesburg Outraged Lebanese demand end to anal exams on gay men South Korea to restart Iranian oil imports. Refiners say Tehran has offered to pay $1bn insurance. Corporations in the UK who used a secret blacklisting database to screen out left wing troublemakers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits are facing renewed scrutiny after the UKactivist group Liberty called for a fresh investigation Egypt army kills 20 militants in Sinai says offical Why India Shouldnt Criticize U.S. on Sikh Shooting Indian politicians condemning America for gun violence against its Sikh population forget India's own past. How Latin America is reinventing the war on drugs Russian general denies reports he was killed by FSA  Israel News, Ynetnews Nigerian Oil Still Poisons The Landscape After 
Promised CleanUp Iran backs Assad in Syria crisis and blames 'warmongering' US New fossil skull from Africa reveals tangled roots at base of the human family tree Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo Egypt launches Sinai air strikes Military officials say helicopters fired missiles and killed 20 'terrorists' after latest attacks on security checkpoints
 Islamist sect found living underground near Russian city for nearly 10 years  many of the children had never seen daylight  Germany's top court has ruled that homosexual couples must receive a tax benefit available to heterosexual married couples. The verdict comes as the ruling CDU debates making samesex couples more equal in tax law.  A Roman trading ship from the time of the Caesars has been discovered off the coast of Italy, reportedly in such good condition that some of the food may still be preserved inside the storage jars. Bolivia to ban CocaCola to mark the 'end of capitalism' Parkinsons Sufferer Arrested for Not Smiling at Olympic Mens Cycling Race  wikileaks under DDOS attack again  Superpower Denied? Why Chinas Rise May Have Already Peaked How a toxic mix of economic, demographic, environmental, political, and international challenges could end China's ascent. Sikhs angry at protests against US in India A majority of Australians believe the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange would not receive a fair trial should he ever be extradited to the United States
 Poland Searches for Remains of WW2 Hero  Witold Pilecki fought in three wars and even volunteered to be imprisoned at Auschwitz to send out intelligence reports. But, after the war, he was executed for opposing Poland's new communist leaders. Now the authorities are searching for his remains. Religiosity Plummets In Ireland And Declines Worldwide; Atheism On The Rise  U.S. Navy Rescues 10 From Iranian Ship on Fire  ABC News Anthropologists have discovered three human fossils that are between 1.78 and 1.95 million years old. The specimens are of a face and two jawbones with teeth. Ikea brand sold for 75 billion kronor (9 billion+ Euros)  The Local Dubai Now Major Global Supplier of Shark Fins   It's also the auction point for fins  from its own waters, plus Oman &  other Middle East & African nations.   China's vast & growing appetite for shark fin soup has caused shark stocks to drop drastically.   It's estimated some species have lost 90%. New French government moves against Roma camps Global Food Reserves Falling As Drought Wilts Crops Spanish Mayor & supporters in southern Spain occupy Ministry of Defense land, lead town residents on 'Robin Hood' style raids, expropriating food from multinational supermarkets. Says, someone has to do something so that families can eat. U.S. gives military aid to nations with child soldiers  Washington Times Pakistani Taliban threaten to kill Imran Khan Militant group say they will kill 'infidel' politician if he holds march to their stronghold to protest against US drone attacks Chile cracks down on violent student protest  Police use water cannons on crowd and arrest 75 protesters who returned to streets of Santiago to demand free education. Rohingya Muslims persecuted by Rakhine Buddhists and Myanmar forces in Burma More Abandoned Children As Europe Austerity Wears On The rise in the abandonment of infants across Europe is most visible in the spread of aby hatches' or oxes' across Europe, where unwanted infants are left anonymously. Conservative Australian Prime Minister Howard bashes U.S. gun culture in OpEd Colombia Drug Lord 'Sebastian' Arrested  He was head of underworld organisation  Office of Envigado, which  killed more people than any other criminal network in Colombia in the last 10 years.  This is the hardest blow against Colombia's criminal organisations this year.  The Libor scandal is the largest financial scandal of alltime, but receiving almost no TV coverage. Here is a complete package of news articles on the matter.  Commerzbank stops speculating on basic food prices Germany's secondbiggest lender, Commerzbank, says it will no longer participate in market speculation on basic food prices. The bank says it has removed all agricultural products from its funds for moral reasons. Virgin Australia review after 'pedophile' complaint A NSW firefighter felt ashamed when a flight attendant asked him to move seats because men are banned from sitting next to unaccompanied children Yemen officials seize 40 belts packed with explosives and thwart an al Qaeda cell plot. JPMorgan Chase Libor Subpoenas Coming From Everybody In The World  Drunk Norwegian tourist falls asleep on airport baggage belt, travels for 15 minutes before being spotted on Xray scan UN demands US biofuel suspension  BBC World overusing underground water reserves for agriculture France expels first Roma under Hollande Continuing a practice that had been criticized when Nicolas Sarkozy was president, France has dismantled two camps of Roma in Lille. It's the first raid on a camp since Francois Hollande took office in May.  Saudi will fire at Israeli jets in Iran attack Japans Demographic Nightmare If trends continue, Japan's population will be cut in half by the end of the century.  FBI Monitored Dotcom Raid Via Live Video Link, Secret Govt Group Involved 'Under questioning from a defense lawyer, a senior police officer has admitted that top New Zealand officers and members of the FBI watched the raid live via video link.' Undersea volcano nearby New Zealand creates 25,000sq km pumice 'island', now floating in the south pacific. Pussy Riot Russia's deputy prime minister calls Madonna a whore | GlobalPost Church prayer angers French gay rights groups   A tradition will be revived in France next week when a Prayer for France will be read out at Catholic churches across the country. The text, which attacks the governments plan to legalise samesex marriage, has angered Frances gay rights groups.  At least 70 journalists around the world have been killed in the last six months, making it one of the most deadliest years ever for the media. The far right in Europe is rising in many European countries in spite of its inability to provide a coherent economic message Dozens dead in attacks in Acapulco, San Luis Potosi, Mexico City  latimes.com Hard landing for China as factory prices fall and deflation looms Facebook 'should help pay for illegal parties' according to German state interior ministers Islamists in Northern Mali Amputate Mans Hand  NYTimes.com At Afghan orphanage, friends from different sides of the warIn Kandahar, where vengeance and pride so often dictate action, two boys might have been expected to inherit their fathers allegiances. Instead, they started fresh, embracing each other. After 40 Years, U.S. to Clean Up Agent Orange in Vietnam. Nepal Bans Young Women From Seeking Work In Middle East Over Exploitation Fears  Indonesia, Sri Lanka and the African nation of Kenya have also implemented or proposed similar bans on women going to the Middle East to work. Sinai Egypt tribes back offensive against militants The FBI justified the insane raid of Kim Dotcom's mansion by saying that it suspected Dotcom had a 'doomsday' device that could wipe out evidence of internet piracy around the world. Saudi Arabia Won't Let Israel Cross Airspace To Attack Iran UN Pleads With US to Curtail Ethanol Production To Prevent Famine Stratfor emails reveal secret, widespread TrapWire surveillance system Vietnam workers kept like slaves at factory in Russia Israel's prime minister and defense minister would like to attack Iran's nuclear sites before the U.S. election in November but lack crucial support within their cabinet and military, an Israeli newspaper said on Friday. Montreal Student Riots, Quebec's SpeechKilling Bill 78, & Something Called the Anarchopanda Indian minister says bureaucrats 'can steal a little' A provincial minister in India's most populous state has sparked a scandal after suggesting to bureaucrats that they could steal a little if they performed well in their duties.  Resistant Gonorrhea CDC Says Just One Drug Left Exactly 6 months after warning that gonorrhea was becoming untreatable by the last two drugs commonly used against it, CDC has taken one of those drugs off the table, leaving just one antibiotic available to treat the disease No mans land Womenonly city planned for Saudi Arabia  RT Parkinson's man arrested at Olympic cycling for not smiling I was arrested on 'suspicion of being about to cause a public order offence' or something like that. Chavez highlights arrest of US 'marine mercenary' | News   A Libyan army general, with a senior defence ministry role, has been shot dead in the eastern city of Benghazi. Middle Eastern Gauss malware could be state sponsored Code linked to Flame and Stuxnet attacks Spanish police thwart Mexican cartel attempting to set up in Europe  Spanish police, working closely with the FBI, have smashed an attempt by Mexico's biggest drugs cartel to setup in Europe.  Mexican cartel 'thwarted' in Spain India's enduring problem with malnutrition a national shame. Millions of children suffering from severe malnutrition. The Royal Spanish Academy, the arbiter of the Spanish language, will add Espanglish (Spanglish) to its 2014 dictionary and experts believe the future of the Spanish language is in the US, not Spain or Mexico. At least 50 killed, 400 injured in northwest Iran quakes [ Sat Aug 11, 2012 1546 pm (GMT) ] Vietnamese Airline, VietJetAir, Fined for InFlight Bikini Show  ABC News Two strong earthquakes struck northwest Iran on Saturday and at least 50 people were taken to hospital, but there were no reports of any deaths, Iranian media said. Belarus KGB summons Swedish teddy bear stunt team Fossils found in Kenya hint at distant cousins to our ancestors Jordanian military clashes with Syrian military, 0 Jordanian deaths Kaspersky Lab New Gauss virus simlar to Flame and Stuxnet aimed at stealing Lebanese customersank info discovered.  China releases woman sent to labor camp for protesting daughter's rape  After a woman was sentenced to a labor camp for protesting leniency for her daughter's rapist, Chinese authorities bent to public pressure and released her.  Japans Olympic soccer loss brings out the Twitter racism  The Japan Daily Press German Opposition Calls for Wealth Tax Price of bacon set to soar as producers are hit by new EU animal welfare laws 80 Dead, Many More Injured in Iranian Earthquake  Geist CETA Update  ACTA Provisions Are Still Very Much Alive ...the concerns that CETA may replicate ACTA appear to be very real despite the denials from the European Commission.  U.S. guided missile destroyer collides with a Japaneseowned oil tanker in Strait of Hormuz Tanzania said a shipping agent based in Dubai had reflagged 36 Iranian oil tankers with the Tanzanian flag without the country's knowledge and approval. The United States and Turkey want to impose a nofly zone in Syria AntiBlasphemy Law Introduced In Tunisia Japan to take islands row with South Korea to world court German opposition leader talks tough on tax evasion Social Democrat leader Sigmar Gabriel has said that tax evasion using havens such as Switzerland constitutes organized crime in Swiss banks in Germany. He said the banks should be threatened with prosecution.  More than half of young Greeks are unemployed Greek youth unemployment figures marked another record high at 54.9% in May compared to 41% for the same period last year Iraq oil production surpasses Iran Mans penis stolen by thieves in China Harassed Hindus flee Pakistan reports Trending against Kurds in TurkeyThe best Kurd is a dead Kurd  Earthquakes kill 87 people in Northwestern Iran. Biggest London fire 'for years'  
More than 200 firefighters are tackling a blaze described by London Fire Brigade as the biggest seen in the capital for several years.  There were initial reports that people could see the smoke from the Olympic Park. Afghan Policeman Kills 10 Fellow Policemen  Authorities in Spain released a video which shows suspected alQaeda members training for a bombing raid using a model plane, three arrested. People of the Lake  The drying up of the Aral Sea was an environmental and human tragedy, but can Kazakhstan undo this manmade disaster? Hamas is prepared to close all the underground tunnels along the border between the Gaza Strip and Egypt if the Egyptians agree to reopen the Rafah border crossing on a permanent basis. Saudi Arabia media ignores historic Olympic Games of female athletes Nuclear ruse Posing as toymaker, Chinese merchant allegedly sought U.S. technology for Iran QANTAS airline defends policy of moving any men sitting next to unaccompanied minors, to different seats.  Because every adult male is a potential child molester... Wikileaks under week long attack. Remains inaccessible. Egypt president Mohamed Morsi forces top generals to retire  Two New Pyramids discovered in Egypt Fukushima Chief Yoshida We must bring foreign experts in to help  Reactors NOT stabilized Israeli sniper gets 45 days for killing Palestinian women Genderbased violence leading cause of death for Turkish women 1544 Reddit man spends summer flying around the world helping others | Australian media has picked this up
			News.com.au Pope Benedict XVI's butler will be charged with aggravated theft over the leaking of hundreds of secret papers from the pope's personal apartment to an Italian journalist . . . A second man, Vatican IT expert Claudio Sciarpelletti, will be charged with aiding the butler, Paolo Gabriele Brazil's economic slowdown so far leaves many unscathed Brazil unemployment is at a record low, wages have risen, and more than 1 million jobs have been created this year. An economist calls it the 'great conundrum.' Even China Is Running Out of Money Now Syrian atrocity Bodies of postal workers thrown from roof (GRAPHIC VIDEO)   RT Extreme porn trial well, thank you for that interesting anatomical lesson  The Guardian German Archaeological Conservationists Pushing for Rebuilding Afghanistan's Buddhas     Their destruction in 2001 by the Taliban caused global condemnation.  Once the largest in the world, they were carved in the 6th Century.  Unesco's decision not to rebuild them hasn't ended the debate.  Moscow to spend over $720 billion on new military aircraft   Saudi Arabia plans new city for women workers only Thailand  Senator 'accidentally' kills secretary.....With an Uzi Israeli Minister Asks Nations to Say Iran Talks Have Failed  NYTimes.com At Least 300 Dead in Iran Earthquakes Father of Saudi athlete says daughter called names for competing in Games Media coverage of Syrian violence partial and untrue, says nun Nigerian army 'kills 20 Boko Haram Islamists' Kangaroo escapes zoo in Germany ... with the help of a fox and a boar Syrian fighter jet crashes near Iraq border Indonesians protest against Myanmar genocide of Muslims.  Canadians ridicule unarmed American Tourist's fears Dotcom accused of assault  with his stomach Venezuela is training a guerrilla army aiming to be a million strong by 2013 to fight off a possible US invasion Riots in the North of France Pope's butler to face criminal charges after leaking hundreds of secret documents from the Pope's apartment in an attempt to reveal corruption. Deep magnitude 7.7 quake off coast of Russia, north of Japan  Women Challenge Islamists Over Equality  They don't want ''complementarity'' rather than equality of the sexes & see the groundbreaking Personal Status Code of 1956 in jeopardy.  Thousands of Tunisians protested in the capital for women's rights as the Islamistled govt faces rising dissent. 
 Indian police arrest famed TV yoga guru and anticorruption campaigner as he attempts to lead a procession of thousands of supporters to parliament. Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake in the Sea of Okhotsk, Russia Israeli Sniper Gets Only 45 Days for Killing of Two Women under White Flags Israeli human rights group B'Tselem points out, the deal does not recognize guilt for the killing of Majedah and Rayah Abu Hajaj, but rather punishes the soldier for the killing of an unidentified individual. Pakistani wife in disputed marriage gunned down in court by her brother Iran says Israel won't attack  European Bankers Destroying European Democracy  The cause of necessary economic reforms has not been served by confounding that necessity with the policy of austerity  Revealed Life behind the scenes at the secretive Bilderberg conference Punk Band's Moscow Trial Offers Platform For Orthodox Protesters 'We're going to rip them [a Pussy Riot poster and a Madonna poster] up and burn them,' said Leonid SimonovichNikshich, the whitebearded leader of one group, the Union of Orthodox Banner Bearers. 'Like in the Middle Ages.' Proceso Magazine US Navy SEALs to Hunt Mexican Cartel Kingpin Severe abnormalities' found in Fukushima Butterflies
 Malaysian internet users stage an online protest against law that threatens free speech online Poland Peels Back Layers On Secret CIA Prison For Suspected Terrorists 4 Congo Olympic delegation members missing India witnesses 56 per cent drop in HIV cases  IBNLive NATO official Soon, Israel wont have unanimous support for Iran strike Japan's poverty gap has politicians calling for rise in minimum wage  
It's only over the past decade that poverty has come to be recognized in Japan. Prior to that, the govt didn't even compile statistics on income inequality. Ecuador to make Assange asylum bid decision 'this week' Saudi king sends 32m to embattled Burma Muslims India announces plans for a Mars mission in 2013 Iran threatens to disconnect from the Internet Japan and North Korea Set To Talk Based on the principle of settling the unfortunate past and on restoring normal relations.  Cipla launches Qvir, a four in one HIV drug for Rs 158 ($2.84) Robin hood Spanish mayor becomes hero for robbing supermarkets  Tunisian Olympians targeted by Islamist radicals for behavior and dress deemed unIslamic Masked neoNazi Immortals storm Germany  and the Web  China's plan to expand coal mines & power plants threatens to drain   precious water supply & could trigger a severe water crisis, report warns  Heavy coal mining in Inner Mongolia is already causing desertification in the once pristine grasslands. The extinction of water is irreversible. Like a Bad Hollywood Cop Movie Asia's wildlife traffickers untouchable, colluding with officials    Bags of Tiger cubs, 100s of squirming tortoises, elephant tusks, water dragons, American paddlefish. Officials at Thailand airport proudly cite what's been seized. But others tell another story  The enthusiasm of Israel's prime minister and defence minister for an air strike on Iran appears to have united their country's defence and security establishment against them Australian High Court rules government's worldfirst plain packaging laws are constitutionally valid and tobacco products will be sold in olivegreen packaging by end of 2012. More brutal farm attacks in South Africa Mom shot in the face, tried calling for help | News24 Shadowy American drone campaign in Africa targeting Islamic militants more ruthlessly than ever Israel unhappy after EU blacklists 1980s town Syria, 'on the Verge of Collapse'  In Focus  The Atlantic Truck Bomb Explodes in Central Damascus Roma Trapped in Misery as France Demolishes Camps AK47s, Quack Medicine, & Heaps of Cash The Gruesome Rhino Horn Trade Explained   A male rhino struggled to its feet, hobbled several paces, then fell back down. It's horn of keratin, the same protein in human fingernails & hair, had been hacked off by poachers for a Chinesedriven market.   Leaders of Muslim countries are expected to suspend Syria's membership of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation at a summit in Mecca on Wednesday, despite the vocal objections of Iran. NeoNazi flash mobs strike German cities, aim to become 'immortal' on YouTube  NY Daily News Syrian conflict turning into proxy war against Iran. Australia forces tobacco companies to use plain packaging (High Court decision) Saudi king in goodwill gesture to Iran's Ahmadinejad Chinese Companies Pull Out of US Stock Markets  Hindus leave Pakistan for India amid claims of persecution Ecuador to Let Julian Assange Stay in Its Embassy. Ecuador says Britain threatened to raid embassy to extract Julian Assange Gunmen Have Attacked And Entered A Pakistani Air Force Base Thought To House Nuclear Weapons At least 18 killed as South African police open fire on 3,000 striking miners (PHOTOS) Julian Assange UK issues 'threat' to arrest Wikileaks founder Wikileaks founder Julian Assange faces arrest even if Ecuador grants asylum Kim Dotcom's extradition uncertain.  FBI now has to prove it actually has a case. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange granted asylum by Ecuador Israel 'ready' for short Iran war Ecuador says it received 'threats' from UK as Assange decision looms Today we have received from the United Kingdom an explicit threat in writing that they could assault our embassy in London if Ecuador does not hand over Julian Assange, Mr. Patio said at a news conference in Quito, adding defiantly, We are not a British colony. TrapWire tied to White House, Scotland Yard, M15 and others, claims hacked Stratfor email Over a dozen African athletes missing in London Germany Gives Up on Greece. Suggests Bankruptcy Is Only Option. Ecuador grants asylum to WikiLeaks' Assange Massive Sacrifice of Ancient Warrior Army Discovered at Danish Alken Enge Bog  It's believed a dramatic, societychanging event caused the mass sacrifice of a large army at the site.  Who they were, where they're from, & why they were sacrificed is a mystery. Only 2% of Canadians deny climate change, suggests poll Britain, in order to apprehend WikiLeaks' Julian Assange, threatens to revoke the Ecuadoran embassy's diplomatic status Australia upholds tobacco branding ban High Court ruling will force tobacco companies to sell cigarettes in plain packaging. Families of Irans slain nuclear scientists have filed a lawsuit against Israel, the United States and Britain accusing them of involvement in the assassination of their loved ones Harry Harrison, creator of Deathworld, Stainless 
Steel Rat and many other scifi books, dies at 87 Ecuador grants asylum to Assange and condemns condemns Britain's 'threatening and intimidating' language Syrian conflict spills into Lebanon U.K. cops hunting for Assange show up at Ecuador's embassy Libor scandal Seven banks summoned in US probe Pussy Riot found GUILTY A Former CIA man on the UK threat to go into the Ecuador embassy and arrest Assange This was unheard of even during ... the Cold War. If someone sought refuge in the US Embassy in Moscow or the Soviet Embassy in the United States ... international law was always honored. This is unprecedented. Anonymous calls for shutdown of TrapWire to start this Saturday Moscow bans gay pride marches for the next century German TV crew attacked while filming at Chinese factory  angry workers shouted 'kill the foreign spies' Norway's police chief resigned on Thursday, days after an independent commission found that police could have prevented all or part of a bombing and shooting spree by farright militant Anders Behring Breivik that killed 77 people. Irans President Ahmadinejad calls Israels existence insult to all humanity What the world thinks Should drugs like cocaine and heroin be legalised? | The Economist Syria rebels warn they will turn to AlQaeda if West fails them AntiLeaks is DDOSing RT.com WikiLeaks siege fiasco 40 cops and 50,000 pounds a day Scientology Detox Programs expensive &  unproven  
There is no evidence Scientology's 'Purif' and 'Narconon' detox work & the megadoses of vitamins involved may harm health No one else will protect Assange, so Ecuador will  The Drum Opinion (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Half of Scotland's drug deaths caused by prescribed heroin substitute, more than heroin itself... Mexico's big oil problem Crude production by Mexico, the third largest supplier of oil to the U.S., is falling fast. As Ecuador Grants Assange Asylum, Former UK Ambassador Says Embassy Raid Is Coming After Enormous Pressure from the Obama Administration Air France asks passengers for refuel cash at Damascus stop
| Reuters Pussy Riot guilty of hooliganism  Fraser Institute cofounder confirms 'years and years' of U.S. oil billionaires' funding Jewish extremists believed behind attack that hurts 6 Palestinians in W. Bank; Netanyahu to Abbas Jerusalem not taking incident lightly. Russian Embassy in London attacked Chilean students arrested in Santiago schools  There were violent clashes as police moved in & arrested 139 people, mostly teenage students, who were occupying 3 schools in the capital.  Students have held months of mass protests demanding free, highquality public education for all. Entire book (53,000 words, 11 images and a computer program) encoded on to DNA Assange's flight from Sweden, a decent democracy, into the arms of Ecuador's megalomanic president is incomprehensible The Guardian Germany Debates Plan to Pay StayatHome Moms According to the IMF, Icelands decision to push losses on to bondholders instead of taxpayers and the safeguarding of a welfare system that shielded the unemployed from penury helped propel the nation from collapse toward recovery,  Pregnant teen dies after abortion ban delays her chemo treatment for leukemia  CNN.com Chess master Garry Kasparov among those arrested outside Pussy Riot trial Russia issues warning to Britain over Assang South African Airways announces new policy no longer accepting white male applicants for pilot training programme Palestinian youth beaten unconscious in attempted lynch in Jerusalem Ecuador urges other countries to protect its London embassy  As Israel prepares for war with Iran, some citizens say the government is warmongering Australian diplomats expect Assange to be extradited to the US The Politically Incorrect Guide to U.S. Interests in the Middle East  Sorry, folks America just doesn't care about freedom or ArabIsraeli peace all that much. 16yeargld girl in the Dominican Republic dies of cancer after being refused treatment for 3 weeks due to pregnancy; under an amendment to the Dominican Republic's constitution which declares that life begins at conception, abortion is banned, effectively for any reason Richard Dawkins England's religiousinspired legal system forbids assisted suicide for two men, who have lockedinsyndrome and who cannot physically kill themselves  I am ashamed of my country and its laws The Organization of American States (OAS) to hold meeting about the threat of intervention in Ecuador's London embassy.  US vote not to hold meeting was on the losing side. In UK [United Kingdom] Threat To Ecuador, Experts See Mistake 'It was a big mistake, said former British ambassador Oliver Miles. 'It puts the British government in the position of asking for something illegitimate.' Russian chess champion Garry Kasparov could face up to 5 years in prison for alleged violence against police outside Pussy Riot sentencing. What Do Russians Think About 'Pussy Riot?' The Answer Might Surprise You  Forbes More than 30 Killed in Protest in South Africa. Miners demand higher wages and get bullets instead.  Reunited with her daughters after 5 years of Kafkaesque detention in American prisons on false charges, Iranian Shahrzad MirQolikhan to file lawsuits in the ICJ against the US Federal Bureau of Prisons and others. United Church of Canada passes boycott of products tied to Israeli settlements Syria VP defects. Australia confirmed Saturday that its diplomatic post in Washington had been preparing for Julian Assange's possible extradition to the US but played it down as contingency planning. Man arrested in Czech Republic for planning Breivik copycat attack. 20 Shiites pulled off buses in Pakistan, shot, killed police Julian Assange Extradition Ecuador 'Willing To CoOperate' With Britain  Pledge on protecting WikiLeaks founder from US could lead to deal, says source as embassy complains of 'intimidating' police Media Frenzy Over Pussy Riot Obscures Legal Plights Of LesserKnown Protesters Ecuadoran President Rafael Correa has slammed  Britain's threats to remove WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange from the Ecuador embassy. Never, as long as I am president, will Ecuador accept threats like these, which are absolutely vulgar, inconsiderate and intolerable. Assange Demands U.S. End WikiLeaks Witch Hunt. The war on whistleblowers must end. Drug Dealers in Brazil ban sale of crack, claim it destabilizes communities  Julian Assange to leave Ecuadorean embassy and make public statement in 1 hours time A dinosaur dig team has unearthed the skeleton of a massive 2000 kg triplehorned triceratops just east of Drumheller, Alberta.  World First Australia introduces plain cigarette packaging; Defeats Big Tobacco challenge in High Court. Support for Ecuador appears to be growing in Latin America. Britain ... is wrong. The threat is not only an aggression to Ecuador, it's against Bolivia, it's against South America, against the whole of Latin America, Bolivian President Evo Morales said on Friday. State Department The U.S. does not recognize the concept of diplomatic asylum | The Cable Russian clerics forgive Pussy Riot, ask for mercy Russian Orthodox Church clerics have asked the countrys authorities to show mercy on the three members of the punk band Pussy Riot, who were sentenced to two years in jail each on Friday in a trial seen as a test of President Vladimir Putin AntiIslam protest goes ahead in Germany | euronews, world news Dutch campaign to stop cannabis card law | euronews, world news 
11 yearold mentally challenged girl jailed for blasphemy in Pakistan

 Lord Rothschild takes 130m bet against the euro Oilindustry lobbyists are trying to undermine transparency measures in America and Europe that could help prevent future tyrants from emerging LIVE Julian Assange's legal team speak outside Ecuadorean Embassy in London Researchers May Have Found Amelia Earhart's Plane Debris 

A  boy calling a wrong number in India has snowballed into a major row, with 50 families facing social boycott   German spy ship aiding Syrian rebels A German newspaper has reported that a spy ship from the German intelligence agency is helping Syrian rebels in their fight to oust the Damascus regime. Prepare for 'sacred war,' Kim tells North Korea's troops  Kim Jong Un has ordered his troops not to miss their gold chance to deal at once deadly counter blows if even one shell lands in North Korean territory during upcoming U.S.South Korea military exercises Pussy Riot, sentenced to two years in a penal colony, release new antiPutin single Benjamin Netanyahu faces widespread opposition to strike on Iran British parliamentarians accused former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond of holding back evidence during a hearing last month over the Libor raterigging scandal. Italy's tax hunters target superrich and their yachts off the Sardinian coast   Coastguards get tough. Kim warns troops to prepare for 'sacred war' during USSouth Korea exercises  CNN.com Thousands protest in Tunisia over proposed language for Constitution that describes a woman as a complement with the man in the family and an associate to the man in the development of the country. 14 year old girl too young to work as a counsellor at a camp for kids with cancer. Instead, she raised $90k by becoming the youngest person to swim across Lake Ontario. Frenchwoman in legal battle with Saudi monarchy dead after mysteriously falling from her apartment window, with foul play considered a possibility. Canada's largest Protestant church approves boycott of Israeli settlement products German Pirate Party appeals Germany's ban on anonymous SIM card activation Says it's covered under European Court of Human Rights' right to private life Legal myths about the Assange extradition. Dawn of 'drone ecologyegins, as unmanned vehicles skim over Indonesia's jungle canopy to photograph orangutans, protect rhinos in Nepal, and study invasive aquatic plants in Florida UK 'too heavyhanded' with Twitter and online trolls Burma Abolishes Media Censorship Myanmar ends direct media censorship in most dramatic move yet for freedom of expression Israel Police Hundreds watched attempt to lynch Palestinians in Jerusalem, did not interfere. Are some banks too big to prosecute?  CNN.com Iceland holds some key lessons for nations trying to survive bailouts after the islands approach to its rescue led to a surprisingly strong recovery, the International Monetary Funds mission chief to the country said. Mosque shooting, suicide bombing hit Russia's Caucasus region Pussy Riot protesters arrested in Marseille. French police detain Pussy Riot protesters for wearing balaclavas amid crackdown on facecoverings UK doesn't know who it is dealing with, Ecuador says  

President Rafael Correa describes UK's stance as grotesque & intolerant & warns any attempt to storm its embassy to arrest Assange would destroy relations between the 2 countries. Scientists dispel 'Miserable Monday' myth  It seems we hate Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays too Pussy Riot copycats booted and arrested from German cathedral (VIDEO) Spains Creative Protests Flamenco Flash Mobs and Supermarket Robin Hoods Angry demonstrations are one thing, but the irate in Spain are stomping their flamenco heels at banks and robbing supermarkets to give to the poor 11 year old Christian  girl arrested for lasphemy'  The Russian Orthodox and Polish Roman Catholic churches signed an unprecedented reconciliation appeal on Friday, after centuries of feuding and hostility. The two churches described the move as a historical act.  Wife of Chinese politician Bo Xilai gets suspended death sentence, expected to spend at least 14 years in jail  India bans mass text messages to stem panic among minorities   Colombian 'Farc rebelslow up oil pipeline Raising Romania's Orphans, Several Boys At A Time
Florin Grosuleac has raised more than 60 orphaned boys in his small apartment in Bucharest. In a country where children are too often abandoned, Grosuleac has devoted his life to taking them in. Mexico's federal police agency has replaced all 348 officers at the capital's international airport almost two months after police there shot dead three of their fellow officers in an alleged drug related killing. Iran bans women from 70 university degree courses  Sweden does not want to extradite Assange to death row  We will never surrender a person to the death penalty said Cecilia Riddselius on behalf of the Swedish Ministry of Justice Mali Islamists when we have finished conquering France, we will come to the USA, we will come to London and conquer the whole world.  Boy (15) on trial for murder in the Netherlands for allegedly stabbing a  girl to death in a 20 contract killing, after a row started over Facebook comments. Just As Ecuador Grants Asylum To Assange, It Prepares To Extradite Blogger For Exposing Corruption The Vatican won a major victory Monday [20 August 2012] in an Oregon federal courtroom, where a judge ruled that the Holy See is not the employer of molester priests. The decision . . . ends a sixyear question in the decadeold case and could shield the Vatican from possible monetary damages. 'Operation Free Assange' Anonymous take down UK government websites Wife of powerful politician dodges death sentence for murder of U.K. businessman while a street vendor sits on death row. China plans on building a 220story skyscraper...in 
90 days. Possible Amelia Earhart wreckage found! Islamists in Timbuktu Mali Becomes Infected by the Somali Virus  Mali was once a model of African democracy. But ever since a military coup in March, Islamists have been on the march and have already imposed Sharia law in the country's north.  Hundreds Of Christians Hiding In Pakistan After Girl's Arrest Mexico chalks up success in healthcare reforms. Nearuniversal coverage results from scienceinformed changes. A female Japanese journalist was killed Monday while covering clashes in Syria's northern city of Aleppo. BBC article on the increasing reach of American law overseas  taxes, copyrights, and sanctions extending American law to foreign companies operating overseas. Satellite imagery shows North Korea placing dome atop developing nuclear reactor Up to 3 years Pussy Riot copycats booted from German cathedral may face jail. 4 people who stormed Cologne Cathedral during services, wearing masks and carrying signs showing solidarity with the jailed members of Pussy Riot, have been charged with disturbing a religious service and may face prison Netanyahu 'determined to attack Iranefore US elections, claims Israel's Channel 10... WikiLeaks Bypasses Financial Blockade With Bitcoin  Forbes India blocks more than 250 Web sites for inciting hate, panic  The Washington Post U.K. aims for the fastest broadband in Europe by 2015 Brazil Drug dealers say no to crack in Rio Egypt is preparing to use aircraft and tanks in Sinai for the first time since the 1973 war with Israel Fish demand 'exceeds UK sea supply' Level of consumption in 2012 has already met annual fish supplies, leaving the UK reliant on imported stocks
 BBC News  Arctic sea ice set to hit record low A week after losing his appeal for the righttodie with assistance from a doctor, Tony Nicklinson, who was paralysed from the neck down and described his life as a living nightmare, dies after refusing food for a week. German customs seized a $1.2 million violin from a Japanese professional musician and are demanding she pay almost $500,000 to get it back George Orwell is 'too Leftwing for a statue, says BBC...  Pirate Patch Unblocks The Pirate Bay In a Blink Criminal charges filed against German rabbi for performing circumcision  The charges come less than two months after a Cologne court ruled that the religious act causes bodily harm to newborn babies Enrique Steiger, epic plastic surgeon who spends 2 months per year working on celebrities, and the rest of the year working as an emergency doctor in wartorn zones Gambia to execute all death row prisoners next month   Gambian President Yahya Jammeh pledged to have all of the countrys deathrow prisoners executed by midSeptember in a stern Eid address aired on Sunday which targeted heinous acts including homosexuality and drug use.  Obama warns Syria against using chemical or biological weaponsObama says, 'That's a red line for us ... there would be enormous consequences' if Bashar Assad appeared to be preparing to use poison gas or biological weapons.' Tony Nicklinson, British sufferer of 'Locked In Syndrome', dies. Offensive Caricature Has Angered Christians in Germany   The Might Of Thorium Can India Lead The Next 
Global Energy Revolution? | Economy Watch TrapWire tied to antiOccupy Internetspy program Kim Jong Un to make first foreign trip as head of state next week, to Iran. Russia joins WTO What's gone wrong at The Guardian?  Judge in Chile orders arrest of 8 former police & army officials for kidnapping US hiker   The Princeton University mathematics professor vanished in 1985 while hiking near Chile's border with Argentina. Mexican judges strike down law protecting army from civilian courts Aides to the British royal family are understood to have asked UK media organizations not to publish pictures of Prince Harry partying naked in Las Vegas Maleorder education Iran bars women from 77 university courses including accounting, engineering, pure chemistry, English literature and translation, hotel management, and many others. The University of Tehran will not allow women to take courses in mathematics, natural resources, and forestry. Fish caught near Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant was carriyng 258 times the 'safe' level of radiation. It registered 25,800 becquerels of caesium per kilo, beating the previous radiation record for captured wildlife. Pictures of killer of 69 people, Anders Breivik's cell in Norway Canada's Unique Freshwater Test Lakes Face Closure  
Slashed funding threatens the isolated Experimental Lakes Area, site of landmark experiments on sources & effects of pollution.  With 58 lakes serving a broad range of studies, the program is unique in the world. Elderly woman ruins valuable artwork in Italy Mexico's top court ruled on Tuesday that military officials who committed crimes against civilians should be tried in civil courts, possibly clearing the way for sterner prosecutions against military misconduct in the country's drug war Russia warned the West on Tuesday against unilateral action on Syria, a day after US president Barack Obama threatened enormous consequences if his Syrian counterpart used chemical or biological arms or even moved them in a menacing way. Tomorrow, a 100 year old mysterious package, its content unknown, will be opened in a museum in Norway. A true time capsule is revealed. Elderly woman ruins the classic painting Ecce Homo Beyond recognition.  We'll make a killing out of food crisis, Glencore trading boss boasts, Drought is good for business SKorean judges block law requiring real names online, ruling it restricts freedom of speech 'US not our daddy to punish us'  Ecuador FM Patino. Ecuador does not fear US revenge for granting asylum to Julian Assange We dont think that any punishment is possible, nor do we think that there is a reason for revenge for Ecuadors sovereign decision. The USA does it every day Russia to eliminate all its chemical weapons by 2015 Tobacco on Pace to Kill One Billion People This Century (crosspost from r/globalhealth) Swedish prosecutor It is possible to interview Assange in London. We've done so in other cases. Still, Assange MUST come to Sweden and we wont say why. BBC News  Israel anger at S Africa 'Occupied Territories' labels Chinese Psych Treatments    Each year 1,000s are forcibly locked in mental institutions.  A humanrights lawyer was walking down a street when he was grabbed &  tossed in one, where he was tied up, forcefed, & given injections. When released, he had no idea about what exactly had happened to him.
 New immunesystem disease found in Asians; causes AIDSlike symptoms in people without HIV Nearly 60 percent of Jewish 12thgraders in Israel support the deportation of African refugees and almost half think their children should also be deported, according to a survey that will be presented at this year's Haifa Education Conference Massive student protests return to streets of Montreal Thousands of students have rallied against tuition fee hikes in Quebec; demonstrators marched through downtown Montreal ahead of Quebecs general election on Sept 4th US, Pakistan should 'divorce,' exambassador to Washington says The United States and Pakistan should stop pretending they are allies and amicably divorce, Pakistan's former ambassador to Washington said on Wednesday, citing unrealistic expectations in both countries that include U.S. Canadian government drops environmental assessment of 492 projects, washes hands; dropped projects include those proven to cause damage to environment Robert Fisk 'Rebel army? They're a gang of foreigners' Islamist Mind Games How Young German Men Are Lured into Jihad   Young Muslim men in Germany are systematically trying to recruit their peers for jihad using sophisticated rhetoric and psychology and by targeting vulnerable youths who are searching for direction in life.  Report Pacific Ocean Has 100x More Plastic Particles in it Than in the '70s In rare public rebuke, UN chief tells Iranian leaders to tone down rhetoric  The Syrian government is now using tanks and aircraft to shell Damascus Automated feed of /r/india to twitter ordered to be blocked by Government of India Australia/NZ threatens telcos with mobile roaming price laws Australia and New Zealand are considering legislation to prevent mobile carriers gouging customers when they use their phones overseas Son of Chechen Warlord Dies Fighting Assad  An International War France loosens job restrictions on Roma  Prime minister's office says new sectors will be created where Europe's most marginalised ethnic group can seek work. Chemical weapons 'excuse for US to intervene in Syria' Chinese state media have accused US President Barack Obama of planning to use Syria's chemical weapons as an excuse for intervening militarily. Anders Brevik sentenced to 21 years... As she nears death, Chinese hail woman who saved 30 babies from trash  US 'should hand over footage of drone strikes or face UN inquiry'  America is facing mounting global pressure over its use of UAVs ... [the issue] will remain at the top of the UN political agenda until some consensus and transparency has been achieved. Icelands recovery continues, declared impressive Palestinians design solar car not to buy petrol from Israel We want to lower as much as possible our dependence on Israel, because we wont be able to reach a reasonable level of national security if Israel can, at any point, disconnect our electricity, and even harm the power plant in Gaza The IMF Iceland Was Right, We Were Wrong Pub owner in Copenhagen refuses to pay protection money to local gang, goes public about the repercussions that ensued and gets overwhelming support from the community (More details in comments) BBC removes Syrian opposition war crime video The Swedish media war on Assange  Australian 
pig, retard, whitehaired crackpot, scumbag  
Fria Tider Christian boy tortured and killed in Pakistan The tortured body of an 11 year old Christian boy has been found in a town in Punjab, Pakistan, days after a young Christian girl was arrested on blasphemy charges Palestinian man repeatedly tasered by Israeli police in front of his children Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Gangnam Style, dissected  Nepali snake bites man. Man bites snake to death Catholic Church sues three pro Pussy Riot protestors in Germany. They might face more jail time than Pussy Riot in Russia Egypt bans detention of journalists accused of mediarelated offenses. Islam Afifi, editor of an opposition paper charged with insulting President Mohamed Morsi, released after president issues decree Foreign companies have bought up 124 million hectares of land in Africa in the past decade, resulting in the eviction of smallholding farmers, sometimes by force, from their ancestral lands, former IMF chief warns. Even more brutal leader takes over Mexico's Zetas 18 Days with the Syrian rebels (PHOTOS) The New Statesman must correct its error over Assange and extradition (re New Statesman's article Legal myths about the Assange extradition) Why the Western Media Hates Julian Assange Exsenator in Brazil to repay $234 mn in stolen funds This is the largest amount to be repaid in a corruption case Egypt arrests man after nail bomb attack on German embassy over prophet Mohammed cartoons Assange & Ecuador may take UK to international court How Did CoalRich India End Up With Power Blackouts?  For decades, the World Bank pushed privatization of the power industry and assumed that energy services would trickle down to the poor. Apple and Samsung get South Korea bans  BBC News Navy advisor stripped of her career for alerting Washington of Admirals plan to provoke Iran Criminals are not primarily wrongdoers to be punished, but broken people to be fixed. Why the Norwegian Justice aims to benefit even the offender. University of Oslo professor Thomas Mathiesen, say it's better for society overall because it isn't about revenge, but sober, dignified treatment.  Secret Police Documents Reveal WikiLeaks Founder To Be Arrested In Any Attempt To Leave. Lewis Whyld of the Press Association took the pictures of the documents on a clipboard carried by a police standing outside the building. Update. 100 years old time capsule opened in Norway. It contained letters and documents. Pakistan Taliban chief killed by NATO strike  Monitoring FileSharers Forbidden in Norway From today, filesharers in Norway can download pretty much whatever they like without facing any consequences... after the only law firm in the country permitted to monitor filesharing networks lost its license and were denied a new one Mexican police open fire at US embassy vehicle, wounding three. Why George Orwell is as relevant today as ever (ABC News)  A Pakistani Christian girl detained on accusations of defaming Islam has been refused a meeting with a lawyer Oil was supposed to catapult Ecuador out of poverty. Instead it resulted in immeasurable ecological damage, social disruption, assassinations and coups, overwhelming debt, and an economy that is radically skewed to favor the rich. Predatory capitalism, its sole goal to maximize corporate profits. Travis McCrea Our latest Wikileaks release shows that the United States is assassinating Mexicans without trial, and the ATF gunwalking scandal may have just been the latest controversy in a longer chain of corruption WATCH LIVE 100 year old package opens at 12pm est in Norway Drones to watch over UK streets Unmanned police drones, comparable to those used in war zones such as Afghanistan, could soon be secretly watching over the streets of UK cities 23 year old female threatens a 69 year old male on a flight to Saskatoon. Oh yeah...he's a Senator, and she's his wife.  Expect more farm protests in Spain. As the EU pays landed owners like the Duke of Segorbe whether or not they actually produce crops and more government austerity is on the horizon, Spanish farm workers are getting bolder and history is repeating itself. Pakistani Islamists Bomb Womens Clothing Store President of Gambia plans mass executions by next month. 19 dead, 53 hurt in Venezuela refinery blast Gunmen inside what was described as a Mexican federal police vehicle fired upon a U.S. Embassy vehicle, said the official, who declined to be named for security reasons. Mexico scrambles to cope with egg shortage  Thousands of young Chileans marched peacefully on Thursday in different cities demanding education reform and equal conditions and rights for all young Chileans, amid a heightened police presence. Black teenager 'stopped 50 times' plans to sue Met police for harassment France's diplomats to push for universal ban on death penalty across the world. Foreign minister Laurent Fabius expects resistance from US, China.  If Bashar Falls, What Will Happen to Syria's Alawites and Kurds? China is moving ahead with the development of a new and more capable generation of intercontinental ballistic missiles and submarinelaunched missiles 'Antichurch hysteria' spreads across Russia Four Orthodox Christian crosses have been chopped down in different parts of Russia... after the Femen movement attacked a cross in Kiev to protest the sentence of the punk band Pussy Riot Two Members of Pussy Riot flee Russia. An Israeli bus driver refused to take Palestinian passengers on board, was ordered to do so by police, and took his revenge by forcing them off the bus at the entrance to a settlement. The bus company The driver acted exactly as expected of him. 'Ban Islam in Sweden' Sweden Democrat Israel breaks silence over army abuses
Exsoldiers admit to appalling violence against Palestinian children
 Kim Jongun threatens allout war in wake of USSouth Korea military exercise Israeli vets confess to 'no mercy' abuse of Palestinian 'terrorist' kids  RT Britain Withdraws Threat to Raid Embassy in Assange Standoff Israel's investigation into the death of Rachel Corrie has failed to be thorough, credible and transparent, U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro told the Corrie family Neil Armstrong dead age 82. Correa recalls the UK non extradition of Pinochet. If Pinochet was not extradited for humanitarian reasons then it's clear that they can take the decision not to extradite Mr. Julian Assange, Correa said. ''Tobacco holocaust'' as tobacco companies aggressively target poor nations. Two Pussy Riot members flee Russia Two members of band who escaped arrest after February's protest in Moscow's main cathedral leave the country Libya Islamists destroy Sufi shrines, library  Lasthope prostate drug not funded. There are two tiers of men with advanced prostate cancer in Ontario Those who get access to a remarkable drug through private insurance, and those who get a death sentence. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has ordered an urgent investigation to find the cause of a huge explosion at the country's biggest oil refinery. UK refuses to extradite mostwanted pedophile on human rights grounds, but still intent on extraditing Assange. Why? Vatican Urges G20 To Convene Crisis Summit On Food Prices Holy See Attacks Grain Speculators For Profiting From The Most Poor And Needy On The Planet Several Orthodox Christian crosses have been chopped down in different parts of Russia. The incidents come after the Femen movement attacked a cross in Kiev to protest the sentence of the punk band Pussy Riot, who received two years in prison.  Syrian envoy We'll destroy Israeli nuclear facilities with 20 missiles | Jordanian media report that Syria's ambassador in Amman, Bahjat Suleiman said that his country is capable of destroying Israel's nuclear facilities should Damascus come under attack

 
Russia to help Europe fight forest fires
 Dozens of Bodies Are Found in Town Outside Damascus  Possibly over 200 bodies found A huge explosion rocked Venezuela's biggest oil refinery and unleashed a ferocious fire on Saturday, killing at least 26 people and injuring more than 80 others in one of the deadliest disasters ever to hit the country's key oil industry. German minister rejects more time for Greece  Pussy Riot verdict as we condemn Russia, we expose ourselves as hypocrites Australian State to try and Ban cigarettes to anyone born after 2000 Man steals phone from Ebola patient at Uganda hospital, gets Ebola In case of a nuclear accident in India, the maximum fine that can be imposed by the regulator on an offending nuclear plant is less than 10 US$ Islamic extremists who control much of the vast desert region of Mali have banned all music, except the singing of Koranic verses A new breathalyzer law  drives anger in France A law requiring drivers to have breathalyzer kits has the French seeing red over what they view as lobbying  a practice reviled in the country  by an employee of a test manufacturer.  [Xpost] A series of recent scandals have exposed the connection between some of the biggest global banks and the seamy underworld of mobsters, smugglers, drug traffickers and arms dealers LEAKED! TPP the Son of ACTA will oblige America and other countries to throw out privacy, free speech and due process for easier copyright enforcement  Boing Boing Almost 450 killed in a single day in Syria Korean Constitutional Court rules realname policy online unconstitutional Egypt rejected U.S. demand to fire on Iranian ship Suez chief Israeli Soldiers Show No Mercy to Palestinian Children ...the testimony goes, Israeli troops chase a Palestinian child. He was about two metres away  the company commander cocked his weapon in his face. The kid fell on the ground, crying and begging for his life.   Pakistan govt to keep 11yo Christian girl in jail 'for own safety' Pakistani police blocked a bail request for the minor who reportedly suffers from Downs syndrome, claiming her release would endanger her life and that of her family. The girl is accused of blasphemy for allegedly burning a Koran British Police gaffe as topsecret document reveals how WikiLeaks founder will be dealt with if he tries to leave embassy
 Overseas weapons sales by the United States totaled $66.3 billion last year, or nearly 78 percent of the global arms market. Russia was a distant second, with $4.8 billion in deals. Tunisia New Constitution Will Be Modern, Progressive Food shortages could force world into vegetarianism, 
warn scientists Vehicle Carrying Japans Ambassador to China Attacked in Beijing Pregnant Nicaraguan Girls Forced to Become Mothers Nicaragua is 'one of the few countries in the world where abortion is illegal in any circumstances, and is punishable by prison  even if the pregnancy is the result of rape or incest, or the mothers life is in danger.' France to introduce samesex marriage bill Togo women push sex strike to unseat president Magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes off the coast of El 
Salvador Rebels shot down a Syrian army helicopter Video footage showed the burning helicopter falling to the ground in a trail of smoke, as rebels on the ground could be heard shouting God is greatest (Allhu Akbar) A block of 120 NonAligned nations begin summit in Iran. Joinee by UN Chief and Palestinian President. Britain wants to restart Assange talks with Ecuador
 Ragtag Revolts in Parts of Afghanistan Repel Taliban University of the People, a tuitionfree online university aimed at poor students around the globe who would otherwise not have access to higher education. New Megaupload Will Be Massive Global Network To Change The World We are building a massive global network, Dotcom revealed, adding that hosters will all be able to connect to the network to add servers and bandwidth  providing theyre not in the US Dont Let Them Trade Away Our Internet Freedoms The TPP endangers the Internet and digital freedoms on par with ACTA, SOPA, and PIPA...The TPP is a major threat because it will rewrite global rules on IP enforcement and restrict the public domain. Gaza 'will not liveable by 2020'  UN Australian Employment minister Bill Shorten has declared he finds it hard to make ends meet on his $330,000 salary while denying a rise to the $13,000 unemployment benefit. Father blows up daughter's boyfriend. Young cannabis smokers run risk of lower IQ, report claims Egyptian designer runs afoul of Saudi princess, gets 500 lashes Nagla Wafa, a 39yearold Egyptian designer in a dispute with the Saudi monarchy has been formally sentenced to 500 lashes and 5 years in prison, where she has been kept with little contact with the outside world and does not have access to a lawyer.  After attacks, Israeli schools confront hate Israeli students are being required to discuss the attempted lynching of a number of Palestinian youths Israeli army 'cleared' in Rachel Corrie death ExGeneral's Daughter Lured To Lagos, Killed By Facebook Friends Food shortages could force world into vegetarianism, warn scientists Egyptian President hires women and Christians as steps toward diversity. How the US and Israeli justice systems whitewash state crimes Israeli court rules killing of American activist accident; US Ambassador says Israeli inquiry is insufficient China testfires new nuclearcapable ICBM Canadian children's rights group condemns AAP circumcision policy as seriously flawed University of Cape Town claims to have found a single dose cure for Malaria. Malaria kills 1.2m people a year. Exclusive We believe that the USA is the major player against Syria and the rest are its instruments Dutch man gets suspended term for insulting queen on Twitter The Forgotten SovietJapanese War of 1939 From May to September 1939, the USSR and Japan fought an undeclared war involving over 100,000 troops. It may have altered world history.  Gaza will no longer be liveable by 2020 unless urgent action is taken to improve water supply, power, health, and schooling, the United Nations' most comprehensive report on the Palestinian enclave said on Monday. Marines punish nine for urinating on Taliban corpses; punishment due soon in Quran burning BBC News  French police break up Roma encampment in Lyon Poor in India Starve as Politicians Steal $14.5 Billion of Food  The theft blunted the countrys only weapon against widespread starvation  a fivedecadeold public distribution system that has failed to deliver record harvests to the plates of Indias hungriest. Shenzhen, where some of China's largest electronics manufacturers are located, looks set to hike its minimum wage by 13.3%, in a move that could cause a ripple effect across the world's major technology companies.  In Feb. Guatemalan President Molina said his country is not doing what the US says, we're doing what we have to do   decriminalize drugs.  Now US Marines have been sent in to help oust the Zeta Drug Cartel.  The US Navy, Coast Guard, & federal agents are also involved.  Bill for gay marriage passes first reading in New Zealand Russias volleyball coach commits suicide after Olympic failure  report Hundreds Of Websites Go Dark In Jordan In SOPAStyle #BlackoutJo Protest Over Internet Freedom Desmond Tutu quits summit with Blair over invasion of Iraq. Nobel peace winner says he won't share platform with 'morally indefensible' former PM
 Blizzard cuts off Iranian Access to WoW because of 'U.S. trade sanctions' Stephen Hawking to star in Paralympics opener Russian President Vladimir Putin is spending billions of taxpayers' rubles on 20 luxurious residences, 43 jets and four yachts, a top opposition leader claimed Tuesday. It's estimated that the maintenance of Putin's residences, jets and cars alone costs $2.5 billion a year. Possible Malaria cure found at the University of Cape Town, South Africa. CIA balked at chance to kill bin Laden in 99, Polish exspy says IBM and MS deciding New Zealand legislation In 2010, Microsoft and IBM convinced the Ministry of Economic Dev to abandon plans to exclude software from patentability, as seen in the new version of the text published on Aug 2012 Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid in wake of doctor's beheading Bolivian police seize 2 tons of uranium...that was being stored at a building in central La Paz located near the U.S. and Spanish embassies.
 Anger over Australian supermarket 'no Indians' job ad. Multiple roofs on fire after planned WW2 Bomb detonation in Munich  Is ABC Starting to Understand BitTorrent Demand? In an attempt to dissuade Aussie punters from torrenting the show, ABC announced it will offer this weekends new Doctor Who episode on its iView service as soon as it finishes airing in the UK France opens murder inquiry' into Yasser Arafat death  China Aims High From the Bottom of the World  Country plans 2 worldclass telescopes for its Antarctic observatory.  The pair will be among the biggest & most significant telescopes in Antarctica. Astronomers have long thought Dome A is the best place on Earth to gaze at the Universe. UK's Deputy PM demands an emergency tax on the rich to cope with downturn A little bit of WWII just came back to Munich An American bomb was found; disarming impossible; now it was detonated, setting nearby houses on fire Threeperson civil union sparks controversy in Brazil Archbishop Tutu refuses platform with Blair.
Nobel Peace laureate pulls out of leadership conference in protest against exUK PM's role in USled Iraq invasion. Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid after beheading Some 270 South African miners arrested during protests will be charged with the murder of their 34 colleagues shot by police Missing woman unknowingly joins search for herself It's not rhetoric to draw parallels with Nazism 
Actual fascists in actual black shirts are waving swastikas and murdering ethnic minorities in Athens Drunk driver ends medalwinning cyclist's dream of competing at Paralympics 2 women stabbed, 'Free Pussy Riot' scrawled in blood at murder scene Two women were stabbed to death in a gruesome killing in Russias Kazan, and Free! Pussy Riot was painted on the wall in what police believe was the victims blood Illegal gold miners allegedly massacre Amazon tribe in Venezuela Chinese Blame Failing Bridges On Corruption No nation has built so many roads, bridges and buildings so quickly as China. But since 2011, eight bridges have collapsed, according to China's staterun media. Many believe the culprit is government corruption An 8yearold boy in England could be up to $63,000 richer, thanks to a piece of solidified whale vomit he picked up on the beach. President Putin is rumored to be among the worlds 
wealthiest men, with an oilfed fortune worth tens 
of billions of dollars. He denies that, vehemently, 
but a report to be published Tuesday suggests that 
the dispute may be beside the point. Why are Mexican ecoanarchists bombing nanotechnology researchers? An attack by gold miners on a group of Yanomami tribespeople in Venezuela has left up to 80 people dead, according to campaign groups. The women of the African country of Togo might be the first to try to bring down a dictator by staging a sex strike. A space telescope has added to its list of spectacular finds, spotting millions of supermassive black holes and blisteringly hot, extreme galaxies Mexican police attacked CIA officers, ambush likely sources Violent Attack on Rabbi in Berlin Draws Outrage Indian diplomatic bag found in French Alps after 46 years, believed to be from an Air India plane which crashed there. FIVE AUSSIES DEAD Soldiers killed in Afghanistan attack and chopper crash | news.com.au A Muslim Sufi leader has been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the Russian republic of Dagestan. Said Afandi, a leader of Sufi Muslims in the region, and five of his followers were killed onTuesday night by a female suicide bomber in an attack at Afandis home in the village of Chirkei. Mexicans see a losing battle in the war on crooked police (LA Times) Arab states looking to turn IAEA meeting into referendum on Israeli nukes Mexican prosecutors said Wednesday they are seeking to arrest a former border state governor who U.S. officials allege laundered millions of dollars in South Texas Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid in wake of doctor's beheading  IAEA Iran doubles underground nuclear capacity, preparing for a possible major expansion of uranium enrichment in a fortified underground facility World record as message in bottle found after 98 years near Shetland Julian Assange Argentine ambassador accuses 'arrogant' Britain of violating international law  World's richest woman says poor should have less fun, work harder Gay man gets 'maternity' leave in Brazil  Brazils social security agency has, for the first time, given a fourmonth maternity leave to a gay man so that he can care for his adopted child.
 Norway writes down 90% of populations mortgage debt Over 100,000 people demand that Peter Sunde, former spokesperson of The Pirate Bay, be pardoned from his sham verdict by the Swedish Administration South Africa uses apartheidera law to accuse 270 miners of murder South African authorities on Thursday invoked a legal move seldom used since the dying days of apartheid in order to charge 270 striking miners with the murder of 34 coworkers who were seen being shot dead  DroneTracking App Gets No Traction From Apple For the third time in a month, Apple has rejected a proposed app that tracks American drone strikes. The company says the app is objectionable and crude; the developer says he wants to encourage more dialogue about drone attacks. Police probing Quebec maple syrup heist worth up to $30million Drink Less, Work More, Aussie Billionaire Tells NonRich Deadly Tuberculosis now drug resistant Julian Assange I could stay in Ecuadorean embassy for a year  WikiLeaks founder believes case against him will be dropped as William Hague admits 'solution is not in sight' to extradition row Food prices jump 10% in July and are expected to keep rising. The countries most affected are the poorest, which are not only the most food insecure but also experiencing the sharpest increases 'Blind faith' in DNA test led innocent man to be jailed for murder 7.9 earthquake in Philippines Americans Shot in Mexico Were C.I.A. Operatives Aiding in Drug War Chaos as Strikes Ground Planes at Frankfurt Airport  Lufthansa flight attendants walked off the job for eight hours on Friday resulting in over 200 flight cancellations and a temporary ban on incoming flights into Germany's biggest airport. The labor dispute will likely result in more strikes soon. FinSpy, A Software Meant to Fight Crime Is Used to Spy on Dissidents. Two researchers say an offtheshelf computer program has been used to monitor and spy on dissidents in countries around the world A fisherman found the oldest message in a bottle at sea. The previous record holder was found by the same boat. Russia plans to build sea based missile shield UN nuclear agency confirms Iran has shrouded site, says its probe significantly hampered Eurozone unemployment at new high  BBC News 7.9 quake hits off Philippines  tsunami warning Everything you need to know about the September 12 German court decision that could rock the entire world US, Israel responsible for Syria conflict Iran Iran Persian interpreter tampers with Morsi's NAM speech to deflect criticism of Syria A Tokyo court has ruled Samsung hasn't infringed on an Apple patent, in the latest development in the legal battle between the two technology titans.


 Once the highway network is completed, an estimated 15,000 additional people will switch from driving to biking... The bike highway alone is expected to save Copenhagen's health care system some $60 million a year. Ireland calls for minimum Internet speeds of 30Mbps EU states appear poised to blow US minimum levels of service out of the water Arctic sea ice hit its lowest extent ever recorded  When your children ask how and why it all went so wrong, point them to yesterday's date, and explain that the world is not led by rational people.  Apple loses Samsung patent case in Japan After Banning Circumcision, German Courts Are Going After Baby Ear Piercing  Dad supports fiveyearold son in a slightly less than traditional manner. Barclays makes 500m betting on food crisis Iranian TV translator tampers with Egyptian President Morsi speech, replacing Syria with Bahrain throughout the entire speech An adolescent boy and a young girl have been beheaded in two separate incidents in Afghanistan, local officials and police said on Friday, in the latest brazen attacks that have raised fresh questions about a splintering Taliban. As Kurdish flags fly over border towns, they seem to signal the end of Syria as a unitary state, despite efforts by Turkey and Syrian rebel forces to push the genie of Kurdish nationalism back into the lamp. Gottfrid Svartholm Warg  One of four Piratebay founders arrested yesterday in Cambodja Norway prison seeks 'friends' to play hockey, chess with mass killer Breivik Hikers discover wreckage of plane carrying Indian diplomatic mail & newspapers from 1966  The diplomatic pouch was intact, & the Indian Embassy in Paris has confirmed the discovery in the Alpine glacial ice near Mont Blanc U.S. scalesback military exercise with Israel, making it more difficult for the Israeli government to launch a preemptive strike on Tehran's nuclear program Empowering Prague's Homeless by Hiring Them as Tour Guides Vladimir Putin, President of the Russian Federation We should carry out the same powerful, allembracing leap forward in modernization of the defense industry as the one carried out in the 1930s  Oscarwinning film American Beauty banned in Russia for containing homophobia and gay propaganda.  Cardinal Carlo Martini says Church '200 years behind' the times. Thieves Hit Warehouse Holding $30 Million Of Canadian Maple Syrup Woman acquitted of driving under the influence of marijuana. Quebec sisters died in Thailand from drinking DEET. Though the chemical is a potentially neurotoxic mosquito repellent, it is used as an ingredient in a euphoriainducing cocktail that is popular among youth in Thailand...cough syrup, Coke, DEET + ground up kratom leaves, a mild narcotic Argentina to track all credit card purchases & impose 15% tax on all foreign transactions. Centuriesold theological disputes have broken out in cyberspace as religions aim to influence the future presentation of faith on the Internet. 120member Nonaligned Nations unanimously decrees support for Iran's nuclear energy program; criticize US for its unilateral economic sanctions against Iran Australians are fending off threats to their right to privacy from all directions First, AG Roxons push to expand govt online surveillance powers... then the Senate approved a bill granting authorities the power to require phone and ISPs to store up to 180 days worth of personal data South Africa to drop murder charges against miners Cleric planted evidence of Koran desecration by 13yo girl; seeked to get rid of christians.  Melting glacier reveals World War I ammunition A Pakistani cleric who accused a 14 year old Christian girl of blasphemy has himself been arrested for tampering with evidence.  Iran and North Korea sign agreement to cooperate in science and technology, declaring that the two countries have common enemies. Germany Rabbi brutally beat in front of his sixyearold daughter sparks outrage Half of the 6,000 plus spoken languages today will disappear by the end of the century.  Canadian military store owner defends selling Nazi memorabilia, saying it's part of history If cannabis impairs the IQ of those who smoke as teenagers, then legalising it is the best way to mitigate that harm Egypt Shuts Down Last Jewish Synagogue. For the first time in 2,000 years, this year there will be no Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur services at the Eliyahu Hanavi Synagogue in Alexandria.
 Worlds oldest bank faces uncertain future. In Italy, the oldest bank in the world has survived the Borgias, pestilence and too many wars to count. Now, a mundane foe has proved far more dangerous Italian government debt. Canada Hunts Maple Syrup Thieves  They've stolen millions of dollars worth of highly prized maple syrup from a storage facility. The 'Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers' noticed empty barrels after inventory.  It's unclear how much was stolen.
 The Syrian resistance now has antiaircraft missiles after raiding Government air defense base.  Imam held in Pakistan blasphemy case Pakistani police have arrested an imam accused of planting burnt pages of the Koran in the bag of a Christian girl accused of blasphemy Mexican cartels now trafficking  cigarettes? Putin calls for Stalinstyle [military] leap forward Migron settlers begin leaving homes Israeli armyJewish settlers began leaving the unauthorized outpost of Migron in the occupied West Bank on Sunday, obeying an Israeli supreme court order to vacate their homes by Tuesday. Iran could be shaping its nuclear ambitions after Japan, which has the full scope of nuclear technology but has stopped short of actually producing a weapon. It creates, in effect, a de facto nuclear power with all the parts but just not pieced together. Two Afghan children beheaded in separate incidents  We are not sure if she was beheaded by her family or the Taliban Turkish Tanker Spilling Oil on South African Beaches  Run aground 3 yrs ago off Cape Town, a prime tourist city, it's spilling oil onto 2 beaches after disintegrating into 3 pieces Friday. Black oil fingers are trickling toward Dolphin Beach.  Bail hopes dashed of Christian girl in Pakistan blasphemy case Pakistan police arrest Muslim cleric accused of planting evidence in Christian blasphemy case The cleric allegedly planted pages of a Quran in a shopping bag containing burned papers and ash that had been carried by a Christian girl Defenders and critics in France agree that the actual impact of a law banning fullface veils in public places has been far less dramatic than the politicized prologue to it Imam held in Pakistan blasphemy case Azeri murderer is set free and becomes National Hero