 EU Wants to Sneak in a MiniACTA by the Backdoor U.S. Tells Iran We Won't Join Israeli Attack Why Does Canada Have a Strategic Maple Syrup Reserve?  Pakistani Imam faces blasphemy charge for trying to 
frame Christian girl for burning the Koran. Convert to Islam or leave Muslim neighborhood. Warning given to Christians in Lahore UK tells Ecuador Assange can't be extradited if he faces death penalty A woman presenter reads the news on Egypt's TV in Islamic headscarf for what is believed to be first time since 1960 In South Africa, four out of ten women say their first sexual experience was rape | Rape laws Crime and clarity Revealed US flew spy drone missions from Australia Disabled Pakistani girl framed in Koranburning case. Imam arrested for planting evidence The radical Islamists who control northern Mali appear incapable of managing basic services  including electricity, water and schools  and in some cases are asking for the return of state functionaries to run them Buddhist monks in Myanmar rally to expel minority Muslims from country China officials order pharmaceutical firms to check their suppliers after claims of gutter oil being used in antibiotics  It's reprocessed kitchen waste dredged from restaurant drains.  In April, China cracked down on workshops using rotting animals to make it. 70 egyptian generals forced into retirement  Israeli archaeologists say two animalshaped figurines discovered at the site of an Israeli highway construction project go back more than 9,000 years, and reflect the religious practices that were common in the region several millennia before Moses. BBC News  'Moonies' founder Sun Myung Moon dies at 92 Australian public urged to catch world's deadliest spiders due to antivenom shortage. Hundreds of Buddhist monks in Myanmar have staged a rally in support of President Thein Sein's proposal to send the members of the Rohingya minority group to another country. Sunday's rally in Mandalay is the latest indication of deepseated sentiment against the Rohingya. Australian troops have killed a 70 year old Imam and his son in their search for the rogue Afghan soldier who shot and killed three Australian soldiers, according to Afghan government. Paralympics Iranian athlete refuses to shake hands with Duchess of Cambridge  Gaza Man dies after setting himself on fire in poverty protest  Activist groups estimate that 5,000 people died this August in Syria in an attempt to revolt against President Bashar Assad's regime. Cardinal says Catholic church '200 years behind' China manufacturing hits threeyear low Trucks Full of Cash U.S. Firms Make Plans for Greece Euro Exit  European leaders have vowed to do all they can to keep the eurozone intact, but U.S. companies are making contingency plans in case Greece is forced to leave the currency union.  A virus that eats cancer, Cheap to 
produce, the virus is exquisitely 
precise, with only mild, flulike side
effects in humans is just sitting in a 
refrigerator in a Swedish laboratory.  Tens of thousands of elephants are being slaughtered as the ivory trade becomes militarised. Yemen official U.S. drone 'mistake' kills 13 civilians Jeremy Hunt, UK Health Secretary, thinks homeopathy works. We're one crucial step closer to seeing Tony Blair at The Hague Sweden, while publicly protesting, aided US invasion of Iraq A Swedish intelligence agency gave crucial info to US about targets for a bombing raid in the runup to Iraq invasion. At the time of the invasion thenPrime Minister Goran Persson called military attack on Iraq a breach of human rights 'A great silence is spreading over the natural world'  Islamic Clerics in Pakistan Vow to Defend and Support Framed Christian Girl No wage rise, no fly Lufthansa crews strike, 26,000 passengers stranded, almost 300 flights cancelled in Frankfurt as Berlin and Munich are joining the strike Pirate Bay Founder Will Be Deported, Cambodian Authorities Confirm Desmond Tutu with the truth again. South Africa in 2012 a is nightmare. To Back Democracy, U.S. Prepares to Cut $1 Billion From Egypts Debt Gazas Contaminated Water Worsens Health for Palestinians  The aquifer that provides water to the Gaza Strip may become unusable within four years and irreversibly damaged by 2020 unless pumping stops and major infrastructure upgrades are made, the United Nations said. Maldivian teen to face 100 lashes for sex Report | NDTV.com 16 percent of Japan's population live in poverty, 35 percent of workers are in irregular employment, and for the past 14 years more than 30,000 Japanese have taken their own lives. Africas Elephants Are Being Slaughtered in Ivory 
Poaching Frenzy A Ferrari crash kills privileged Chinese playboy and ruffles top leaders before power shift  The Washington Post BBC News  BitTorrent study finds most filesharers are monitored Fears Rising, Spaniards Pull Out Their Cash and Get Out of Spain Australian Government wants to store people's phone and Internet usage data for up to 2 years Liberia has sold quarter of its land to logging companies. Campaigners claim forests are under threat as landowners enter into deals with logging firms, bypassing sustainability laws
 In authoritarian North Korea, hints of reform  The Washington Post Julian Assange's backers lose 200,000 bail money Iran could hit U.S. bases in the Middle East in response to any Israeli strike even if American forces played no role in the attack Hezbollah Paralyzed patients regain some sensory function after neural stem cell treatment  HealthPop  CBS News 'I couldn't believe CNN was making me put what I knew to be government lies into my reporting.' 220 people evacuated from Swiss postal hub after a white substance was found in an envelope, 34 got hospitalized because they felt sick. Turns out it was cornflour. Worlds richest women calls for Australian wage cut 7.9 Earthquake off the coast of Costa Rica Attempted murder on Quebec's new prime minister. First women elected. LIVE A 74yearold farmer in a small town in southern Germany planted more than 1,000 cannabis plants in the mistaken belief they were sunflowers BP accused of gross negligence  Christians should 'leave their beliefs at home or get another jo  Explosion, Gunshot at victory speech from Canadian provincial election Iran Supplying Syrian Military via Iraq Airspace 4 Endangered Tiger Cubs & Over 100 Pangolins Found in Car by Vietnam Police   They're hunted for their fur, bones & other body parts for use in Chinese medicine.   Vietnam has 1 of    worst record in world in fight against trade in endangered species  an accusation it denies. Armenia 'ready for war' over axe killer's pardon Mexico arrests 'El Gordo,' alleged leader of Gulf Cartel drug gang Hate content against Hindus, Sikhs, Christians in Pakistan textbooks increases manifold  The Times of India British family finds medieval well under living room floor 7.9 earthquake strikes off the coast of Costa Rica Iran says it treats Israeli military threats as American 'Queen of Cocaine' Killed in Columbia Sailboat Becomes 1st to Sail Through Northwest Passage, Becoming Visual of Declining Polar Ice  Warming global temperatures &  melting polar ice caps have helped   the international 3man crew go where few have gone before Who are the Worst Tax Dodgers in Greece?   Tax evasion is so widespread & customary that bank loan officers use standard multipliers to convert reported income into real income. A doctor?  Assumed income is 2.45x reported.  Restaurant owner?  1.99x. But why different multipliers? 
 Peru villagers allege neglect after toxic spill Nigeria pirates hijack oil tanker near Lagos   The crew hid in a room on the ship.  The tanker was laden with fuel & is now sailing into the Gulf of Guinea, which suggests some or all of its cargo will be offloaded into a waiting vessel & sold on the region's illegal fuel market. Eurozone demands sixday week for Greece in return for bailout.  Iran makes no distinction between U.S. and Israeli 
interests and will retaliate against both countries if 
attacked | Reuters Mexico navy says it captured Gulf cartel leader. Mario Cardenas Guillen, alias El Gordo, is accused of being one of the two top leaders of the Gulf cartel of Mexico Evangelical Christian doctor in Australia banned from practicing as GP for prescribing chemical castration to cure teenager of being gay Berlin declares circumcision legal, but only if performed by a doctor  not as a ritual | The Times of Israel Not only did the US deliver Gaddafi his enemies on a silver platter but it seems the CIA tortured many of them first, $59 million Swedish Aid Package For Cambodia after Pirate Bay Founder Arrest 4 year girl hid under family's dead bodies for 8 hours before being found Medieval church discovered beneath parking lot. The church may be where King Richard III was buried in 1485. FBI must show piracy evidence to extradite Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom New Zealand court Assange case Sweden's shame in violating human rights. Japan Finds Major Rare Earth Deposits The Strange Deaths of 2 Canadian Sisters in Thailand  A hotel maid found  the sisters dead in their room, with lesions tracked across their bodies, their fingernails & toenails turned an odd grayish blue. They were huddled in their beds,  smeared with vomit & blood.  And they weren't the first. Putin Assange case a definite example of double standards, trial politically motivated War reporter shot in front of husband France shootings Three victims shot in head Asia's Richest Woman (Georgina Gina Rinehart) Slammed After Musing About Workers Paid $2 A Day Race to the End  Pakistan's terrible, horrible, nogood, very bad idea to develop battlefield nukes. Vladimir Putin to pilot hand glider at head of endangered crane migration  while disguised as a bird Christian girl hailed as 'daughter of nationy senior Pakistani cleric Report The US waterboarded Libyans opposed to Moamer Kadhafi and handed them over to his regime for further torture Depression, Suicides Rise as Euro Debt Crisis Intensifies Swedish Doctor and nurse let patient die so they can go on a lunch break. And they are still working! BBC News  Detailed map of genome function   80% of our genome is performing a specific function and The term junk DNA must now be junked. China buys Egypt from the US. The US is suddenly competing for influence over its once most stalwart ally in the Middle East. Islamic Green Lantern introduced by DC Comics New superhero is a tattooed ArabAmerican called Simon Baz with a criminal record for illegal street racing RT Small Catalonian town declares independence from Spanish Government  Between Gandhi and Gates India at Crossroads on Path to Superpower Status  Poverty is still rampant in India and chaos remains a defining characteristic. But the country is also a global leader in high tech, has become the world's leading weapons importer and is planning a mission to Mars.  Afghan actress stabbed to death by male mob for appearing on television. Numerous other actresses have received death threats and have been forced into hiding. Afghanistan is not made for women... whether actresses or not. Canada closes embassy in Iran, expels Iranian diplomats Mount Fuji Prone to a Full Eruption Soon, Pressure Now Higher than the Last 4,000metrehigh Eruption Experts Warn (disaster imminent?) World's richest woman chastises Australian miners for being too expensive, saying, Africans want to work. Its workers are willing to work for less than $2 per day. ExF1 driver Alex Zanardi wins gold at 2012 Paralympics.  11 years after his horrific incident. S.Arabia may not have oil to export by 2030 Of the 51 selfimmolations, 41 have died. That speaks to just how grave and desperate the situation is that Tibetans are choosing to die than to leave. Science wins over creationism in South Korea Government asks publishers to retain examples of evolution in science textbooks Are Chinese Banks Hiding The Mother of All Debt Bombs?  China's massive bank financed stimulus was intended to keep the economy moving. It may instead lead to economic disaster.  Canada closes Iran embassy, expels remaining Iranian diplomats Mother of Gary Mackinnon, British autistic hacker under threat of extradition to US, writes open letter to UK government No ban on pesticides that 'threaten bees' European and American reports say nerve agents may be a danger, but the UK goes on using them
 Greek police protesting against austerity cuts blocked the 
entrance to the riot police headquarters on Thursday, preventing buses 
carrying riot police from leaving for the site of major demonstrations this 
weekend. Agent Orange victims in Vietnam to get Scientology 'detox' treatment Germany Overtakes US in Global Competitiveness  SPIEGEL ONLINE The Myth That Japan Is Broke The World's Largest Debtor Is Now the World's Largest Creditor
 Iran sends elite troops to aid Assad regime Report assails palm oil project in Cameroon as a land grab  The area to be developed, which is about eight times the size of Manhattan, is a hot spot of biodiversity, and the 99year land lease is of questionable legal status The 14th round begins of negotiations over the TPP, a secretive, multinational trade agreement that threatens to extend restrictive IP laws across the globe and rewrite international rules on their enforcement The current rate of Arctic ice melt 'like adding 20 years of CO2 emissions'  Netanyahu 'lost his temper,' reprimanded U.S. ambassador over Iran, says congressman Pope urged to recognise Palestinian state Arctic ice melting at amazing speed, scientists find. Unprecedented and surprising change likely to affect global climate.  Xi Jinping, China's Next Leader, Is Secretly Hinting At Reforms Kalashnikov Manufacturer Faces Bankruptcy David Nutt If Alcohol Were Discovered Today, Would it be Legal? Booze has created a public health crisis of immense proportions
 The Yangtze River turned red today Thailand proposes free health care for kids  Sec. Clinton is trying to get the 1974 JacksonVanik amendment lifted so we can start trading with Russia Ryanair CEO 'Stupid' Passengers Deserve Fees Stunning Video Shows Greek NeoNazis Smashing An Immigrant's Stand At A Market (business insider)
 Hong Kong backs down over Chinese patriotism classes. Suicide bomber who killed six in Afghanistan was 14 years old Japan cuts $78b in spending, warns reserves may dry up by November Vatican official says Israel fostering intolerance of Christianity  responding inadequately to violent attacks against the faith by Jewish extremists The Arab Spring is dead  and Syria is writing its obituary  Police shootings raise questions over CIA role in Mexico Experts warn of 'perfect storm' for global economy  Syrian rebels use kidnappings to raise funds Syrian troops storm Palestinian refugee district. South African police shot fleeing miners, witness says United Kingdom's Prince Harry was deployed to Afghanistan this Friday as an Apache helicopter pilot for the Britain's Army Air Corps. Hong Kong backs down over plans for compulsary Chinese patriotism classes after weeks of protest; classes will be optional for schools BBC News  China earthquake death toll rises in Yunnan and Guizhou Large weapons cache found in Mexico after 9 year old boy takes gun to school For the first time in nearly a decade, the Colombian govt will sit down for peace talks with the Marxist guerrillas of the FARC, which has been fighting to create a socialist Colombia since 1964 Rimsha Masih, 14 year old Christian who allegedly burned pages of the Quran, freed on bail by Pakistani authorities Pirate Attacks Down as Private Maritime Security Business Booms  In the Indian Ocean, home to some of the world's busiest shipping lanes, a war rages between Somali pirates, who have attacked 800 ships and taken 3,400 hostages in the past four years, and private security firms Sweden's Shame  In 2001, the Swedish government turned over two Egyptians to the CIA so that they could be sent to Egypt, where they were tortured. Has The German Pirate Party Lost Its Way? French surgeon returning from Aleppo says half of rebels are nonSyrians wishing to set up an Islamic state with sharia law to become part of the world Emirate Putin Says Missile Deal Is More Likely With Obama ...praising President Obama as a very honest man and chastising the Republican nominee, Mitt Romney, for describing Russia as without question our No. 1 geopolitical foe. Javan rhino clings to survival in last forest stronghold There are only 35 rhinos left in one wild population, and none in captivity Philippines' 14year fight for birth control National surveys show 6570% of Filipinos support the Reproductive Health bill, but it faces fierce opposition by the country's Roman Catholic Church leaders Sexist remarks and wolfwhistles could become criminal offences Three New Zealand citizens are being put in front of the Copyright Tribunal for pirating music over peertopeer filesharing networks, under the Skynet law. Frances richest man applies to become a (lesstaxed) Belgian citizen UK Drugs policies are not working, believe 75% of MPs 'More than threequarters of the MPs said that drug policy needed to draw much more on evidence and research.' Decriminalise cannabis, ecstasy to curb addiction report (Australia) New Zealand high Court throws out climate change critic's lawsuit against scientists. (xpost r/environment) Iceland Shows Other Europeans How to Survive Bankruptcy Small Atlantic nation enjoys growth and employment gains after failing to rescue its banks. Mainland Europe remains stuck with stagnation, decline, and ruinous rescue packages India makes history with 100th space mission Mass protest in Japan against U.S. hybrid aircraft  Tens of thousands of people rallied on Japans southern island of Okinawa Sunday against the deployment of US Osprey military aircraft after a series of accidents elsewhere involving the planes Syrian government destroys water pipe that delivered drinking water to millions of residents of Aleppo Pakistan has prohibition laws; therefore, it has a moonshine problem Worlds Richest Gain $25 Billion as Zong Now Top in China  The 40 richest people on the planet added $25.3 billion to their collective net worth this week Kurdish gathering turns violent in Mannheim  Around 80 police officers were injured and 31 people arrested in Mannheim on Saturday after an international gathering of about 40,000 Kurds erupted in violence triggered when a teenager was stopped with a banned flag. Iraq's Sunni vice president sentenced to death Nucleararmed Iran not an option, says German foreign minister  Calls on Tehran for substantial negotiations over its controversial atomic program.  We share the Israeli concerns about Iran's nuclear program.  Nicaragua volcano belches ash cloud, hundreds evacuate  Nicaraguas tallest volcano, San Cristobal, belched an ash cloud nearly a mile into the air on Saturday.
 Threat to wildlife haven in 'scariest place on Earth'  The forbidden public toilets of Beijing Egypt coordinating with Israel in Sinai military offensive   Egypt's military has been coordinating its offensive against Islamist militants in the Sinai Peninsula with Israel. Cairo said it has killed 32 militants and arrested 38 people since Operation Sinai began in August.  Nicaraguan volcano spews ash cloud, residents evacuated BBC News  Iraq VP Tariq alHashemi sentenced to death Caribbean coral reefs face collapse.  Only 8% showing live coral cover. Man wakes up from coma after 7 years after given sleeping pill Declassified documents add to proof that US helped cover up 1940 Soviet massacre A top story today on Australia's public broadcaster 
Academics advise legalizing marijuana and 
ecstasy,nationally. French newspaper to France's richest man Get lost, you rich bastard It Keeps Growing  41,000 South African Miners Go on Strike   They say   they're getting desperate & do not have enough money to feed their families because of the nowork, nopay strike.  But they remain resolute & won't return to work until their wage demand is met. 


 China's next president injured.  Rumored to be assassination attempt. Hong Kong citizens to China We refuse your propaganda. Slaughtering Of Elephants Is Soaring Because Of China's Demand For Ivory  because of the economy in China, there is a huge middle class that is able to afford ivory. For the first time in history, hundreds of millions of Chinese, who have always liked ivory, are able to buy it. Japan minister Matsushita found dead at home in 
possible suicide police | The Japan Times Online America's refusal to extradite Bolivia's expresident to face genocide charges 
A Roman parade cavalry helmet that fetched over 2.2 million at auction after unearthed by a metal detector enthusiast in a Cumbrian field is going on display for 1st time  With its curls & face mask, it has a ''hauntingly impassive expression'' & is a great masterpiece of Roman metalwork.  
 Indian cartoonist arrested on sedition charges after criticizing government corruption Canadian citizen age 30 arrested while visiting Israel for not serving in IDF 13 years ago; to stand trial as deserter  It smells of chemicals and it gives you a headache, Sometimes I feel like vomiting...  Fifteenyearold Elena goes up and down the rows removing flowers from tobacco plants for 12 or more hours a day. Devastated Mexican father asks Why did my son have to die for the US's failed war on drugs? SA miners 'killed while trying to surrender'. Witnesses allege police brutality in shooting of striking miners at Marikana mine last month that left 34 people dead. France's richest man denies tax exile bid  LVMH boss Bernard Arnault says he is not becoming a tax exile, despite seeking Belgian nationality as Paris moves to impose a 75% wealth tax. Indian family launch court action for return of KohiNoor diamond  The descendants of the last Maharaja of the Sikh Empire, who was forced to hand over the KohiNoor diamond to Queen Victoria, will on Monday launch a court action for his body and possessions to be returned to India.  Iraq vicepresident sentenced to death amid deadly wave of insurgent attacks Study finds that in total s, it was the educated middleclass that avoided the most taxes in Greece. Hundreds of Palestinians attack Jewish village while chanting slaughter the Jews Can Israel Surprise Iran? Maybe Not Years of public speculation, much of it stoked by official statements in Israel and abroad, about the likelihood and timing of such a conflict have afforded the Iranians plenty of notice to fortify their threatened nuclear facilities and prepare retaliation. Former German first lady battles redlight rumors Sues Google Yet Again, Congo Faces The Specter Of Civil War  NPR 

South Korea rejects creationist interference in school textbooks Anonymous takes down Godaddy.com WikiLeaks releases 32k Syria emails India to back Palestine's full UN membership bid Loving dog dies saving suicidal owner from train tracks. China tries to persuade the city of Corvallis, Oregon to force a businessman to remove a mural from his downtown building. US drug addiction impedes Mexican growth  President Calderon 'stated that the US was the root cause of the drugs war that has claimed over 50,000 lives in Mexico.' Russia sets 'super goal' of establishing Moon base Jerusalem police announced that over they past month they uncovered a massive weapons cache inside a vegetable shop in east Jerusalem, with dozens of weapons, ammunition, pipe bombs, Hamas literature, and a quarter of a million shekels. Mysterious absence of top Chinese official latest Communist Party woe Presumptive new leader Xi Jinping not seen since September 1, missing scheduled meetings with foreign dignitaries French homosexuals will be able to adopt children in the same conditions as heterosexual couples in the new gay marriage law proposed by the French government (article in translated French, sorry) The supervision of Kosovo is finished  Kosovo declared 'fully independent' Scientology threatens Vanity Fair over Tom Cruise 'auditions' claims Andy Murray becomes first British man since Fred Perry in 1936 to win a Grand Slam singles title. Australia Determined to Stop Dutch SuperTrawler From Fishing in its Waters by Immediately Changing  Environmental Protection Laws  There's never been a fishing vessel of this capacity in Australia before. There are risks to environment, commercial operators &  everyone who loves fishing.  A rare scarab amulet newly unearthed in Tel Aviv reveals the ancient Egyptian presence in this modern Israeli city. Suicide bombing at Turkey police station kills 1 Somalia, after two decades of war, has taken a major step toward stability  electing an activist leader as president. Russian Authorities' Shocking Nighttime Demolition of a Pentecostal Church in Moscow  Forbes Oregon town angers China with mural on Taiwan, Tibet Violence continues in Kenya's Tana river area despite a dusktodawn curfew after the deaths of about 100 people in weeks of clashes Bin Laden raid doctor Shakil Afridi speaks out Channel 4 cancels controversial screening of Islam 
The Untold Story documentary after presenter Tom 
Holland is threatened Stowaway plunges to death from plane in residential street under Heathrow flight path   Telegraph Where is China's Vice President Xi Jinping?  

The strange disappearance from public view of China's heir apparent Vice President Xi Jinping has puzzled observers. US ambassador and 3 staff members killed in an attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya Drunk North Korean man floats to South Korea For the first time, White House declines Netanyahu request to meet with Obama Egypt Protesters Attack U.S. Embassy In Cairo Witnesses say an armed mob has attacked the US consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi and set fire to the building in what they say was a protest at a film deemed offensive to Islam's Prophet Muhammad. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev calls for 3 members of punk band Pussy Riot to be freed Hillsborough Report reveals police dramatically altered 164 police statements (including removing 116 comments about policing) revolving around the death of 96 football fans 1.5 million turn out in Barcelona in rally for independence from Spain. US ambassador to Libya 'killed in attack on Benghazi consulate' Report Maker of antiIslamic film 'Innocence of Muslims' goes into hiding U.S. to send Marines to Libya to bolster security Catalan independence rally brings Barcelona to a standstill Surge in secessionist sentiment surprises regional government as Madrid dismisses ig gesture'
 CCTV cameras being used in more than 200 schools changing rooms and toilets across Britain Attack in Libya planned, protest used as diversion, U.S. sources say A News International executive who admitted that the company had destroyed computers and deleted emails during the phone hacking scandal has been promoted by Rupert Murdoch. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has accused his country's enemies of enacting a sinister plan to create a drought by somehow destroying the rain clouds before they reach Iran Assange threatened to sue film festival if they showed a documentary film on Wikileaks called WikiLeaks Secrets and Lies Afghanistan bans YouTube over antiIslam film JapanScientists sound alarm on plan to bury nuclear waste Benjamin Netanyahu has denounced American and British efforts to restrain Israel from striking Iran, saying that noone had a moral right to prevent his country from acting against a mortal threat.  You have to stop being gay, otherwise we will kill you. Homosexuals in Iraq face death threats from family, neighbors, police. Israel distances itself from Prophet Muhammad film MI6 boss 'visited Israeli Prime Minister to urge against attacking Iran'  Telegraph China Says No Questioning Its Sovereignty Over South China Sea  Netanyahu denied White House meeting  The White House has reportedly rejected a request by Binyamin Netanyahu, Israeli prime minister, to meet President Barack Obama in the US later this month. Up to 10 Libyans were also killed or wounded defending the US cousulate Dalai Lama tells his Facebook friends that religion is no longer adequate Iraqi government arresting gay men and lesbians and handing them over to Islamist militias Diplomat Killed in Libya playing MMO, tells other gamers Hope I 'Don't Die Tonight' A clash of civilizations? Not really. Egyptians and Libyans denounce extremist fringe responsible for attacks on US missions in their countries. It'd appear that Sam Bacile, the man behind the antiIslam film that sparked riots in Libya and Egypt, lied about his identity and is really Nakoula Basseley Nakoula. WHO ebola outbreak out of control in Congo, risks spreading to major towns Report indicates Libyan attack has hallmarks of a professional job, not a riot. There may be no antiIslamic movie at all  CSMonitor.com Russian Prime Minister Medvedev says Pussy Riot should be freed US officials say the Pentagon is moving 2 warships toward Libyan coast. Postembassy attack, Egyptian President Morsi's silence deafening  

President Mohamed Morsi, who still faces enormous skepticism as Egypt's first Islamist president, squandered an opportunity to reassure the international community that Egypt is stable. World's first colour moving pictures discovered Egypt to take legal action in U.S. against Prophet film makers Yemen protesters storm US embassy  live coverage US Diplomat killed in Libya told fellow gamers Assuming we dont die tonight. We saw one of our police that guard the compound taking pictures. 'This Does Not Represent Us' Moving Photos of ProAmerican Rallies in Libya  Politics  The Atlantic Wire Film That Stoked Mideast Violence Has Murky Parentage  NYTimes.com Iranians protesting infront of the Swiss Embassy in Teheran, Iran  Film That Stoked Mideast Violence Has Murky Parentage Director Sam Basile may not even exist, but producer Steve Klein and promoter Terry Jones have long history of antichoice and antiMuslim activism BBC News  US embassy in Yemen stormed in film protest Chris Stevens died at the hands of militants, not an offended mob
 Yemeni protesters storm U.S. embassy in Sanaa witnesses U.S. sending warships to Libyan coast after consulate attack Tepid response from Egypt government may be bigger concern for US than events in Libya. U.S. Embassy calls out Muslim Brotherhood over contradiction between the Brotherhoods Arabic and English Twitter postings.  English feed hope USEg relations will sustain turbulence of Tuesday's events. Arabic feed Egyptians revolt for the Prophets victory in front of U.S. embassy. Protesters try to storm German, British embassies in 
Sudan Maker of AntiMuslim movie is not IsraeliAmerican, but a Coptic Christian previously convicted of bank fraud. Report German embassy in Sudan on fire Arab Spring nations don't yet grasp freedom of dissent  CNN.com Protests have been reported today in Iraq, Iran, Indonesia, Qatar, Kashmir, Egypt, Yemen, Jordan, Sudan and Afghanistan. Protestors torch KFC in Tripoli, Lebanon (PHOTOS) China calls Romney's accusations 'as false as they are foolish'  EU working on consumer labels for Israeli settlement products. Denmark is spearheading an EU initiative to help consumers boycott Israeli settlement products. Six Chinese ships enter Japanese waters Hundreds of Muslim protesters storm German embassy in Sudan, raise Islamic flag Protesters set fire to American School in Tunis  Reuters Reports Toronto group says it wants to screen controversial antiIslam film  The Glo United States 'warned of Libya embassy attack but did nothing' Scottish wildcat to be extinct within months Japan warns its citizens in China after another round of assaults Protesters Attack US Embassy in Tunis. Egypt, hearing from Obama, moves to heal rift from protests. A blunt phone call from President Obama prompted Egyptian leaders to scramble Thursday to try to repair the countrys alliance with Washington Bosnian politician uploads porn to his web site in the hopes of improving his electoral prospects AntiUS protests spread across the Middle East US embassy under attack in Tunisia.  U.K. surveillance goes too far by putting cameras in school bathrooms Somali president survives assassination attempt  Video Topless Kate photos in French mag upset UK royals Man behind antiIslam film reportedly is Egyptianborn excon 289 Pakistan workers die in factory fire doors were locked to prevent workers from leaving early Why Is The Muslim World So Easily Offended? Sydney protest erupts over 'insulting' Islam film (Australia)
 Iraq police persecute, rape, murder homosexuals. Attack on one of largest American military base in Afghanistan, Camp Leatherneck, 2 marines dead Czech Republic declares state of prohibition starting today. Alcohol beverages containing deadly amounts of methanol are being illegally distributed resulting in 20 deaths already. The government has shut down all alcohols sales nationwide.  Benghazi airport shut down as heavy antiaircraft fire targets U.S drones Toronto Hindu group plans to screen controversial Prophet Mohammad film  with heavy security Tunisias governing moderate Islamist party condemned an attack on the U.S. Embassy in Tunis and the neighboring American school, saying such violence threatens the countrys progress toward democracy after decades of dictatorship Edmonton teacher who gave 0s for unsubmitted work 
fired Muslim protestors clash with police in Sydney. Inside the strange Hollywood scam that spread chaos across the Middle East A group of rightwing extremists aimed to destabilize postMubarak Egypt and roil US politicians. They got their wish Coptic Christians in Egypt preparing for backlash  The reaction in Egypt is going to be terrible 20 Muslim countries attack U. S. embassies. The Czech Republic indefinitely banned all sales of 
liquor with more than 20 percent alcohol on Friday 
after 19 people died from drinking bootleg vodka 
and rum containing poisonous methanol The Obama administration is flatly denying a blaring British newspaper report that the U.S. diplomats in Libya were killed as a result of a continuing security breach, and that credible information about possible attacks had been ignored. 'We'd do anything for Israel, but we don't do that,' say Mossad's female secret weapons For the first time in Israeli history, five agents have been allowed to give interviews
 No protest before Benghazi attack, wounded Libyan guard says AntiJapan protests in China over disputed islands swell and turn violent Mohammed Film Protests Spread To Jordan, Thousands Chant Listen Obama, All Of Us Are Osama EXCLUSIVE Panetta says Pentagon Prepositioning Forces for Additional Unrest 2 dead, 40 injured in Tunis as protesters storm US Embassy, set fire to American school Ambassador's killing US scrambles to rush spies, drones to Libya  The Times of India Muslim Protests Spread Across the Globe [pics] All current muslim protests mapped Forensic experts have failed to find crucial DNA evidence in the sexual assault case against Julian Assange Insurgents posing as US troops attacked an air base in Afghanistan  they killed two US Marines and destroyed six Harrier jets, but failed to kill Prince Harry A member of the Afghan police... bandaged his leg and pretended that he needed medical help; he shot the two British soldiers with a pistol when they came to his aid Iranian film depicts Jews as moneyhungry Arabkillers. Saturday Hunter, screened on Iranian TV, tells the story of a boy and his grandfather as they steal land from Arabs and execute civilians Over 100 arrested in protest of antiIslam film outside U.S. embassy in Paris US withdraws diplomats from Tunisia and Sudan Panasonic Plant in China on Fire as AntiJapan Protests Escalate Woolworths South Africa boycotted over Whites need not apply campaign against hiring white employees Iran foundation boosts bounty to kill Rushdie Assange gets an Aboriginal passport  Scientists shocked after Canadian government assigns IT staff to monitor ozone data The Incredible Muslim Hulk proves to be no friend of Islam either China willing to risk a minor conflict over its territorial dispute with Japan Iran acknowledges it has troops in Syria Four Nato troops killed by 'Afghan police' while trying to stop an insurgent attack on a police checkpoint Protests against desecration of Quran leads to 6 dead and 12 injured in Ghaziabad, India Sunday, Sep. 16, 2012
Nishimiya, Japan's ambassador to China, dies U.S. won't tolerate efforts to harm Americans Obama
 Israel War with Iran is not imminent.  Malaysia Holds Seminars on How to Spot Gay Children  Afghanistan Nato air strike 'kills eight women in Laghman'. Questions Abound as China Unveils Another Stealth Jet AntiPutin protest draws tens of thousands  Yahoo! News Khmer Rouge exminister Ieng Thirith, 80, released  She was released after the genocide tribunal in Cambodia ruled she's unfit to stand trial.  She was the most powerful woman among the Khmer Rouge, during which 2,000,000 people died between  19751979.
 Libya identifies 50 involved in U.S. attack official
| Reuters France Says No to Genetically Modified Crops, No to Fracking the ban specifically targets Monsanto's MON810 maize, as it is the only GMO currently allowed in Europe Japan's ambassador to China mysteriously dies in Tokyo  Salman Rushdie 'Satanic Verses would not be published today' and would be censored to appease Islam Myanmar frees all political prisoners Search starts for mother of young child in photograph holding sign 'Behead all those who insult the prophet' during Muslim riots in Sydney. OPEC is investing in solar power so they don't have to use their oil to refine more oil. Japan tooth patch could be end of decay ExMossad Chief Attack On Iran 'Stupidest Idea I've Ever Heard' Germany bars US pastor Terry Jones (the crazy one who burnt the Koran) Amid Japan China row, United States and Japan announce joint Missile Defense Program Key evidence in Assange case dissolves An armada of US and British naval power is massing in the Persian Gulf in the belief that Israel is considering a preemptive strike against Irans suspected nuclear weapons programme. Pirate Bay Founder Officially Arrested For Tax Hack, Denies Accusations
 Iran confirms it has forces in Syria and will take military action if pushed 17 Men Found Shot &  Tied Up in Chains in Mexico  Witnesses say  people in trucks stopped along a road & tossed the bodies out.  At least 60,000 have died in drugrelated violence in Mexico since 2006.

  Time running out to save coral reefs, scientists say Around 70 per cent of corals are expected to suffer from longterm degradation by 2030, even if strict emission cuts are enforced, according to the study




 Panasonic closes China plants after violent protests  Growing tension between China and Japan fuels concerns over potential war Berlin residents unhappy with visiting hipsters Government hands keys to Senkaku Islands to Japan Coast Guard  China claims most of South China Sea based on it existing on ancient maps, even though some are less than 20 miles from another country's main shorelines China tensions force Japanese companies to retreat 50 arrested over US envoy killing in Libya Mysterious tourist deaths in Asia prompt poison probe  CNN.com Amanpour shoots down Brian Ross claim that Iran four weeks away from nuclear weapons Russia has just declassified news that will shake world gem markets to their core the discovery of a vast new diamond field containing trillions of carats, enough to supply global markets for another 3,000 years. Canada rises to Top Five in world economic freedom ranking as U.S. plummets to 18th | Canada | Russia signs deal with North Korea to write off 90% of North Korea's $11 billion debt to Moscow Japan to prevent Chinese landing on disputed islands y any means' In Africa's warm heart, a cold welcome for Chinese As Chinese miners, merchants and laborers surf into Africa on the back of a wave of big investments, a grassroots backlash against Beijing's increasing diplomatic and commercial clout is sweeping through the continent
 Arctic expert predicts final collapse of sea ice within four years a global disaster now unfolding in northern latitudes as the sea area that freezes and melts each year shrinks to its lowest extent ever recorded, Billionaire calls for end to aid to poor countries Airport ditches controversial bodyscanners  Telegraph Japan Discovers Massive Rare Earth Mineral Deposits Under Pacific Ocean Egypt issues arrest warrants for Koranburning pastor Terry Jones, 7 others over antiIslam film Death of world's coral reefs could wreak global chaos. 'High value' air passengers may get fasttrack passport checks  UK Border Agency working on plans for priority passport lanes for rich travellers at Heathrow and other British airports How Angela Merkel's bold plan to save Europe may have just saved Barack Obama. Shell executive caught after accidentally printing child pornography at work Shell Executive Anthony Sturman Jailed for Printing Child Pornograpy at Work. Japanese coast guard warns Chinese ship near disputed islands Witness says Libyans tried to rescue U.S. ambassador Stevens after he was found in alive in consulate office UK student charged for 'grossly offensive' Facebook post  under the Malicious Communications Act of 1988 'Azher Ahmed posted a message on his Facebook page in response to the news that six British soldiers had died in an Afghanistan IED attack.' Islamists destroy tomb of Muslim saint in Mali Pakistan Bans Youtube after it refuses to block video. Behead all those who insult the prophet sign child deemed safe as mother talks to police Iran says explosives cut power line to nuclear site After 45 deaths and a six week strike, mine workers in South Africa finally accept pay rise offer US diplomats at the embassy in Beirut, Lebanon are burning classified material as a precaution as antiAmerican protests spread to Lebanon. Irish Army's elite deployed to protect humanitarian cargo ships from Somali pirates in Aden  France bans protests against antiMuslim video Why British police dont have guns UK woman who falsely claimed she was raped by three men because she regretted having sex with them jailed for two years Protester dies after inhaling fumes from burning American flag French magazine to publish cartoons caricaturing the Prophet Mohammed Thousands of people in the Asian island nation of Sri Lanka have been struck by a mysterious and deadly form of kidney disease. A new study points to a likely cause pesticides and fertilizers.  Canadian University Requires Students To Pay $180 For 'Art History' Text That Has No Photos Due To Copyright Problems French weekly fuels Mohammad row with nude cartoons Foreign Ministry shut down everything Libyans tried to save U.S. ambassador, video shows Japanese firms closing China plants Report 4 injured after explosion at kosher store in a Paris suburb PAKISTAN Friday Will Be A Holiday To Protest Film Mocking Islam

 Georgia prisons minister resigns after revelations of inmate torture and rape AntiJapanese sentiments have spread to Hong Kong, Japanese couple is attacked by a Chinese man Hezbollah The height of US hypocrisy is that no one can question the Holocaust without escaping punishment, whereas when the greatest prophet of our nation is insulted, Hillary Clinton considers that America cannot do anything about freedom of expression. Five of the six biggest countries in the EU have called for a radical overhaul of European foreign and defence policy Cyberattacks hit 19 Japan websites amid Chinese protests There's a scramble to take control of resources exposed by melting ice. Japan Still Waiting for Chinese Fleet  As of Tuesday evening a giant flotilla hadn't materialized near the islands A populist group in Germany wants to publicly show the antiIslam film Innocence of Muslims, which is stoking a violent backlash across the Muslim world. Officials are reviewing whether they could ban the action, sparking a delicate debate over free speech and public order.  Britain shocked by shooting death of two unarmed female police officers To ban or not to ban? German rightwing group to show antiIslam film.  

After protesters torched the German embassy in Sudan last week, a German rightwing group announced plans to screen 'Innocence of Muslims.'  Now officials are weighing a ban of the event. Iran deploys submarine in Persian Gulf Fire tornado captured on film in Australia  video | World news | guardian.co.uk Free speech or incitement? French mag runs cartoons of Prophet Mohammed  Uruguay Takes War on Drugs in New Direction state monopoly over the production & distribution of marijuana, making it the 1st national government to sell cannabis directly to citizens Mystery of the Disappearing Bees Solved! Girls Beat Up Iran Cleric Over Dress Code   2 girls clobbered a cleric in a small town in Iran, when he admonished one of them to cover herself more completely. Italy's Highest Court Upholds The Convictions of 23 CIA Agents for Kidnapping a Terror Suspect in Milan  NYTimes.com China's fishing boat flotilla not actually heading for Senkaku/Diaoyu. Fishing boats were actually just going fishing. A woman from Iran is facing deportation from Canada next Wednesday despite new evidence proving she faces an adultery charge there that, under sharia law, could result in her being stoned to death. French President Francois Hollande on Tuesday denounced the unfathomable stupidity of Islamist radicals who destroyed Muslim shrines at Timbuktu in northern Mali.  Israeli air strike kills Hamas govt employees in Gaza Australian Senate votes down samesex marriage 41 against 26.  'Japanese Must All Be Killed' Hate Sign in China Goes Viral  Volkswagen AGs luxury Audi (NSU) unit asked a Chinese dealer to remove a banner advocating the murder of Japanese people Old Spanish Woman Who Ruined Jesus Fresco Now Demanding Payment UN backs naming and shaming of governments and armed groups that recruit or attack children. UN Security Council approved the resolution over protests from Russia, China, Pakistan and Azerbaijan, which abstained from the 110 vote Islamic states to reopen quest for global blasphemy law
| Reuters Uruguay takes 'war on drugs' in new direction The state as dealer  

The South American country is proposing a state monopoly over marijuana in part to curtail drugrelated violence. But it's getting pushback  even from those in favor of legalization. China and Japan Could Asia really go to war over these? | The Economist Why Does China Want A Mural In Oregon Destroyed? Church of Scientology is expanding abroad  this time to the Middle East. Some Religious Leaders See a Threat as Europe Grows More Secular An Australian counter protest may be in the works for the planned proIslam protests in Melbourne this coming Sunday Afghan suicide attacks kill skateboarding children Greek State Tries to Stem NeoNazi Rise  In recent weeks the oncefringe group has organised Greeksonly food handouts & blood donations, & has ousted migrant peddlers from street markets to the delight of local operators & the outrage of authorities Japan wants China to compensate for damages from protests Australian Medical Association president calls for legal drinking age to be lifted to 25 Russia shows USAID the door  After 20 years of working in Russia, USAID officials said they were informed by the Russian government that their services were no longer required. Law bans cybersex in Philippines Egypt's mufti urges Muslims to endure insults peacefully. Muslims angered by cartoons mocking the Prophet Mohammad should follow his example of enduring insults without retaliating, Egypt's highest Islamic legal official said on Thursday Italian Scientists Find 6,500YrOld Filling in Human Tooth Embedded in Cave Wall   While analyzing a fossilized jaw & several teeth, they found a vertical crack filled with beeswax in the enamel & dentin of 1 tooth. This is the earliest direct evidence of therapeutic dental filling. Australia's Treasurer Wayne Swan has launched a blistering attack on US Republicans, declaring cranks and crazies have taken over the party and have come to represent the No 1 threat to the world's biggest economy. Poorest president, the president of Uruguay, Jos Mujica, donates 90% of his salary  France's Le Pen urges ban on Muslim, Jewish headwear Three people were killed and dozens injured on a holiday declared by Pakistan's government so people could rally against the video South Korea navy 'fires at North Korea fishing boats' More than two years after her daughter went missing, a mother spots her child along with the abductor Suspected child murderers lynched in Guatemala [NSFL pics] Sweden's waste recycling program too successful. Imports waste from neighboring countries Pakistani police shoot rioters protesting antiIslam film South Korea fires warning shots at North Korean fishing boats  Muslims angered by cartoons mocking the Prophet Mohammad should follow his example of enduring insults without retaliating, Egypt's highest Islamic legal official said on Thursday French Muslim leader urges calm as Mohammad cartoons republished  The main agency representing Muslims in France appealed for calm on Friday as a new print run of cartoons featuring a naked Prophet Mohammad hit newsstands, raising fears of protests on prayers day around the Islamic world. U.S. Says Disputed Islands Covered by Japan Defense Treaty UAE calls for Middle East nuclear weapons free zone  US ends ban on New Zealand naval ship visits Cuba US embargo failed policy How China is trying to capitalize on global warming Last of Obama 'surge' troops leave Afghanistan KFC closes restaurants in Pakistan amid protests Use of heavy weaponry against Syrian civilians is unmatched by any modern state fighting its own people.  Last of 33,000 US surge troops leave Afghanistan Women raped by Sinai traffickers find help Human traffickers raped Tegisti Tekla often during her long journey via Sudan and the Sinai to Israel. She shares her ordeal to prevent others from enduring the same fate. More Protests In Muslim Nations; Some Violence A synchronized, 1 million person toilet flush is planned to clear a backedup sewer system in Zimbabwe Hundreds of prodemocracy demonstrators marched in Benghazi and overtook the headquarters of a radical Islamist group tied to the attack. In Quebec It's Official Mass Movement Leads to Victory for Students '...newly elected Premier Pauline Marois announced that the government was cancelling the proposed tuition hike that led to the student uprising and nullifying the contentious Bill 78 law.' Libyans march against militias. Around 30,000  marched through Benghazi on Friday in an unprecedented protest to demand the disbanding of powerful militias in the wake of last week's attack that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans. Muslim, let's get naked Ukrainebased activist group Femen Opens First Office Abroad in Paris. For the opening, the women ran halfnaked through a predominantly Muslim neighborhood in the French capital. Cenk Iceland Arresting Bankers Works! Economy Growing Faster Than EU Now EU Officials Propose Internet Cops On Patrol, No Anonymity & No Obscure Languages (Because Terrorism!) Facebook party invite sparks riot in Haren, Netherlands Salman Rushdie on protests Whats happening is a product of the outrage machine. Yes, theres this stupid film...and the correct response to a stupid film on YouTube is to say its a stupid film on YouTube, and get on with your life. gangnam danceoff leads to gang war in Bangkok Pakistan government minister announces $100,000 bounty on antiIslam filmmaker  Publishing of Japanrelated books banned in Beijing, China Australian church admits child sex abuse  the Roman Catholic Church in the Australian state of Victoria confirms that more than 600 children have been sexually abused by priests since the 1930s. Protesters seek to disband Libya militias  Protesters mourned the killing of the US envoy, waving signs that read, The ambassador was Libya's friend and Libya lost a friend. Judge who sentenced woman to 8 years in prison for performing her own late stage abortion is linked to conservative Christian charity Prodemocracy protesters overtake Islamist group's HQ in Benghazi Dying for Ivory  In response to a massive rise in demand, poachers have eliminated two rhino subspecies and nearly a third species, killed 25000 African elephants, and sparked violent conflicts with rangers.  The clock is ticking on the world's remaining megafauna.   Shell sues Greenpeace to stop Arctic protests 330 military officers, including the former air force and navy chiefs, found guilty of plotting to overthrow the Islamicbased Turkish government in 2003, in a case that has helped curtail the militarys hold on politics. Iraq has denied permission to a North Korean plane bound for Syria to pass through Iraqi airspace on Saturday because it suspects it could be carrying weapons, a senior official said on Friday. 19 Reported Dead in Pakistan at the end of the Day of love for the Prophet, the protest day that was sanctioned by the government itself Chuck Norris bridge denied Slovakia govt favors history name over populism The Catholic Church in one Australian state has revealed that at least 620 children have been abused by its clergy since the 1930s Iran blamed for cyberattacks on U.S. banks and companies  The Washington Post Afghanistan banned all Pakistani newspapers from entering the country on Friday to block the Taliban from influencing public opinion Mes Aynak, site of the Buddhist statues, has survived for thousands of years from looters and even the Taliban but a Chinese mining company is set to destroy it this December India slowly confronts epidemic of missing children  Every six minutes, a child goes missing in India. Wikipedia honcho caught in scandal quits, defends paid edits Highplaced editors at Wikipedia's U.K. site were caught in a simmering paidPR scandal. After news broke, one resignation and a little backpedaling has done little to solve the problem The drugs don't work a modern medical scandal Italys highest criminal court upheld the guilty verdict of 23 Americans in connection with the CIAs extraordinary rendition program. Iranian Women Banned From 77 College Majors, Including Accounting, Counselling, & Engineering  International rights groups protest as 36 universities begin the ban, raising questions about the rights of women to education in Iran Iran discovered listening device near nuclear site  disguised as a rock 
UK Crackdown On Millionaires Who Dodge Taxes The wealthiest did best in the boom years and it is right they should pay more now, says the Treasury Chief Secretary Australian Catholic Church admits child abuse  State of Victoria confirms that more than 600 children have been sexually abused by Catholic priests since the 1930s. Cranks and crazies have taken over GOP Australian official The United States has denied visas to about 20 Iranian government officials hoping to attend next week's United Nations General Assembly, including two ministers, Iran's Fars news agency reported on Saturday. Libya leader Magarief vows to disband illegal militias Libyan Army issues ultimatum to militias responsible for Embassy killings Leave in 48 hours, or we will use force Protesters at U.S. consulate in Toronto demand government action against antiIslamic movie  The Muslims, united, will never be defeated, a crowd of roughly 1,500 chanted as they protested against an antiIslamic film and denounced the inaction of the U.S. and Canadian governments.  Valencia A Spanish city drowning in debt which is now running out of prescription medicine Elephants Dying in Epic Frenzy as Ivory Fuels Wars and Profits Most Greeks feel new austerity measures are unfair An overwhelming majority of Greeks believe new austerity measures the government has promised its international lenders in exchange for more financial aid are unfair and hurt the poorest sections of society, a poll showed on Saturday. U.S. bans 20 Iran officials from travel to U.N. assembly
| Reuters Pakistan official offers $100,000 reward for killing of maker of antiProphet Muhammad film  World News When I saw the skull, the hair on the back of my neck stood up   As archaeologists leave the Leicester car park where they believe they've found Richard III, locals are already convinced it's the last Plantagenet, who rode out Aug 22, 1485 a king & returned a naked corpse slung over  a horse. El Salvador in Battle Against Tide  
Rising sea levels & deforestation have destroyed mangrove crops villagers depend on to survive. No one knows how long it'll take before waves reach their homes. Logging has left 2% of the original forests, resulting in flash floods.  Le Pen calls for ban on veils and skullcaps in public   Wearing the full facecovering veil is already banned in public places in France and now the leader of Frances farright National Front party wants this to apply to all veils as well as Jewish skullcaps.  Montreal student protest calls for free tuition  CBC Montreal Spy rock explodes near secret Iranian nuclear compound. REUTERS Iranian hackers have repeatedly attacked Bank of America, JPMorgan, Citi over the past year After 11 years in Guantanamo, a man who was never charged with any crime, and was recommended twice for release has been found dead. This week, the United Nations will consider criminalizing Blasphemy in response to growing pressure from the Muslim World.  Egyptian atheist arrested on blasphemy charges, after being molested by an angry mob. The relaxation of cannabis laws shows the failure of the war on drugs Uruguay's president, realising that prohibition has failed, wants to go further than others by legalising cannabis Several faith leaders across England have told people with HIV to stop taking their lifesaving drugs. 27Year old in Greece arrested For blaspheming a monk on Facebook. The arrest was agitated by the neonazi political party Golden Dawn. Bo Xilai scandal The Chinese police chief who blew the whistle on the murder of Neil Heywood, toppling one of China's most prominent political families, has been sentenced to 15 years in prison The drugs don't work a modern medical scandal Report Riots break out at Foxconn factory in China Japan protests as Chinese ships enter disputed waters Father sells off rape victim following village meeting Google and Gmail blocked in Iran as it moves to establish a nationwide intranet 79 Irish politicians have signed a statement supporting the SV Estelle, a ship now on its way to break Israels blockade of Gaza and call for immediate end to the siege. Kim Dotcom was illegally spied on by Agency. Report Iran mulls 'preemptive attack' against Israel; commander warns of 'World War III' Everything a Chinese family owns lined up in a row and photographed.  New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has called for an inquiry into the possible unlawful interception of Kim Doctomrelated communications by members of the NZ intelligence community More than 1,000 people are now being killed in Syria every week Eyes wide shut, world watches Syria bleed Iran set to block access to Google Germany Losing Patience With Spain as EU Warns on Crisis  Bloomberg North Korea plans to allow farmers to keep more of their produce in an attempt to boost agricultural output, a source with close ties to Pyongyang and Beijing said, in a move that could boost supplies, help cap rising food prices and ease malnutrition. 
Kim Dotcom New Zealand to investigate unlawful spying PM orders inquiry into actions of government agents in leadup to arrest of Megaupload founder, who is fighting US extradition
 Outbreak of virus in SARS family has WHO on alert.
Coronavirus confirmed in Saudi Arabia 
Iran Attack Could Trigger World War III With tensions high, US leads massive military minesweeping exercise in Persian Gulf  When Satire Conquered Iran  some vintage Iranian satire Hillary to World Leaders Time for the Rich to Pony Up Their Taxes You know Im out of American politics, but it is a fact that around the world, the elites of every country are making money. There are rich people everywhere. And yet they do not contribute to the growth of their own countries.
 China launches aircraft carrier amid rising tensions with Japan
 Iran testfires missiles, sinks target not far from USled international fleet.  Kim Dotcom hints at suing NZ government. China For Many Expats, It's Not Worth It Israeli envoy walks out on Ahmadinejad speech at the UN but US envoys all stay. American court orders BBC to hand over Yasser Arafat documentary footage.

Ruling raises questions about the ability of the American justice system to seize material held by media outside the United States
 New Zealand finance minister knew spies were involved in Kim Dotcom case. Also, NZ govt signed an indemnity order which makes taxpayers liable for all costs should the Megaupload millionaire choose to sue over illicit eavesdropping. 'US drone attacks are counterproductive and terrorise civilians'  Telegraph Man sentenced to one year in prison for insulting Turkish president on Facebook Bogota mayor Gustavo Petro wants to construct centers where drug addicts can consume drugs and receive treatment as part of a wider strategy to curb drugrelated crime. Abu Hamza concerns raised by Queen The backbone of Africa Entrepreneurs who refuse to quit  Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak likes Australia's national broadband network so much, hes applying for citizenship Walmart Took Over Chile In Only Three Years And Other Countries Are Terrified Russia to Base MIG31s in the Arctic to defend against attacks from the north. China Tells Japan to Abandon Illusion  Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun says China will absolutely not tolerate any unilateral action by the Japanese that infringes on China's sovereignty, after a longrunning dispute over the Diaoyu islands caused street protests across China.  Japanese companies restore their operations in China Greece's Debt shortfall is a whopping 20 billion  far more than assumed. Austerity drives Britain to share embassies with Canada ProIsrael message which uses the dichotomy of civilized man vs. savage approved for New York City Metro transit.  Bare breasts, heads high  The women of the Femen association, noted for their barebreasted feminist demonstrations, are the bestknown activists in Ukraine. But some, such as Inna Shevchenko, have been pressured into leaving the country.  Untouchable no more  Al Jazeera's The stream looks at caste and the reservation system.  This is how Day of the Triffids started...Meteors spotted across British skies Loose Nuke Smugglers Caught With Uranium  ABC News New comet discovered predicted to blaze brighter than the full moon next year 1.5 Million March in Barcelona demand independence from Spain over austerity, unemployment, Euro.  A Hong Kong tycoon has offered a $65 million 'marriage bounty' to any man who can win the heart of his lesbian daughter, a report said Wednesday [26 September 2012]. 13 year old Filipino homeless boy wins $130,000 peace prize  Spanish Congress surrounded... Spain in full revolt over Austerity ?  Switzerland Questions Crazy Hollywood Claims About File Sharing... Ends Up On Congressional Watchlist Massive protest in Spain outside of the congress building.  Spain police fire rubber bullets at Madrid protest Iran develops drone planes, possibly from downed American drone French President Franois Hollande tells UN to decriminalize homosexuality around the world AntiIslam film had 'nothing to do with' US Consulate attack Libyan president Russia suspends import, use Of GM Corn made by Monsanto following a study's allegations that the crop causes cancer Statistical model suggests widespread fraud in Russian election Woman raped by police officers prosecuted for indecency, in Tunisia. RBS Instant Messages Show Libor Rates Skewed for Traders.  RBS trader Tan Chi Min told colleagues the firm was able to move global interest rates, according to electronic messages the bank is trying to make secret. Europe Is Taking Online Privacy Far More Seriously Than The U.S.
 Secret POW camp tapes reveal German atrocities were performed by more individuals than originally thought France set to ban the words 'mother' and 'father' from official documents Georgia's Prison Rape Scandaland What It Says About the Rose Revolution  Outrage leads Stockholm library to drop Tintin ban  The Local 'Occupy Congress' violence at protest in Madrid Six in 10 Mexican prisons are selfgoverned by prison gangs or drug cartels, a new report claims.  Australian troops dying in Afghanistan to defend American prestige & it's difficult to justify continued involvement in the war, says former finance minister Lindsay Tanner, adding that Australia should've withdrawn long ago.  An Oregon inmate, Bobby Jack Fowler, who died in 2006 has been confirmed as the killer of a 16yearold B.C. hitchhiker, and may be responsible for as many as nine other slayings and disappearances along B.C.s socalled Highway of Tears It's on. Philippine Central Bank website hacked by Anonymous in response to the passing of the Cybercrime Prevention Bill (SOPA Philippine style) that will lay the groundwork for the curtailing of internet freedom and freedom of expression as a whole President Obama to United Nations 'We Do Not Ban Blasphemy' Slavery Still Exists  Photographs of human trafficking and enslavement around the world WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange lashed out at U.S. President Barack Obama for supporting freedom of speech in the Middle East while simultaneously persecuting his organization for leaking diplomatic cables. Japan may scrap this year's whale hunt in the Antarctic. Uruguay has voted by a razorthin margin to legalise abortion, becoming only the second country in Latin America to make abortions accessible to all women during the first trimester of pregnancy French president tells world to decriminalize homosexuality which cannot be seen as a crime  on the contrary, its the recognition of ones orientation.  US labels Assange 'enemy of state' There Will Be No Bacon Shortage
How a British trade association press release sent the Internet into a senseless panic. PORTUGAL Prosecutor says it's legal to copy music and movies on the Net Red Bull heir pays $97,000 to family of man he is alleged to have killed with a $1M Ferrari Julian Assange speaks to UN via satellite from London, calls for end to 'persecution' It is time for the United States to cease its persecution of WikiLeaks, to cease its persecution of our people and to cease its persecution of our alleged sources Its just amazing how Liborfixing can make you that much money or lose it if opposite, he wrote. It is a cartel now in London. Royal Bank of Scotland Employee New Zealand spy agency apologizes to Kim Dotcom for illegally spying on him.  Cybersex now illegal in the Philippines, with penalties higher than some child pornography charges. Expressing your opinion on the internet could be punishable by law. No fix for 'Jesus rifles' deploying to Afghanistan  U.S. military issued rifle scopes bearing New Testament Bible verses still in circulation years after correction was ordered Radical Muslim being prosecuted for violating Egypt's blasphemy laws by tearing up an English copy of the Bible Japan hangs cult leader responsible for 6 murders Libyan who captured Qaddafi tortured, killed
 Nuclear hypocrisy in Middle East? Does Israel enjoy a double standard when it comes to nuclear ambitions in the Middle East? A First Victory for Tunisian Women, The Term Complementary to Men, Replaced with Equality in Controversial Article of the New Constitution. Aussie Aid Worker's Family Angry With  Foreign Affairs Dept   
Mother of aid worker wants help freeing daughter, who was stopped at Libya airport for questioning.  Though not arrested, she can't leave.  Her family thinks it's connected to rumors she was sexually assaulted by a Libyan official. Pope is both victim and supreme judge in trial of exbutler accused of leaking documents BBC News  North Korea's Ryugyong 'Hotel of Doom' pictures released Testing is complete on a laundry detergent additive that will enable your clothes to remove nitrogen oxide traffic pollution from the air in a bid to reduce asthma and other respiratory problems in cities Backlash to the Backlash; Muslim Moderates are fighting back  Tom Friedman Iran news agency picks up Onion story, tells Iranians rural Americans prefer Ahmadinejad to Obama 16 year old Egyptian girl shot dead after resisting groping B.C. mayors vote to decriminalize pot Streams Of Water Once Flowed On Mars; NASA Says Photos Prove It A second, younger looking version of the Mona Lisa has been unveiled, and it's also by Leonardo Da Vinci. 1,000 Nigerian Women Are Stuck in Saudi Arabia Airports Because Theyre Not Accompanied by the Right Kind of Men Melinda Gates New Crusade Investing Billions in Women's Health
  
She plans to use the Gates Foundations billions to revolutionize contraception worldwide. The Catholic right is pushing back. Is she ready for the political firestorm ahead? Radical Islamists in control of northern Mali are becoming increasingly repressive, amputating limbs, whipping people in the streets and stoning to death a couple accused of adultery, a human rights group says.  France Unveils Temporary 75 Percent SuperRich Tax Rate German parliament bans using laptops during the 
debates; the Pirate Party brings a typewriter Zinedine Zidane headbutt statue unveiled in French capital Filmmaker behind antiIslam video is arrested  latimes.com Kenya  Captures Last Islamist Bastion in Somalia Spain announces cutbacks, tax increases The measures, including frozen salaries for civil servants and a 9% budget cut for all government departments, are intended to save $50 billion. Panama passes intellectualproperty protection law that would allow officials to fine up to $100,000 for copyright infringements without a trial or civil suit. The legislation is meant to bring Panama into compliance with a U.S.Panama free trade agreement
 a flight of Mt Everest tourists crashes after hitting a vulture, shortly after take off, 19 dead.  London First squatter jailed 12 weeks under new law for occupying flat without permission
 Israelis see no Iran war this year after 
Netanyahu's speech
| Reuters Apple Store Opening Make Swedes Feel Awkward  French government passes a series of tax hikes that includes a temporary provision to tax its richest citizens 75% (!) in order to slash deficit. 'Monster Larva' mystery solved after 200 years  List of Greek politicians suspected of corruption made public DDay for alQaida in Somalia? Troops storm beaches at last stronghold  Top Gear presenters agree to deal for 3 more years State monopoly over the cultivation, commercialization and sale of cannabis has Uruguay's stoners peeved. You really did not manage this well Czech president Klaus to bodyguards after being shot with toy handgun. Science and social science will be taken out of Indonesian elementary schools curriculum next year as they are deemed irrelevant. 
FileSharing for Personal Use Declared Legal in Portugal Survey says 56% of the French think that antiwhite racism is developing in France Honest taxi driver rewarded less than $3 for returning $10,000 Pope Benedict's former butler went on trial on Saturday [29 September 2012] for using his intimate access to the pope's desk to steal and leak explosive documents in what he said was an attempt to clean up corruption in the Vatican. A new Afghan Army manual is teaching soldiers that when their Western counterparts wink at them or pat them on the back, the actions are not meant to be offensive or worthy of revenge. Philippines 'Retweeting' is a crime under new law Kofi Annan Tony Blair could ultimately have stopped Iraq war 4 leopards poached each week in India  Study concludes that around 2,294 leopards were poached & their parts traded over a 10yr period, an average of 4 a week.
This cast new light on the sheer scale of the illicit trade in leopard parts, which has been overshadowed by trade in  tiger parts. Poachers shoot & brutally dehorn 4 rare rhinoceros in India  They shot 4 Wednesday & Thursday, 2 fatally, on the edge of a national park & escaped with all 4 horns.  Rhino horn powder is coveted in some Asian countries. (With Photo) Rat reality show Russian scientists to broadcast GMO experiment. After a French study suggested that rats fed on Monsanto GMO corn suffered tumors, Russian researches plan their own, this time public, experiment. The top U.S. intelligence authority issued an unusual public statement on Friday, declaring it now believed the September 11 attack on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya, was a deliberate and organized terrorist attack. Economic slumps in Europe make people question subsidising royalty The US has removed the dissident Iranian group Mujahideene Khalq (MEK) from its terror blacklist US to Iran Stop shipping arms to Syria Australians suddenly richer as statistician finds $338 billion CAIRO (AP)  Coptic Christian families have fled their homes in a town in Egypts Sinai Peninsula, fearing for their lives after receiving death threats from suspected Islamic militants The Window is Closing for Riyadh  
The oil wont last forever  so Saudi Arabias government has to reform its economy if it wants to survive. Tunisia 'police rape' condemned U.N. criticizes shrill war talk in Iran dispute White House Move to Give Egypt $450 Million in Aid Meets Resistance  NYTimes.com Indias heaviest satellite GSAT10 launched Stop calling criticism of Islam Islamophobia France wants to slap rich with 75 percent 'supertax' Maid in Dubai tries to kill herself after her employers don't pay her for 3 months. Woman is arrested for attempting suicide and fined $270. Bangladesh Muslim protesters torch Buddhist temples over Facebook photo AfghanCanadian mother stabs daughter for staying out past curfew. She cuddled her firstborn and told her to lie on her stomach so she could give her a back massage. Then I stab her, stab her neck, she confessed. She said, No Mom! I said, Its for your good. Let me finish.  Pirate Bay Founder Remains Locked Up Without Charges  TorrentFreak Russia told Assad to shoot down Turkish plane, murder captured pilots, 'leaked Syrian documents' show  Devastating intelligence papers purport to prove jet was downed on Moscows orders, pilots captured alive by intelligence unit and then killed; Damascus had claimed June incident was an accident Finland may be first European country to halt coal use


 A Muslim television preacher in Egypt will face blasphemy charges after being videotaped burning a copy of the Bible Turkish pilots killed by Assad, not crash leaked documents Islamists who pose a threat 'have no place in France', said interior minister Manuel Valls Tens of thousands of Australians flood the streets of Melbourne for a peace march after woman (Jill Meagher) was abducted, raped and murdered India launches 101st space mission, and looks to Mars  

The mission will be carried out without international help, highlighting the growth and ambition of India's homegrown space program, which plans to launch a mission to Mars. UK renewable energy output jumps by 42% in last year  Figures come just days after the UK set a new record for wind power output & mean the UK  on track to set a host of new renewable energy records for 2012, despite ongoing concerns that policy uncertainty is harming investor confidence. Libya launches weapons collection drive  Hundreds of Libyans voluntarily turn over their weapons after rallies calling for disbanding of militias. A theatre in southern Russia has stopped selling tickets to the musical Jesus Christ Superstar after prosecutors launched a probe into whether it is offensive to devout Christians, officials said Saturday Islamic group calls for ban on offending prophet For Germans, religious membership comes with price  Catholics, Protestants and Jews forced to pay up to 9 percent of income to participate in religious ceremonies Russian lawmakers call for jail sentences for people guilty of offending religious feelings 7.4 magnitude earthquake in southwestern Colombia AlShabab abandon their last major stronghold in Somalia, Kismayo, following an assault on the town by African Union forces. Bahrain police shoot 17yearold protester dead in new wave of Shia unrest Police in Bahrain shot dead a teenage protester as fresh unrest swept the island kingdom 19 months after Shia protesters first took to the streets early in the Arab Spring.  Venezuelan youth could decide if Chavez remains in power Guantanamo's last Western detainee returned to Canada
| Reuters Yulia Tymoshenko makes video appeal to Ukraine's voters from prison Opposition leader beseeches country to vote out Viktor Yanukovych, who presides over a 'criminal state'
 Afghan insider attack kills 2 Americans BBC News  US military death toll in Afghanistan reaches 2,000 Bahraini court sentences 9 doctors to prison for up to 5 years for treating injured protesters.  AntiDownloading Law Hits Japan, Up To 
2 Years in Prison From Today Activists warned to watch what they say as social media monitoring becomes 'next big thing in law enforcement'  In urban Taiwan, indoor shrimp fishing is booming  Shrimp fishing in Taiwan has moved indoors over the years, and it now is a popular activity among city dwellers in Taipei and elsewhere.  Ikea is being criticized for deleting images of women from the Saudi version of its furniture catalogue, a move the company says it regrets  The report raised questions in Sweden about Ikea's commitment to gender equality Egypt sheikh says girls should be married, have children starting at 14yearsold; he is also a member of the Constituent Assembly tasked with drafting Egypt's new constitution A firefight broke out between U.S. forces and their Afghan army allies in eastern Afghanistan Sunday, killing two Americans and three Afghan soldiers  AP Interview SKorea foreign minister says Japan must educate its people about its war crimes No tax? No blessing! German church made the final move, excluding from religious community anyone who doesn't devolve part of his taxes to the church.. Suspected Muslim insurgents shoot grenades at fair in 
southern Thailand, 30 hurt  The Washington Post Iranian News Agency Claims Onion Report It Ran by Mistake Is Essentially True  Govts around the world are leaving hundreds of millions of cancer patients to suffer needlessly by not giving them adequate access to painrelieving drugs  New data paints shocking picture of unnecessary pain on a global scale. There's an urgent need to repeal excessive restrictions. Sweden detains Pirate Bay founder in oppressive conditions without charges, The case underscores the prime fear long expressed by Assange supporters about the Swedish justice system How the mafia is destroying the rainforests Muslim Rage Is About Politics, Not Religion Muslims have good reason to be angryand its not a sophomoric movie trailer on youtube.  Critics deplore Canadas shift to the right Powerful typhoon hits Japan's mainland ...video shows cars blown over like toys 1 in 10 European workers took time off for depression  survey Iranian economy on verge of collapse, says Israel Amid Greeces Worries, the Rise of RightWing  Aleppo's Silk Road souk burns to ashes in battle for Syrian city. Flames destroys 1,500 shops in Souk alMadina, a world heritage site, fuelled by fabric stored beneath ancient arches Thousands march in Paris against 'austerity'   Chanting resistance, demonstrators took to the streets of Paris on Sunday to protest against austerity policies and Europes new budget treaty, in the first major demonstration since President Franois Hollande took power four months ago.  An estimated one million children go missing in the European Union  every year. In Italy, a comedian getting the last laugh  Beppe Grillo, a TV comedianturnedpolitical phenomenon, is making much of Europe nervous. Pundits see his rise as underscoring the political uncertainty in Italy that is quickly becoming one of the biggest wild cards of the European debt crisis. BBC News  Man freed after getting his head stuck in bin in Aberdeen Mafia Runs 90% of Illegal Tropics Logging  Illegal logging is driving the lion's share of deforestation in the world's rain forests, & organized crime is to blame for almost all of it. That's the grim conclusion of a new U.N. report. Greece's farright Golden Dawn party is increasingly assuming the role of law enforcement officers on the streets of the bankrupt country, with mounting evidence that Athenians are being openly directed by police to seek help from the neoNazi group. Police rape woman in Tunisia, then charge her with indecency Chinese Company Sues Obama Over Wind Farm Project   A company blocked from building wind farms near a US navy test site in Oregon is suing President Barack Obama, arguing that his order to stop the project was unconstitutional. Uruguay's Drugs Policy Regulating Market For Pot The government of President Jose Mujica has proposed a law that would put the state in charge of producing and selling marijuana to registered users. Muslim mobs attacked temples and houses in what Buddhist leaders described as the worst violence against the community since independence France to cover total cost of abortion 'The move follows a long campaign by prochoice organisations and was a manifesto promise by President Hollande ahead of his election victory in June.' Syria Crisis Russia Tells NATO To Stay Away From Syria Libya's Magarief calls for a secular state Irans economy plunges because of sanctions. BBC News  Georgia President Mikheil Saakashvili admits election loss Dutch abortion boat heads to Morocco in its first trip to a Muslim country  will promote the idea of a safe medication abortion 'Offensive (and not funny)' After years of insults, BBC finally censures Jeremy Clarkson Japans first 'cuddle cafe' lets you sleep with a stranger for Y6,000 an hour  Japan Today Japan News and Discussion High Food Prices Forecast More Global Riots Ahead, Researchers Say  Unemployment in the euro zone at record 18.2 million  Economy Watch Mexicans Puzzled by Azerbaijan Leader Monument  The appearance of a lifesize statue of Azerbaijan's founder of the nation on Mexico City's elegant Reforma Avenue, not far from Mahatma Gandhi, Abraham Lincoln & Mexico's national heroes, is raising eyebrows & protests. Professor Drones Will Soon Be Able To Kill During War Without Human Assistance Saudi Arabia on Friday began expelling more than a thousand Nigerian women on a religious pilgrimage because they had arrived without male guardians Top 5 Reasons Not to Ballyhoo Chinas Carrier  It has no aircraft on it.  Former Pirate Bay host raided by police, goes down amidst DDoSattack Scottish independence Who would get the nukes, and other questions  

As it considers a 2014 referendum on independence from the UK, Scotland still has a litany of issues that must be resolved beforehand, including its role in the EU and NATO. Great Barrier Reef coral seeing 'major decline,' scientists report Iran's currency hits alltime low as western sanctions take their toll. Rial sent into tailspin in spite of Ahmadinejad's defiance as Iranians rush to convert assets to foreign currency or gold Starting Nov.6, Spirit Airlines is going to start charging up to $100 for carryon's...