 Internet Hangs in Balance as World Governments Meet in Secret France and Britain Are Reportedly Considering Pulling Their Ambassadors from Israel Thousands attend antiNazi rally in Hungary to protest lawmakers call for screening of Jews Germany says it will achieve a fully balanced budget across all layers of government this year thanks to a resilient economy, low unemployment, higher tax revenues and low borrowing costs Pirate Bays artist promotion platform  the Promo Bay website, despite being perfectly legal, is being blocked by several UK Internet service providers including BT, Virgin Media Sweden summons Israeli ambassador over settlements  Israel must explain 'targeting' journalists  Japan threatens to shoot down North Korean rocket UK Home Secretary warns that those opposing plans to let police monitor all internet use are putting politics before people's lives. Europes first gayfriendly mosque sparks controversy Bread that lasts for 60 days could cut food waste At the buttocks. Thighs of a virgin. South Africa's 'inappropriate' school name translations to be examined China and the United States have held a joint military indoor war game to practice humanitarian rescue and disaster relief in case of an earthquake and consequent nuclear leaks First Sikh to guard Buckingham Palace and in turban Paraguayan peasant leader shot dead. Vidal Vega was among last surviving leaders of peasant movement whose land dispute led to president's downfall Israel Asking to Bomb Syria's Chemical Weapons  
As concern grows over Syria's stockpile of chemical weapons, a new report suggests that one country is already figuring out how it intends to bomb them out of existence. Epic weekendlong traffic jam in Russia stretched 125 miles Young Filipino Muslims and Christians are using the internet to try to end 40year conflict that has killed 120,000 people Immigration crackdown increases number of Canadians having citizenship revoked  Firms must pay their fair share of tax  this is war A report by UK MPs on the tax dodges employed by multinationals is incendiary  and ought to unite politicians to act
 British official U.K. may suspend trade agreements, recall ambassador over Israel settlement expansion US software firm hacked for years after suing China
 Emissions of Carbon Dioxide Hit Record in 2011, Researchers Say Does it really matter if Iran got the Bomb? Vietnamese children killed by mortar shell. Bomb left over from Vietnam war exploded killing four young children and injuring five other people Medicinal cannabis to be legalised in Ireland next year Man jailed for throwing homeless man's rabbit into river MI6 passed up an opportunity to kill a senior leader of alQaeda because lawyers advised them they would be breaking the law European Roma descended from Indian 'untouchables', genetic study shows  Roma gypsies in Britain and Europe are descended from dalits or low caste untouchables who migrated from the Indian subcontinent 1,400 years ago, a genetic study has suggested.  Entire Ukraine Government Resigns Indonesia continues to decrease deforestation by planting 1 billion trees in 2013 U.S. Sees Syria Prepping Chemical Weapons for Possible Attack Dutch Youth soccer referee dies after being beaten by 15/16 years old players Syrian state media say 29 students and a teacher killed after a mortar slams into a school outside Damascus 120 mile long Russian traffic jam still growing Starbucks hears they might have stop avoiding tax in the UK, slashes employee benefits to compensate Paraguay peasant leader Vidal Vega shot dead. The leader of a landless peasant movement in Paraguay involved in a land dispute with a powerful politician has been shot dead. A group of rural Guatemalans want justice for what they say are the misdeeds of a Canadian mining company. Fearing they won't get it in their own country, they've traveled to Toronto BBC News  Iran US ScanEagle drone 'captured over Gulf' Syria is mixing chemical warfare agents. China surpasses U.S. as top global trader
 German Commentators Blast Israel for Settlement Building Plan The 61 countries that could easily be unplugged from the internet Cat Fight in Rome Beloved Shelter Faces Closure  Anyone visiting Rome  has seen the many stray cats  amid the ruins.   Archaeologists have issued an eviction notice, & feline lovers from around the world are bracing for a cat fight. More than 200 women's rights groups are calling for laws to make paying for sex a crime across the European Union. Genetic link between Paleolithic population of Europe & modern Native Americans found  N European populations  including British, Scandinavians, French, & some E Europeans  descend from a mixture of 2 very different ancestral populations, one related to Native Americans. Loss of income caused by banks as bad as a 'world war', says BoE's Andrew Haldane  Proloyalist rioters overtake Belfat's City Hall after the council voted to change its policy on the Union flag.  China's 10 Toppled Myths  From leftover women to human rights, this was a year for misconceptions washing away Shocking Dutch linesman clinically dead after savage postmatch beating by teenagers North Korean prisoner born in labor camp escaped after 23 brutal years WalMart Nixed Paying Bangladesh Suppliers to Fight Fire  At a 2011 safety meeting, WalMart said paying Bangladesh suppliers more to help them upgrade their manufacturing facilities was too costly. A fire at a Bangladesh factory that made clothes for WalMart killed more than 100 last month. Scientists warn of sperm count crisis biggestever study confirms drastic decline in male reproductive health 'Men don't have to worry about being caught' Sex mobs target Egypt's women Brazil authorities arrest 61 police officers for taking bribes of druggangs Operation Purification 18thcentury French chateau bulldozed by mistake   A Russian businessman has been left devastated after builders demolished his 18thcentury French chateau among the Bordeaux vineyards, seemingly by mistake. Irate local authorities have launched an investigation.  NATO warns Syria not to use chemical weapons, NATO told Syrian President Bashar alAssad on Tuesday that any use of chemical weapons in his fight against encroaching rebel forces would be met by an immediate international response Irans Revolutionary Guards are telling the United States to recount the drones in its fleet as they insist that  despite US denials  they captured a small US unmanned spy plane over Gulf waters. Underwear Factory Fire in China Kills 14  A fire at a garment factory in Bangladeshi last week killed 110. In Sept, a similar blaze in  Pakistan killed 289 workers. Serbias ambassador to NATO was chatting and joking with colleagues in a parking garage at Brussels Airport when he suddenly strolled to a barrier, climbed over and flung himself 10 metres to the ground below.  By the time his shocked colleagues reached him, he was dead. Why Africa's lions are rapidly disappearing  

Africa's lion population has dwindled to 32,000, a nearly 70 percent decline in the past 50 years, according to a new survey  HighSpeed Traders Profit at Expense of Ordinary Investors, Government Study Finds Sperm count in France falls by 33.4% Spain's unemployment is on the rise, with youth unemployment above 50% Syrian army wears down as rebels gain territory and confidence Egyptian presidential candidate 
Mohamed ElBaradei accused of Zionist plot to overthrow the Islamistled government of Mohammed Mursi 40 Dead 60,000 Missing As Monster Typhoon Bopha Devastates The Philippines New Zealand Government Admits That Order To Suppress Illegal Spying On Kim Dotcom Only Such Order Issued In 10 Years BBC News  Serbia Nato envoy 'jumps to death in Brussels car park' James Cameron releases results from his deep dive How Australia could end the Assange stalemate All amateur football matches in the Netherlands cancelled after referee got beaten to death.  Typhoon kills at least 283 in Philippines (Crosspost from r/globalhealth) Snakes on a Plane cobra forces plane into emergency landing   Telegraph Russia said on Wednesday respect for human rights was declining in the European Union, as part of a campaign to turn the tables on the West's criticism of Moscow's rights record. Police and child advocates broke padlocks and busted down doors in a surprise raid of a sweatshop in India, to find a group of children imprisoned beeing forced to make Christmas decorations. The children, as young as 8 years old, were kept in rooms 6 ft by 6 ft and forced to work 19hour days Mexican court rules in favor of samesex marriageMexico's Supreme Court ruled that law in Oaxaca banning samesex marriages is unconstitutional, paving way for samesex couples to marry in that state & possibly in the rest of Mexico. Starbucks agree to pay 10m tax in UK after customer revolt at their not paying tax at all for two years and very little for past 14 years... A mother who beat her sevenyearold son like a dog when he failed to memorise passages of the Koran has been found guilty of his murder. S. Korea formally dumps scientific whaling plan Syria says chemical scare pretext for intervention Hometown Bans Mali Legend Ali Farka Toures' Music From His Home Town  Music is so much part of our culture.  I miss it.  Islamist fighters have taken over, introducing a strict social code Females must be covered, young men can't wear loose pants, & all music is banned.


  John McAfee arrested in Guatemala North America Is Region Least Likely To Suffer From Terror Attack, Researchers Say Egypt deploys tanks outside Morsi palace  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Russia West is exaggerating Syria's chemical weapons threat Map The most and leastcorrupt countries in the world Egyptian Islamists 'We've Won Elections, Now Democracy Isn't Good Enough?' | PRI's The World Dogs learning to Drive in New Zealand China told Vietnam on Thursday to stop unilateral oil exploration in disputed areas of the South China Sea and not harass Chinese fishing boats, raising tension in protracted maritime territorial disputes with its neighbors. Weapons sent to Libyan rebels with U.S. approval fell into Islamist hands '[U.S.] secretly gave its blessing to arms shipments to Libyan rebels from Qatar last year, but American officials later grew alarmed as evidence grew that Qatar was turning some of the weapons over to Islamic militants' India suspended from Olympics US, Russia set for surprise Syria meeting Sweden Recognises Massacre of Kurds at Anfal as Genocide Typhoon in Philippines kills 350, 400+ Missing Syrian Rebels When We Finish With Assad, We Will Fight the U.S. BBC News  More Afghan women are reporting sexual abuse India and Vietnam face off with China in disputed waters Toxic cloud Mass evacuation in Buenos Aires after chemical container explodes China's Communists Declare War ... On Boring Meetings U.N. summit votes to support Internet eavesdropping. Uses censorship, identifying BitTorrent and MP3 transfers Earthquake M7.3   293km SE of Kamaishi, Japan. Tsunami alert. Kate Middleton's Receptionist Found Dead In London Days After Being Duped By Prank Callers Google Drones Launch In Africa to monitor and prevent poaching 7.3 magnitude earthquake off Japan's eastern coast, tsunami warning issued North Korea in financial trouble after blowing $100 million on tributes to dead leader Kim Jongil China to flatten 700 mountains for new metropolis in the desert Canada Destroys Legislation to Protect its Natural Lakes and Rivers. 2.5 million down to 82.  Dotcom gets goahead for spy lawsuit  A ruling in the High Court of New Zealand means that the country's security service will have to reveal details of its spying on Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom & his associates. British PM backs gay marriage. Volvo aims for 'nodeath' new cars by 2020 Stunned that reporters were able to visit her, detained China Nobel wife  trembled uncontrollably and cried Thursday as she described how absurd and emotionally draining her confinement under house arrest has been in the two years since her jailed activist husband was named a Nobel Peace laureate. Canada cancels F35 procurement Egyptian immigrant Waleed Taleb says demanding his unpaid wages in Greece came at a heavy price; 18 hours chained and beaten by his boss, a stint in jail and orders to leave the country he calls home. Another large quake has occurred off the coast of northeast Japan in the same general area as 3/11; moderately heavy shaking in Tohoku Human rights group Israel violated laws of war in fatal house bombing in Gaza conflict 'Zero hour' Syrian rebels prepare to mount Damascus attack   Telegraph Russian anchorman shot dead  Muslim women are removing their hijabs to improve job prospects Drone in Iran Appears to Be U.S.Made, Pentagon Says US, NATO behind 'insecurity' in Afghanistan, Karzai says Japan Gets Hit with 7.3 Magnitude Earthquake China's Foreign Ministry lambasted the United States on Friday for disgusting comments by a U.S. official on the human rights situation in Tibet, saying it had prompted them to file a formal diplomatic complaint with Washington. Royal prank call nurse found dead in suspected suicide 12 To 17YearOlds Are Smoking Less A man in India is living in exile after being charged with blasphemy for debunking a weeping Jesus that was cause by a leaking sewer pipe. In all there are now 17 Amercian warships off the Syrian coast. Bomb attack on chairman of German parliamentary committee investigating neonazi terror shortly after decision to ban rightwing extremist party NPD Norwegian protesters say EU Nobel Peace Prize win devalues award  

More than 50 organizations plan to march in Oslo on Sunday to protest of the Nobel Committee's award of the 2012 Peace Prize to the EU at a time of debt crisis. Guardian interviews Julian Assange about reports of illness, paranoia, and whether he'll ever leave the embassy  Over the last 20 years, the climate scientists have consistently underestimated the progress and impact of global warming. BitcoinCentral has won the right to operate as a bank thanks to a deal with French financial firms Aqoba and Credit Mutuel. The change in status makes it easier to use bitcoins and bestows national protections on balances held at the exchange. Japan poised to shoot down North Korean missile In Egypt the elite may have changed, but the revolution continues as Egyptians no longer willing to accept old rules Philippines declares state of calamity Former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi confirms he will run for prime minister again next year France funding Syrian rebels in new push to oust Assad Natural cure Scientists create stem cell contact lens that fixes eyesight 'Israel didn't take German warnings seriously' Canada approved China's biggest overseas energy acquisition, a $15.1 billion takeover by stateowned CNOOC of Canadian oil and gas producer Nexen, but vowed Friday to reject any future foreign takeovers in the oil sands sector by state owned companies. Clinton Situation in Syria is 'accelerating'  CNN.com Slideshow Syria in ruins 

Egyptian Protesters Break Through Barrier at Presidential Palace
 Meet operative PP0277 A secret agent  or just a vulture hungry for dead camel? Sudan says he's an Israeli operative  but his handlers say he's too easily distracted for that Egyptian Opposition Protesters Break Through Army Barricade to Presidential Palace Pakistan tribal sources say U.S. drone strike kills al Qaeda commander. 'Abu Zaid was killed, along with 10 other people, in the drone strike on a hideout in Pakistan's North Waziristan' Shanghai's Deadly Pollution Remedy Six British men who took part in a complex plot to steal gold and silver in Belgium are jailed In photos 200,000 protesters return to Tahrir Square, painting Go away, Morsi on streets and brandishing a cross alongside a Qur'an in opposition of the increasingly extremist leader. Philippines Declares State of Calamity as deadly typhoon Bopha turns back for 2nd Hit. 500 Lay Dead So Far Russias AntiMormon Campaign  

An influential young proKremlin politician is trying to get the Latterday Saints banned from the country Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has canceled a decree that had allowed him to run the country unchecked.  HospitalAcquired Infection Rates in Greece, Already Among Worst in Europe, to Rise Due to Shortages  . We run out of surgical gloves, syringes, vials for blood samples & needles. Everything here is collapsing the health system, the educational system. Monsanto's Suicide Economy Nearly 300,000 Indian farmers have committed suicide since 1995 after being driven into insurmountable debt by neoliberal economics and the conquest of Indian farmland by Monsanto's Bacillus thuringiensis (Bt) cotton.  The two Australian radio hosts behind the prank call to the Duchess of Cambridges hospital are fragile and receiving intensive counselling amid global outrage over their tragic stunt.  Hugo Chavez announces his cancer has returned, talks about a successor After three months in solitary confinement in Pirate Bay cofounder Gottfrid Svartholm will be released from custody by Swedish Authorities Myths About Homosexuality Fuel Uganda's 'Kill the Gays' Bill. This week, as we are waiting for the Ugandan parliament to debate whether or not homosexuality should be punishable by death, it might be helpful to review what could make anyone reach such a murderous conclusion. Treat addicts, don't lock them up MPs pave way to legalise drugs as they admit prison sentences are failing to deter offe 90 percent of Indians are idiots Justice Markandey Katju Experts skeptical Syria is preparing to use its chemical arsenal Taiwan Wants Apology From Japan Over Sex Slaves President  urges Japan to apologize for using sex slaves from across Asia during WWII.  Historical mistakes can be forgiven, but the lessons of history should not be forgotten.

 Mo Yan, the winner of this years Nobel prize for literature, defends censorship as something as necessary as airport security checks The REAL Toy Story Chinese factory workers forced to sleep among piles of doll parts as they churn out Christmas presents Scarred burns victim models for UK fashion retailer An internal report for the US Congress has concluded that Iran probably is no longer on track, if it ever was, to having an oceancrossing missile as soon as 2015. Nelson Mandela 'proven' to be a member of the Communist Party after decades of denial   Telegraph 37yearold mom fights to block radiotherapy for cancerstricken son, fears it will lower his IQ (xpost /r/NewsOfTheWeird) Syrian Rebels Tied to Al Qaeda Play Key Role in War Syrian rebels elect Islamistdominated unified command UN forum extends Kyoto Protocol to 2020. 'Pants' skyscraper? China reacts against latest tall building Egyptian President Morsi 'annuls' powers decree, intends on going ahead with draft constitution Canadas witch trials Fake sorcerers and sham psychics abound despite 100yearold law that outlawed them Mario Monti to quit as Italian PM amid waning support for austerity policies 
Prime minister announces decision hours after former leader Silvio Berlusconi confirms he will seek office again
 Gunmen kill senior womens activist in Afghanistan  Nelson Mandela 'has stopped talking',  amid a troubling deterioration in his condition China Appears Set to Become World's Next Rust Belt  Just 2 yrs after China overtook US to become worlds biggest manufacturer, its competitive advantages are eroding & factories closing. And there's little Beijing can do to arrest the slide.  Japan falls into recession  Strong yen and diplomatic row with major trade partner China have harmed Japan's economy North Korean Internet a brief look into Dictatorship. Senior al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan Sheikh Khalid bin Abdel Rehman, al Qaeda's #2, was killed in a drone strike Thursday Hitler has a following in India Mein Kampf is a bestseller ... In 2006 a cafe called Hitler's Cross opened in Mumbai; in 2011 a pool hall named Hitler's Den opened nearby in Nagpu ... A soap opera, Hitler Didior ig sister Hitler'is a hit.  Atheists around world suffer persecution, discrimination report
| Reuters Venezuela Abolishes Entrance Visas for Palestinians The Government tonight ruled out any shift in drugs policy despite a damning report by an influential group of MPs which said Britain was failing to tackle drug barons or the multibillion pound global profits of their illegal trade.  UAE authorities 'detain 18yearold blogger'  India MPs in parliament uproar over Walmart lobbying Spain arrests 28 people suspected of links to Torontobased child porn ring Tibetan monk arrested for inciting selfimmolation  Chinese state media blames deaths on instructions from Dalai Lama Garlic smuggler flees conviction for 2m ginger fraud They had told customs officials that thousands of tons of garlic were, in fact, fresh ginger, which is untaxed. Britain launches genome database for patients' DNA. Up to 100,000 Britons suffering from cancer and rare diseases are to have their genetic codes fully sequenced and mapped as part of government plans to build a DNA database to boost drug discovery and development. Singer Jenni Rivera is missing after a plane she was flying in lost contact with air traffic controllers in Mexico  Syria's endgame in sight as rebels advance Austeritystruck Paris [France] has been hit by a wave of street muggings and grave robberies with thieves prepared to exhume bodies to steal gold and jewellery. Virgin pulls ads that make light of rape. Syria rebels homemade tank With Playstation Controller  Business Insider German cabinet decides to send troops to TurkeySyria border Nigerian finance minister's mother kidnapped Nigerian finance minister's mother kidnapped Sheik Khalid Bin Abdel Rehman AlHussainan Dead Al Qaeda Leader Killed By U.S. Drone In Pakistan's Tribal Regions Calls for a ban on helium balloons as world shortage worsens.   Costa Rica Bans Hunting as a Sport  

With 25% of its land protected as reserves, it becomes 1st Latin American country to ban hunting British deputy prime minister says he will block plans to give police and intelligence services powers to monitor all internet use Eighth Tibetan under 18 sets self on fire to protest Chinese occupation of Tibet. Ninety Tibetans have selfimmolated since February 2009. Norway wants to ban commercials for candy and other unhealthy food Google parks $10 billion in Bermuda, avoiding $2 billion in taxes The First Arrests Have Been Made in the LIBOR Manipulation Case  Dying girl now cancerfree after reakthrough' AIDS virus experiment. Chinese Want to Know Why Their News is on Twitter & They Aren't  
Chinese internet users miffed after learning Communist Party's official news service has its own Twitter account, even though Twitter is supposed to be banned in China Israel raids 3 Palestinian NGO offices This a message by the Israelis to the Palestinians, saying that when they take decisions or form patriotic organizations to seek their freedom, the occupation will use aggression to try and stop us. 2011 UK census shows rise in foreign born residents. 45% of Londoners are white British, down from 58% in 2001. What Great Helium Shortage?  Forbes Oldest Pharaoh Carvings Discovered in Egypt. The scenes place the age of the carvings between 3200 B.C. and 3100 B.C., researchers report in the December issue of the journal Antiquity. During that time, Egypt was transitioning into the dynastic rule of the pharaohs. Syrian Rebels force a child to behead an unarmed civilian.  Queensland medical centre hacked by Russian cyber criminals, records encrypted, and ransom demanded. Islamist supporters of Mohamed Morsi detained and beat dozens of his critics last week, in a move that may undermine the Egyptian presidents credibility. David Cameron rejects call for royal commission on drugs  British Prime minister rules out home affairs committee's proposal, arguing that drugs policies are already working Actor Depardieu bids adieu to France to avoid taxes French teacher suspended over 'suicide assignment'. 'The pupils, aged between 13 and 14, were told to imagine reasons for wanting to end their lives and describe their selfdisgust' Number of jailed journalists sets global record  Syrians Create A Secular, Democratic Village in Liberated City, Hope their example will set a model Election phone calls challenge hits Federal Court (Canada) Radical Syrian rebel group is about to be declared a terrorist organization. Dutch blasphemy law to fall and Irish one may follow Magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Banda Sea, Indonesia. Julian Assange to form Wikileaks Party, run for Australian Senate Amsterdam police will turn a blind eye to foreigners buying cannabis in its famous coffee shops when a national ban comes into force next year, the city's mayor said on Wednesday. North Korea launches rocket Giant Squid finally captured on video. Footage to be shown on Discovery Channel in January next year. Ravi Shankar, 92, greatest sitar player of the 20th century, has died Geysina, a 14 year old Afghani girl is beheaded for not accepting a marriage proposal  Yahoo! News Obama the US now recognizes Syrian opposition coalition as legitimate representative of the Syrian people Spain arrests woman with cocaine filled breast implants. Google Just Spent $5 Million on Drones to Spy on Rhino Poachers  The controversy over Psy's antiAmerican song lyrics is based on a single, anonymous translation. Several new translations suggest he didn't call for American deaths. Israel vows to withhold $400M in tax revenues from Palestinians over statehood drive Human trafficking ring in Argentina all suspects cleared of all charges Julian Assange confirms bid for Australian Senate A Canadian Company has claimed to have perfected invisibility! In northern Mali, Islamists attacks against civilians grow more brutal  Refugees describe rapes, forced marriages, amputations and other abuses in the region. Electronic Voting 19 year old hacks the Brazilian elections Uruguay has approved a gay marriage law. Prominent Russian political analyst publishes 
book explaining the social customs of Americans to his somewhat baffled countrymen NORAD North Korea Launches 'Object' Into Orbit [Updated] Syrian rebels defy US and pledge allegiance to jihadi group Ravi Shankar, sitar legend, has died Explosives connected to Islamic Extremists left at the Central Train Station in Bonn, Germany BBC News  Afghan judge Zahorudin recorded on tape 'seeking bribe' How a hotel maid changed France Nafissatou Diallo helped deny DSK the presidency of France  and changed the countrys history Obama Says U.S. Will Recognize Syrian Rebels The Real North Korea Problem  While the world fears its missiles 250,000 innocents, onethird of them children, are being forced to do slave labor on starvation rations and are daily subjected to heinous torture and executions North Korean satellite 'tumbling out of control,' US officials say Tibetans can't vote, their petitions to government are ignored, protest of any kind is criminalized and, once imprisoned, most Tibetans are denied a lawyer. Google boss Eric Schmidt I'm proud of our tax avoidance scheme...it's called capitalism Google avoids paying tax on upto 80% of its profit. Physicists To Test If Universe Is A Computer Simulation  Argentine mom rescues 100s of sex slaves, but can't find daughter The Russian state was involved in the murder of former spy Alexander Litvinenko, documents released by the British government have suggested. Kuwait introduces death penalty for cursing God and prophets Canadian university installs genderneutral toilet facilities. Go wherever you feel comfortable. The Tallow Candle an unknown fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen (author of the ugly duckling and the little mermaid) has been discovered. Jackie Chan suggests that Hong Kong residents should have their rights to protest restricted.  Insecticide regulators ignoring risk to bees, say MPs. A parliamentary inquiry has uncovered evidence that links widespread use of neonicotinoid pesticides to decline in bees
 Supercostly F35s, a global wrecking ball Syria Fires Scud Missile at Rebel Forces India's secret weapon against cervical cancer? Vinegar. North Korean satellite 'orbiting normally' after rocket launch, according to South Korea Japan scrambles fighter jets after Chinese plane seen near disputed islands Japanese Fighter Jets Respond to Chinese Challenge Over Disputed Islands  
China once again challenged Japanese claims to a disputed set of islands in the East China Sea, this time by sending a plane to patrol the area, which prompted Japan to scramble its own air force.  Top Deutsche Bank Executives Caught Up in Tax Evasion Inquiry Scores of Syrian civilians belonging to President Bashar alAssads minority Alawite sect were killed Tuesday in the first known Alawite massacre since the Syrian conflict began by members of the shabiha, a progovernment Alawite militia in a shocking episode of AlawiteonAlawite violence  Tweet history of US drone strikes lasting longer than planned
NYU student Josh Begley tried to tweet 10 years of US drone strikes in 10 minutes  but 12 hours later, he still hadn't finished What's a protester to do? Two years of peaceful demonstrations have yielded no results in Bahrain. Frustrated, some are now giving up on nonviolence, turning instead to the tried and true Molotov Cocktail. B.C. mine to hire only Chinese temporary workers for years Asahi Tepco cant find where huge amount of highly radioactive water is leaking at Reactor No. 2  Fractures in containment vessel suspected Internet remains unregulated after UN treaty blocked BBC News  US, UK and Canada refuse to sign UN internet treaty In 2004 CIA agents tortured a German citizen, sodomising, shackling, and beating him Scientists call for pardon for WW2 codebreaker Alan Turing British Deputy Prime Minister says war on drugs has failed, accuses politicians of a conspiracy of silence Computer hacker Gary McKinnon, who is wanted in the US, will not face charges in the UK 22 school students stabbed in China A man with a knife has wounded 22 children and an adult at a primary school in central China India Rejects Internet Regulation as UN Split Widens in Dubai  India joined the U.S. in opposing rules that would give governments control over the Internet as an international split over Web regulation divides a United Nations conference in Dubai. Too Big to Indict Federal and state authorities have chosen not to indict HSBC, the Londonbased bank, on charges of vast and prolonged money laundering, for fear that criminal prosecution would topple the bank... Israeli soldiers assault two Reuters cameramen Reuters news agency has accused Israeli soldiers of hitting two of its cameramen and forcing them to strip in the West Bank city of Hebron European court of human rights finds against CIA abuse of Khaled elMasri;
America must now apologise to the German citizen, a victim of mistaken identity who was kidnapped and beaten by the CIA Philippine death toll rises to 902 after Typhoon Bopha; 80,000 homeless Norway Begins Tests On Thorium  Business Insider British Deputy Prime Minister backs calls to consider decriminalising illegal drugs Pentagon to send missiles, troops to turkey UK Deputy Prime Minister says Time to rethink drugs. Afghan human rights groups have noticed a sharp rise in the number of selfimmolations across the country by women who are so desperate, so hopeless, they think the only escape is to burn themselves beyond recognition.  Ed Miliband every Briton should speak English Canada designates 27 countries as 'safe countries of origin'  Russian's save elephants by giving them vodka HardLine Israeli Foreign Minister Is Stepping Down Avigdor Lieberman resigned on Friday after being charged with fraud and breach of trust, in a move that could have repercussions on next months election Families Of Spain's 'Stolen Babies' Seek Answers  United States to send troops and Patriot missiles to Turkey Kim Jong Un Says N. Korea Needs More Satellites to Boost Economy Man slashes 22 children near China school  Millions of cameratrap images reveal Serengeti life Hospitalized with a lung infection, the 94yearold former South African president Nelson Mandela has successfully undergone a procedure to have gallstones removed Thousands hold unauthorized antiPutin rally in Moscow to mark anniversary of mass protest Debate on Islam and evolution has to be called off after revolt by Islamic student societies Egyptian Ruling Party Accused of Vote Rigging    Claims President Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood cheated  in referendum on new constitution. Violations cited include unsealed ballot papers, Muslim Brotherhood members coercing people, absence of judges to monitor & early closing of polls. Wrong man seized in Macedonia, brutalised by CIA, dumped in Albania
 Prince Charles's 700m estate accused of tax avoidance UBS faces $1 billion fine for Libor rigging Canada withdraws from Kyoto Protocol Iran offers condolences over school shooting in US Fukushima operator Tepco admits culpability  Japanese nuclear plant accepts lack of safety culture and bad habits contributed to world's worst nuclear accident in 25 years News of a new Syrian massacre; between 125150 civilians killed on Tuesday. Egypt TV bans romantic songs  sarcastic songs mocking public figures will also be banned because of the sensitiveness of the political situation Popularity of tiny Dutch Caribbean island soars after legislators legalized samesex marriage
 'Global Day of Action' Hits Walmart in 10 Countries  

Walmart workers demonstrated at headquarters in Argentina; marching through  Santiago; leafleting customers in Nicaragua; rallying  in Brazil, India & South Africa; & delivering a letter to the head office of Walmarts UK subsidiary ASDA. Iran Patriot missiles in Turkey threaten World War Spain seizes 28 million euros in Hosni Mubaraklinked assets  The Bullies of Beijing China's Image Problem  Actions by the People's Republic  intentional or not  have created the worst regional environment for China since the Tiananmen Square massacre. U.S. Officials Syria Has Prepared Several Dozen Chemical Bombs  Syrian President Bashar Assad have prepared several dozen bombs and shells loaded with the lethal chemical sarin. Major Gas Users Call for AntiRigging Regulations    Britain's biggest energy users are calling for tough regulations to ensure the overthecounter wholesale gas market cannot be rigged by traders & speculators. Opposition to Labor Camps Widens in China  Opponents of Chinas reeducation through labor system believe new leadership could end abuses at the camps, which confine perceived troublemakers without trial.  China tightens 'Great Firewall' internet control with new technology. Small boat sinks off Greek island, 20 migrants drown
 Jets strike Rebels around Damascus BodySlamming Piglets to Death is Humane, Big Food Lobby Claims  Harrowing video of  Canadian pig farm shows workers bodyslamming piglets into the floor, swinging them into metal posts & kicking them when they cant stand up.  Pork industry  says much on video is widely accepted practice.

 Pope Says Gay Marriage Poses A Threat To 'Justice And Peace' In World Day Of Peace 2013 Address Salvation Army volunteer tells gay rights supporters not to donate. Category 45 Hurricane Evan devastates Samoa, Fiji and is predicted to hit New Zealand on Friday Danes are the happiest people in the world. Once again, the US failed to make the top 10 list of happiest nations in the world, while all the Scandinavian nations did. They all have small stable populations. The US has the highest population growth rate of any industrialized nation. 
Secular Britain is ruled by religious bureaucrats Why is the church still such a force in our society when most of us disregard its clerics' teachings?
 In Turkey, there lives a mysterious minority known as the secret Armenians. They have been hiding in the open for nearly a century. Outwardly, they are Turks or Kurds, but the secret Armenians are actually descendants of the survivors of the 1915 Genocide, Music Industry Threatens to Bankrupt Pirate Party Members Syrian fighter jets bombed the Palestinian Yarmouk camp in Damascus on Sunday, killing at least 25 people sheltering in a mosque French actor, Gerard Depardieu, plans to give up his French citizenship after being insulted by the PM for wanting to move to Belgium for tax purposes China's Recent Trade Statistics Have Been Artificially Inflated An Afghan Mystery Why Are Large Shipments of Gold Leaving the Country? Free Syrian Army top commander killed in Syria's Aleppo Secrecy the Standard as Canada Enters TPP Talks 'The talks remain shrouded in secrecy, with a draft text that is confidential; public interest groups are largely banned from the venue where the negotiations are being held.' 
H&M comes under pressure to act on childlabour cotton Antislavery charity lobbies high street stores over links with clothing suppliers who buy from Uzbekistan
 Why North Korea Can't Count on China's Patronage Forever  Beijing's support for Pyongyang is at growing odds with its international responsibilities. Outdoor air pollution has been listed as one of the top ten killers in the world, with 65 percent of the air pollution deaths occurring in Asia and close to quarter of this in India British Columbia's Path to Marijuana Legalization European Court of Human Rights rules in former CIA detainee's favor 
Rendition, Zero Dark Thirty and the brutal reality of Britain's secret services Japan's conservative LDP back in power with twothirds majority File Sharing Lawsuits Could Lead to Clogged Courts as Canadians Rely on New Liability Caps '.. a Montrealbased company has captured data on one million Canadians who it says have engaged in unauthorized file sharing.' UN Concerned Over Egyptian Womens Rights in Proposed Constitution  Very few women were involved in drafting the constitution. Womens perspectives were grossly underrepresented in the final draft.  Womens right to equality can't be justified by religious or cultural tradition. Iran's army chief of staff warned NATO on Saturday that stationing Patriot antimissile batteries on Turkey's border with Syria was setting the stage for world war. People in Japan are voting in a general election, where former leader Shinzo Abe is challenging the current Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda. Russia sees panic buying as Mayan apocalypse mania takes root Why 2012 was the best year ever never in the history of the world has there been less hunger, less disease and more prosperity Congo has become a neverending nightmare, one of the bloodiest conflicts since World War II, with more than five million dead.  Queen to attend cabinet meeting for first time. It is believed to be the first time a monarch has attended cabinet since Queen Victoria's reign. Afghan bomb blast kills 10 girls Ten girls aged nine to 13 killed and two seriously injured as they gathered firewood outside their village in eastern Afghanistan Cameroon court upholds 3year jail term for man convicted of sending 'I love you' text message to another man. Health Canada Plans to Treat Marijuana Like Other Medicines, Commercialize its Production and Distribution Leaked Report Confirms HumanInduced Climate Change Australian public servant injured during sex on a work trip awarded compensation. For Spaniards, Having A Job No Longer Guarantees A Paycheck An Afghan Mystery Why Are Large Shipments Of Gold Leaving the Country?  


A surge in shipments since early summer. How come so much, when little gold is mined in Afghanistan? And why does so much of it go to Dubai? Is it regular Afghan commerce or is something else going on? One Hundred Thousand Tamils Missing After Sri Lanka War (World Bank data) Report Thousands of children face sex abuse by gangs in England  CNN.com Silence over sexual violence Arab women take stand on 'absurd honor'  CNN.com Syria descends into holy war 
Rights Group Denounces Thai Teachers' Slayings by Muslims
 In Spain, Having a Job No Longer Guarantees a Paycheck  NYTimes.com The lungs that Jennifer Wederell was given to save her life brought only agonising death  A young newlywed was never told that the organs needed for her transplant had come from a heavy smoker  Canadian claims to have cracked carrier pigeon message. Thousands of people across France have demonstrated in support of samesex marriage. The rallies come after even more people took to the streets last month to protest against it.  'Useless, useless, useless' the Palestinian verdict on Tony Blair India 'gangrape' Student, friend attacked on Delhi bus A major international human rights organization called Monday for an immediate end to violence against school personnel in Thailands insurgencywracked southern provinces, following last weeks murder of two Buddhist teachers who were shot executionstyle in the middle of a school day Palestinian refugee camp in Syria hit by fighting  Homes destroyed as Fiji feels Evan's fury Ireland to legalise abortion Berlin warns Egypt is sliding to dictatorship Chinese Authorities Arrest Dozens For Spreading Mayan Apocalypse Rumors Swedish teens riot over Instagram sex rumours   500 people are estimated to have gathered outside the 'Plus Gymnasium', according to Aftonbladet (Link in English) Israel Presses on With Plans for 6,000 New Settler Homes  China up in arms over Newtown coverage
Chinese critics argue that the public now knows more about Sandy Hook than they do about crime in their own country  1 in 6 worldwide unaffiliated with a religion.  Nonaffiliation/atheism is the third largest category. 'If A Man Is Not An Oligarch, There's Something Wrong With Him' Welcome To The New Breed Of Plutocrat Running London Russia sends a couple more ships to Syria, possibly starting evacuation Pakistan Four female vaccination workers shot dead in Karachi Richard Engel and NBC News team freed from captors in Syria The Bribery Aisle How WalMart Used Payoffs to Get Its Way in Mexico Iranian computers attacked by new malicious data wiper program Pirate Party Presses Charges Against Banks For WikiLeaks Blockade 11 yr old Afghan girl, student, polio vaccination volunteer...shot dead.  Tokyo to Take a Tougher Line With China Syrian rebels fight Palestinian proAssad group The Islamic Republic of Iran will not suspend 20 percent uranium enrichment because of the demands of others, said Atomic Energy Organization Director Fereidoun Abbasi. Saudi rights activist faces apostasy charge and death Police In Colombia Seize 1.5 Tons Of Cocaine In A Container That Was To Be Shipped To The US Armed militia in control of refugee camp in Damascus  Xinhua | English.news.cn Bilateral distrust between U.S., China at an alltime high Syrian Rebels Battle Palestinian Fighters in Damascus Palestinians flood into Lebanon after Damascus fighting Peak farmland is here. The amount of land needed to grow crops worldwide is at a peak and an area more than twice the size of France can return to nature by 2060 due to rising yields and slower population growth S Korea has it's first woman president. 'Habitable' planet discovered circling Tau Ceti star  World is one of five thought to be circling star just 12 light years away, say scientists In France, Free Birth Control For Girls At Age 15 British woman 'raped by three men' in Dubai is FINED for drinking Five female polio vaccinators shot dead in Pakistan. United Nations and Amnesty International give Canada failing grades on human rights. Outrage Grows in India Over GangRape on Bus  The hourslong gangrape & nearfatal beating of a 23yrold student on a bus in New Delhi trigger outrage & anger across the country as Indians demand action from authorities who've  long ignored persistent violence & harassment against women. King Ramesses III's Throat Slit  Scans reveal deep cut in Egyptian pharaohs neck.  Records say he was killed by his harem as part of a palace coup involving his son, Prince Pentawere. An unusual, unidentified mummy from a royal tomb near the Valley of the Kings may be the  convicted son.   Dead Sea Scrolls online library launched by Google and Israel The Truth About North Korean Space Launch  It put an object into orbit. Headlines shouted how it was likely a missile test & a failure of Western intelligence. Most of those headlines were completely wrong, though there are many questions yet to be answered about the launch &  what it means. 3 arrested in massive Canadian maple syrup heist, which hurt world supply  The Washington Post S&P raises Greece's credit rating Slavery's Global Comeback  Buying & selling people into forced labor is bigger than ever. What human trafficking really means. Breakthrough Cops make arrests in maple syrup heist More Heath Workers shot in Pakistan bringing the total to 8 in 48 hours. Chinese leaders still suspicious of religion, party document shows  A May 2011 party document talks of a plot by overseas hostile forces to use religion to divide the country. Three more polio workers shot in Pakistan; eight dead in 48 hours
| Reuters Japan whalers given Sea Shepherd injunction by US court Anger as French psychiatrist is found guilty after patient hacks man to death Russian lawmakers eye adoption ban to U.S.  East London men charged over child prostitution  BBC News French psychiatrist sentenced after patient commits murder New Lethal Bird Flu Strain  in Indonesian   Virus that's killed over 300,000 ducks in the past few weeks is virulent type new to country.  It's unknown  it mutated or if it originated overseas. There's a possible risk factor with direct contact.  A 4yrold boy died  from bird flu  Dec 6. 90 More Pieces of Gold & Silver From Staffordshire Hoard Found  In 2009, a metal detector enthusiast found over 3,000 gold & silver AngloSaxon objects from 7th8th centuries in a farmer's field. New artifacts include a helmet piece, cross & eagleshaped mounts.  Antipolio workers shot dead in Pakistan Thieves arrested for stealing 6 million pounds of maple syrup in Canada UN confirms Hezbollah fighting for Assad in Syria 50,000 Islamists marched chanting that Egypt will be Islamic, Islamic, despite the Christians. They made sure to go through mainly Christian districts of the city, where residents, fearing attacks, shuttered down their stores and stayed in their homes. Those with no religious affiliation  including atheists and agnostics  are now the thirdlargest religious group in the world. Jobless to be remotely monitored by Government, Benefit claimants will have their online job applications remotely monitored by the Government to see whether they are making serious attempts to find work.   Telegraph Afghanistan Village Massacre Army Will Seek Death Penalty For Soldier Accused Of Killing 16 Villagers Down to 50C Russians freeze to death as strongestindecades winter hits (PHOTOS) 23 yr old girl brutally gangraped and assaulted in New Delhi, India. Girl is fighting for her life. Entire India is in uproar. Native Chief on 9th day of hunger strike, in an effort to move Stephen Harper to include Aboriginal people in decisions involving natural resources. Thousands marched across Canada today, after the Prime Minister has passed bills allowing foreign purchase of resources and more Afghan President Hamid Karzai has called on US and NATO troops to immediately leave the country, saying security transition to local forces should take place as soon as possible. Russia votes to ban all adoptions by Americans Childsnatching eagle video is fake, created as student project Mother of 3yearold named Jihad faces French court for putting I am a bomb shirt on her son Police in China have arrested almost 1,000 doomsday cult members for spreading rumours about the imminent end of the world, state media say. 
 Species of whale thought to be extinct for 2 million years found. Astronaut Chris Hadfield blasts off to become first Canadian commander of International Space Station  Julian Assange to make alcony speech' from Ecuador embassy Fiveyearold Indian girl stolen in sleep, raped 
China arrests 500 followers of religious cult over Mayan apocalypse rumours QuasiChristian religious group the Church of the Almighty God accused of spreading rumours that world will end on Friday
 65% of Air Pollution Deaths Occur in Asia With a 1/4 in India  It ranks 6th most dangerous killer & is in top 10 killers in world. Outdoor air contributes to 1.2m deaths in E Asia & 712,000 in S Asia, much higher than toll of 400,000 in EU 27, E Europe, & Russia. Why Indian men rape Nazis in Italy   165 Murders Per Day  That's the horrifying conclusion reached by commission exploring full extent of Nazi war crimes in Italy in WWII. The identity of many of the murderers has long been known, but to this day little has been done to bring them to justice.  How Australia banned semiautomatic rifles nationwide in 1996 and how it change the landscape UN confirms Hezbollah fighting for Assad in Syria Delhi gangrape victim writes on a piece of paper 'Mother, I want to live'  Hindustan Times Syria dropping cluster bombs on civilians  UN calls for ban on 'grotesque practice' of female genital mutilation  Pope signals interreligion alliance against gay marriage China and North Korea are batteling over a mountain on their border where Kim Jongil was allegedly born. Soviet documents however show he was born in Russia.  Discovery of Oldest Known Water Wells in Europe Show Stone Age Settlers More Advanced Than Thought    The 4 wells, lined with wood shaped with stone tools,  don't match up with what historians believed man capable of then.   Houses from this era have probably been underestimated. Big Food Corporations Are Making The World Fat Rising anger of Canada's First Nations over living conditions Cairo Court Sentences Man to 3 Years for Insulting Religion  A Cairo court sentenced an atheist from a Christian family on Wednesday to three years in prison for insulting religion Rumors of plot to sterilize Muslims with polio vaccine spark killings in Pakistan Bolivian president predicts era of peace and love instead of apocalypse Evo Morales will mark the solstice by sailing across Lake Titicaca in one of the largest reed ships built in modern times
 Two arrested in Delhi gangrape case, doctors say never seen such brutality Her intestines are damaged; the blood supply to her intestines has been severed Moscow is preparing to evacuate 30,000 Russians from Syria Major blow to Apple as one of its key patents is invalidated. The patent helped it win a 1 billion dollar judgement against Samsung US Rabbis Sign Letter Opposing Settlement Construction Mexico's Maya Heartland Greets Dawn Of New Era Ceremonial fires burned and conches sounded off as dawn broke over the steps of the main pyramid at the Mayan ruins of Chichen Itza Friday, making what many believe is the conclusion of a vast, 5,125year cycle in the Mayan calendar. Why Has Moscow Passed a Law to Ban U.S. Adoption of Russian Orphans? Under new rules which enter force tomorrow, insurers in Europe will have to charge the same prices to women and men for the same insurance products without distinction on the grounds of sex. Video of Syrian military released showing the military firing scud missiles on their own people. Female Vaccination Workers, Essential in Pakistan, Become Prey Syria Unleashes Cluster Bombs on Town, Punishing Civilians Winter solstice celebrated at Stonehenge Frances President Franois Hollande recognized the suffering of Algerians during more than a century of French dominion over the country Thursday, in the harshest description of the period by a French head of state yet, denouncing the profoundly unjust and brutal nature of the colonial system. EU steps up antitobacco warnings Rape victim still critical, writes to mother 'I want to live'  Hindustan Times Facebook Trials Charging $1 to Send Certain Messages  It's launched a trial to see whether people are prepared pay $1 (0.62) to send messages to the inboxes of people who aren't in their social circle. Man burnt to death by mob in front of the police for allegedly burning pages of Quran 70 percent of Germans oppose new law legalizing religiously motivated circumcision Top Tory MP, who praised sanctity of marriage, had 11year affair; he claimed marriage could only work between one man and one woman Christian mob burns man alive after Nigeria church attack Russia closes paper after journalists laugh at Vladimir Putin   Guyana to get $45M from Norway for saving forest Syrian rebels fire at civilian airliner German Family Minister Slammed for Suggesting God Has No Gender  SPIEGEL ONLINE Fortress in the Sky 
Buried Christian Empire Casts New Light on Early Islam  

Archeologists are studying the ruins of a buried Christian empire in the highlands of Yemen. The sites spark questions about the early history of Islam. Was there once a church in Mecca?  Delhi, India   Police fire tear gas shells, lathicharge at people protesting against the gangrape of a young Delhi woman Delhi gangrape case could be turning point for India's rape laws  

India is considering a fasttrack court process to expedite rape cases and step up punishment for sexual violence on the heels of the bus rape incident that spurred outrage across India. More than 20,000 people have disappeared in Mexico over the past six years of a brutal crackdown on drugs during the government of former president Felipe Calderon Assange to publish 'million more files'  UN peacekeeping helicopter shot down in South Sudan, all four crew members dead Cameron Backs Plans to Protect Children With 'Radical' New Web Porn Filters Cameroon army to take on machineguntoting elephant poachers What happened when a travel writer flew to Iran with no tourist visa or return flight, the Iranian official let him in. Hunt for Argentina's Grandchildren Stolen Years Ago  During military dictatorship, women were abducted & killed for leftist views. Those pregnant were kept alive until giving birth, their children adopted & given false IDs to ensure they didn't grow up with same views as mothers.  UN helicopter shot down in South Sudan  Mexico Frees ExMarine Jailed for Bringing in Gun United States citizen detained in North Korea CD ripping to be permitted following UK copyright reform Italian PM Monti resigns after 13 months in office  Israel Soldiers Wound 5 Palestinians in Gaza Armed Islamic  Extremists Kill Yemen Woman in Alcohol Raid   They raided several homes whose owners allegedly have alcoholic drinks. Over 10 armed men on motorbikes stormed 3 houses.
Owners fled except the woman who the gunmen shot dead before driving off. Philippines OKs divisive contraceptives bill Philippine legislators passed a landmark bill that would provide government funding for contraceptives and sexuality classes in schools despite strong opposition by the dominant Roman Catholic Church and its followers Indian protesters, mostly women, are being beaten in the street by India's Rapid Action Force, a violently supressive police force.  Protests against an unpunished gang rape have turned violent.  The World's largest democracy is having an enormous humanitarian and political crisis. 
Jeremy Hunt 'disgusted and appalledy reports of neglect at hospital where elderly man died of starvation Reports claim some patients treated by Worcestershire Acute NHS Hospital Trust were left thirsty with drinks left out of reach while others were left to sit in their own excrement
 Crowdfunded Drones Could Save White Rhinos From Extinction  There are 4 North White rhinos in Kenya. They constitute 57% of the total population__there are only 7 in the world. They live on 90,000 acres patrolled by 120 rangers.  West Island Catholic deacon removed from post after child porn charges A prominent West Island (Montreal Quebec) deacon, who used to speak publicly about sexual crimes, has been charged with the production and distribution of 2,000 child pornography files following a police investigation Egypt 'Things are definitely worse than under the old regime' India Police Kill Journalist During Protest Over Sex Attack  
TV reporter shot when police fired on protest over attack on  film actress dragged from stage in full public view by an armed militant who tried to rape her. She managed to fight him off. Welcome To Mato Grosso, The Giant Swath Of Land That's Feeding The Entire World Israel says it will build settlements in East Jerusalem neighborhoods 'Unprecedented' Public Rage Over Gang Rape In India US and Russia agree on a plan to curtail theft of intellectual property, after Obama grants Russia permanent normal trade relations and the two nations agree to have the WTO's tenets apply between them Taliban bomb kills nine including minister at Pakistan rally Sydney mosque puts fatwa on Christmas, warning followers it is a ''sin'' to even wish people a Merry Christmas... Pope Benedict XVI granted his former butler a Christmas pardon Saturday, forgiving him in person during a jailhouse meeting for stealing and leaking his private papers in one of the gravest Vatican security breaches in recent times. After the 15minute meeting, Paolo Gabriele was freed UN suspends polio drive in Pakistan after eight people involved in the effort were shot dead in the past two days Woman gangraped, stripped naked in India Stalins Statue Restored as Georgians Recall Happier Times   Google makes it possible for the masses to view portions of the Dead Sea Scrolls Germany Warns Britain Against 'Blackmailing' EU  in Bid to Bring Powers Back Home From Brussels  We want to keep Britain in the EU & not force it out.   But I'll also say that does not mean anyone can blackmail us,  says German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble. Hungary has amended its constitution to bar foreigners from buying farmland, a move the government called 'historic,ut one that could cause friction with the European Union.  Thousands protest during antirape rallies in India A hospital in Taiwan harvested organs and other body parts from one of six executed death row inmates, in a controversial procedure that could help five patients Syrian rebels threaten to storm 2 predominantly Christian towns Egypt's Brotherhood Claims Constitution Passes With a 64% yes vote   The opposition says there were a lot of irregularities in the voting Pakistani mob beats to death Muslim accused of blasphemy Swaziland Bans Women From Wearing RapeProvoking MiniSkirts, MidriffRevealing Tops & LowRise Jeans.  Offenders face 6mos in  jail.  The act of the rapist is made easy, because it'd be easy to remove halfcloth worn by women.  Those wearing such clothing are responsible for assaults or rapes. Air strike kills dozens of Syrians trying to buy bread Mayan temple damaged in tourist 'apocalypse' frenzy  Human Rights Watch Palestinian armed groups in Gaza violated the laws of war by launching rockets toward population centers from densely populated areas
 Red alert issued for Chilean volcano From the Delhi police  why women DESERVE to be raped Canadian backlash as cannibal killer named 'news maker of the yeary The Canadian Press Syrian Troops 'Using Killer Gas Bombs' While Fighting Rebels in Homs  
 Activists in Homs say 6 rebels died Sunday night because they inhaled odorle  Is gas & white smoke.  Some felt nauseous with severe headaches. Some had fits. It's the 1st time activists have recorded these effects. Afghan Policewoman Kills US Advisor New German party has its eye on the farright torch. If authorities succeed in banning the neoNazi NPD, its successor is ready and waiting.
 Chile on high alert for volcano  Chile has raised the alert level for the Copahue volcano to red, the highest possible, as seismic activity in the area increased overnight.  Red alert issued for volcano on ChileArgentina border Counterfeit medicine from Asia threatens lives in Africa Syrian Christians fear bleak future after Assad Israel to join NATO activities amidst Turkey tension. Muslim Brotherhood Egyptians pass new constitution  Preliminary results released by state run media show 64 percent of Egyptians voted yes.
 Chinese school bus crash kills 11 children North Korea warns South over giant Christmas tower Pyongyang warned of unspecified consequences because of the tower, which Seoul allowed Christians to light on Saturday Russian military presence in Syria poses challenge to USled intervention  Advisers deployed with surfacetoair systems bolster President Assad's defences and complicate outcome of any future strikes India PM appeals for Delhi calm after rape protests Minor girl in India raped, recorded and clip uploaded to the internet, in yet another crime against children/women Syrian Christians flee civil war, say they face a bleak future if Assad regime falls  Nigeria Islamists kidnapp French engineer because of French Government's stance on Islam and Muslims. France recently banned the veil. China Holds Test Run on Worlds Longest HighSpeed Railway Link. Russias only Hindu temple faces threat of demolition India rape victim raped by cops investigating case A 'dad' is tenth most popular Christmas list request for children  Telegraph Acid attack victim wins India's version Who Wants to be a Millionaire. Will spend her winnings on reconstructive surgery. Al Jazeera plays the piper, but Qatar calls the tune Longtime Berlin correspondent for Al Jazeera recently resigned from his post, says the Qatari government is exercising undue influence on Al Jazeera's reporting Indian policeman killed in rape protests  In an effort to safeguard some 20,000 jobs at a time of rising unemployment,
the Italian government has taken an unprecedented step. It has reversed a court order that called for the partial shutdown of Europe's biggest steel plant because it is spewing cancerproducing dioxins. Wifebeating husband gets 30 lashes | GulfNews.com China may require real name registration for internet access. 'The government says such a system is needed to prevent people making malicious and anonymous accusations online and that many other countries already have such rules'
 Ethiopia has struggled with a shortage of qualified doctors for years. In an effort to resolve that, it's vastly increased the sizes of existing classes and opened 13 new schools. But critics say Ethiopia is training a generation of woefully unqualified doctors.  Indian woman, daughter kill Mumbai stockbroker, cut him into 17 pieces Despite billions of dollars spent  and billions more allocated for Haiti but unspent  rebuilding has still barely begun and 357,785 Haitians languish in 496 tent camps. Christmas brings fear of church bombs in Nigeria Defence Secretary Phillip Hammond has announced that British Reaper Drones will be withdrawn from Afghanistan in 2014 Defence Chiefs are furious 5yrold raped by neighbour in India Jerusalem Catholic patriarch backs Palestinian state For the first time since the 18th century, the European bison is returning to Germany to live in the wild. The wisent, as it is also known, has been brought to the country by a famous prince. Although the creatures' survival is uncertain, the project has already attracted considerable attention Leniency Denied, UBS Unit Admits Guilt in Rate Case  NYTimes.com Iran warns citizens to avoid US travel | Iran has issued a travel warning to its citizens against visiting the United States, an official said, after the death of an Iranian national reportedly following a grilling by US customs officials.
 AFP Mali Islamists destroying more Timbuktu mausoleums Jurez police officers allegedly force man to swallow bullets Mentallychallenged woman raped by uncle, cousin in India Female circumcision is a right, says imam |  The Australian South Korea mass singles dating event flooded by men India clamps down on gang rape protests, PM appeals for calm  Indian authorities throttled movement in the heart of the capital, shutting roads and railway stations in a bid to restore law and order after police fought pitched battles with protesters enraged by the gang rape of a young woman. BBC News  Macedonia budget sparks protests in front of parliament Mexico Bishop Inspires, Infuriates by Telling 1,000s Gathered in Stadium That Politicians are Tied to Organized Crime, Lawmakers' Attempts to Curb Money Laundering are Intentionally Weak, & New Labor Reforms are a Way to Enslave Mexican Workers British Create Petition to Keep Piers Morgan in US  After a petition to deport the progun control CNN host gains momentum, a counterpetition emerges Defense Department of Canada removes report on killing of Canadian soldier by Israeli forces When U.S. drones kill civilians, Yemens government tries to conceal it  The Washington Post Dig Finds Evidence of Real Bethlehem  There's strong evidence Jesus was born in a Galilee village once celebrated as his birthplace. Emperor Justinian built a wall around it. It makes more sense Mary rode 7 km on a donkey rather than 150 km.  West Bank's Bethlehem likely wasn't inhabited then. Majority of Britons support fox hunting ban leaving the hunters none too pleased. Facebook Funneled Nearly Half A Billion Pounds In The Cayman Islands Last Year Faced with the threat of horsemounted Sudanese elephant poachers armed with machine guns, the central African nation [Cameroon] has deployed military helicopters and 600 soldiers to try to protect the park [Bouba Ndjida National Park] and its animals. Iranian lawmaker is complaining that Russian women technicians at the Bushehr nuclear power plant are violating the Islamic dress code China's Finless Porpoises Now Rarer than Wild Pandas  Fishing, pollution, etc in Yangtze River   driving another species to extinction. It's one of worlds few remaining freshwater cetaceans.   Losing these top carnivores is an indication of the terrible state of the river ecosystem.  .  The men who would save Mali's manuscripts  Islamist militants in Timbuktu destroyed graves & shrines associated with Sufism this year. Some fear the ancient manuscripts  are next. Russias Brutal Early Winter Claims 123 Lives in Past 10 Days  In the past 24 hours, 201 people were hospitalized for hypothermia & frostbite, including 14 children.  Since the cold snap, 1,745 people were affected & over 800 hospitalized. Netanyahu I'll strengthen settlements during next 4 years China says it is on alert after Japan dispatched fighter jets over the East China Sea.  Japanese media report Japan sent F15 fighter aircraft after detecting a Chinese marine surveillance plane in disputed airspace near contested islands in the East China Sea. 8 dead, 5,000 homeless in Christmas Day fires followed by riot in Philippine capital
 Group of Indian Jews said to be from Lost Tribe move to Israel In majorityMuslim Senegal, Christmas is flourishing  Even the Grande Mosquee that dominates the citys skyline, is aglow in holiday lights.   President Vladimir Putin is facing growing opposition to new legislation that would ban US citizens from adopting Russian children.  Policewoman who killed US aide in Kabul 'is Iranian' China cracks down on childtrafficking gangs. National operation spanning nine provinces leads to arrest of 355 suspects and the rescue of 89 abducted children. An Iranian lawmaker has complained that female Russian technicians working at the Bushehr nuclear power plant are not respecting the countrys dress code despite that they are being paid to wear the Islamic headscarf, known as the hijab. Canada's Food Safety Rules Not Much Good if Not Followed  Veteran cattleman has  simple solution to prevent E. coli outbreak making people sick, throwing 1,000s out of work & smearing the Canadian beef brand.  Industry officials  must do their jobs. China opens world's longest highspeed rail route  Egyptian voters back new constitution Facebook paid 2.9m tax on 840m profits made outside US, figures show  Putin Says He Will Sign Bill Banning Americans From Adopting Russian Children PricewaterhouseCoopers sued for $900 million in Iceland for being an accomplice to the crimes of Landsbankinn, one of the three failed Icelandic banks India to Name & Shame Rapists  Govt to post photos, names & addresses of convicted rapists on official websites to publicly shame them in new measure to combat growing crime against women.  Villagers join alQaeda after deadly US strike Chemical Weapons use in Syria confirmed by defecting MP General  Flurry of corruption revelations suggests Chinas new leadership getting serious about cronyism and bribery in staterun companies and local governments. BBC News  33 ton aquarium bursts in shopping centre in Shanghai injuring 16 people Brazilian cities hit by crack epidemic. 'Although crack is illegal, Brazilian officials view the problem as a public health matter in which the state has a paramount role in helping break addictions' Gerry Anderson, Thunderbirds creator, dies Japan says it will review plans to abandon nuclear power Civilians rush to withdraw savings from banks after Egyptian president signs bill into law; US We urge Morsi to bridge division. MI6 codebreaker Gareth Williams 'probably locked himself into sports bag'  Telegraph In Public Broadcast, HighRanking Syrian General Defects in New Blow to Assad 'Brighter than a full moon' The biggest star of 2013... could be the comet of the century  Proposal to ban polar bear hunts, trade sparks international controversy New Zealand's largest paper calls Kim Dotcom good for this country  
Dotcom comes with drama, but he helped expose political scandal in the country China may require real name registration for internet access
| Reuters Would you eat less meat to help save the planet?  Westerners should halve their consumption of meat to prevent global warming caused by agriculture, scientists attending the Rio+20 summit in Brazil have said World's Longest HighSpeed Rail Line Opens in China Ancient ConeheadLike Alien Skulls Unearthed In Mexico This was an Hispanic cemetery with 25 skulls, and 13 of them have deformed heads...We dont know why this population specifically deformed their heads. Nine men in a small Mexican town were gunned down as they ate Christmas dinner  an escalation of the war between drug cartels in the state of Sinaloa. 
 Japanese man Jiroemon Kimura to become oldest living man ever on record   The Telegraph Germany Suspected Islamists attack Indian student | News  ,  International | THE DAILY STAR Russia has sent 1200+ marines to Syria  developing BBC News  India tea workers burn boss to death in Assam state A 17yearold Indian girl who was gangraped killed herself after police pressured her to drop the case and marry one of her attackers, police and a relative said on Thursday. Belgium prosecutes Scientology as a criminal organisation. Charges are extortion, fraud, privacy breaches and practice of illegal medicine. China has passed a law requiring adult children to visit their elderly parents regularly or risk being sued. Chinese labor camp worker hides note inside Halloween decorations Saudi detains dozens for plotting to celebrate Christmas First wolf sighting in the Netherlands since 1897 Catholic Priest Sparks Outrage in Italy by Claiming Women Bring Violence on Themselves by Dressing Provocatively & Neglecting Housework  They provoke the worst instincts, which end in violence or sexual abuse. They should search their consciences & ask did we bring this on ourselves? 
Surge in 'Honor killings' Bring Dishonor to India  The policeman jumped to his feet as a brother   placed his sister's head on the table.  Nilofar Bibi, 22, was only 14  when she entered an arranged marriage. Alleging torture  by her inlaws, Bibi returned to her parents &  vanished.  Ancient Mayan Temple in Guatemala Irreparably Damaged by EndofWorld Parties Islamists Harsh Justice Is on the Rise in North Mali  Amputations have occurred at least 14 times since the Islamist takeover of the region last spring, with a vow of more to come.  German court allows patients to grow own pot | Germany | DW.DE | 27.12.2012 A top official hinted Thursday that Japans newly installed conservative government might seek to revise a nearly twodecadeold official apology to women forced into sexual slavery during World War II. 2,750yearold temple discovered in Israel Hamas bans Palestinian journalists from Israeli media cooperation | World news | guardian.co.uk Betrayed While They Sleep, Afghan Police Are Dying in Numbers China has tightened its rules on internet usage to enforce a previous requirement that users fully identify themselves to service providers. US evacuates Central African Republic embassy as rebels advance on capital. U.S. official North Korea likely deceived U.S. Iran's only female cabinet minister sacked President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad takes action after health minister Marzieh Vahid Dastjerdi criticises colleagues Egypts top prosecutor orders probe against Egypt's top opposition leaders ElBaradei, Moussa and Sabahi Swedish Mother Used Christmas Gift to Murder Partner as he Slept
 Uttar Pradesh GangRape Victim Raped, Threatened by Police Officers Probing Her Case (India) Official in Japan's new government hints at revising apology to wartime sex slaves Germany Now a Shopping Destination for Wealthy Russians and Chinese The police slap heard all over Bahrain BBC News  Delhi gangrape victim dies in hospital in Singapore A world without bees would be a very different place Executives at Collapsed Iceland Bank Jailed for Fraud At Least 15 Tied Up & Killed  Suspected radical Islamists attacked Nigerian village, tying up men, women & children before slitting their throats.  We heard chanting, 'God is great, God is great' amid sounds of banging on doors.   ...children were heard screaming.

 Heirs of Maos Comrades Rise as New Capitalist Nobility  How children of China's Communist old guard got so rich. They were put in charge of state corporations created in 1980s. Used assets and cashflow to build private real estate empires in 1990s. Now their kids crash Ferraris UK has one of highest rates of family breakdown in the Western world, with just 68.9% of children living with both parents  It's behind only Belgium, Latvia & Estonia.  Finland has the most children living with both parents, at 95.2%.

 Mexico Lifting Gay Blood Donation Ban A series of paintings depicting Muslim clerics in scenes with strong homosexual overtones on display at Pakistan's leading arts college sparked an uproar and threats of violence by Islamic extremists. French 75% income tax struck down by constitutional council Wojtek the beerdrinking soldier bear statue planned Australia Angry, Condemns Japan Whale Hunt  It's particularly offensive that Japan's whaling in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary.  Australia  condemns Japan's socalled 'scientific' whaling.  Japan will hunt up to 935 Antarctic minke whales & up to 50 fin whales through March.  A Moscow court has acquitted the only official charged with the death of whistleblower Sergei Magnitsky Along Chinese Border, Defectors Say N Korean Province is Quietly Liberalizing, Experiencing a Degree of Relative Wealth & Freedom Unknown in the Rest of the Country  Residents are said to have regular access to rice.  ...you can lead a decent life.   Greek official caught in financial scandal. 
Pasok party ejects former finance minister for allegedly removing relatives' names from list probed for tax evasion.
 B.C. Man Sues WalMart After Heater Allegedly Starts Fire, Burns Down House  Alleges WalMart & heaters maker, Fusion Canada, had a duty to warn of any defects & to ensure the heater was reasonably inspected before sale. Passengers & Crew on  Luxury Cruise Ship Sickened by Mystery Pathogen  Unknown illness, suspected of being a norovirus, has sickened 194 passengers & 11 crew  on  Queen Mary 2, causing vomiting & diarrhea.  Earlier this week, 189 passengers & 31 crew on the Emerald Princess had same symptoms. Out Of Desperation, North Korean Women Become Breadwinners Venezuela South America's Most Dangerous Country  According to calculations made by a respected NGO, Venezuela is now far & away the most dangerous country in South America, with Caracas one of the most dangerous capitals in the world. China's growing hunger for seafood is testing relations with other countries and worrying foreign officials and scientists over the potential damage its massive fleet could do to global fishing stocks Pharma Firms Tested Drugs on East Germans  Over  50 Western firms had contracts with East Germany's Health Ministry to carry out 165 medical tests between 19831989 for money. Test subjects often were not informed. India charges six suspects with murder after victim of horrific gang rape dies German members of parliament call for creating a Minister of Internet after next election World's largest building nears completion Four Thais found guilty of human trafficking were sentenced to between three and 10 years imprisonment yesterday for their intricate involvement in the 2008 death truck that left 54 Burmese dead from suffocation inside a seafood container bound for Phuket BBC News  Delhi rape victim's condition 'deteriorates' To save wildlife, and tourism, Kenyans take up arms. 'In a growing number of communities here, people are so eager, even desperate, to protect their wildlife that civilians with no military experience are banding together and risking their lives to confront heavily armed poaching gangs' Australia condemns Japan for whale hunt, threatens Japan with diplomatic action unless it stops 'scientific' whaling program  Tony Burke, Australia's environment minister, condemned the move by Japan, describing the claims that its whaling program is for scientific research as a joke Indian government is proposing law to put rapists in prison for 30 years, and includes chemical Castration. France, home to the largest European population of Jews and Muslims,  sees spike of violence against Jews from young Muslim men 21 Pakistani policemen found shot dead Rita Levi Montalcini, Nobel Prizewinner in Medicine, Dies at 103 Russian police free child hostage, kill seven militants in Dagestan
| Reuters Mexican navy kills 4 trying to recover drug bossody Dead Sea Scrolls Digitally Launched As Never Seen Before By The Public (xarcheology) Pakistan lifts YouTube ban, only to reinstate it after three minutes Drone War Spurs Militants to Deadly Reprisals Iran to move airport after oil found under runway Bolivia nationalises electricity companies  20 Shiite pilgrims killed in Pakistan bus attacks Unemployment rate in France climbs for 19th month in row Eight Are Charged With Chilean Singers 1973 Murder After Military Coup No I'M the world's oldest person! Chinese woman aged 127 takes on 'young man' from Japan who is aged just 115 In the United Arab Emirates, poorly paid gas station attendants are routinely stripsearched to make sure they're not keeping any tips customers have given them. If they do, they're fired. BBC News  Bolivia takes over Spanishowned energy suppliers  Philippine president signs contraception law A familyplanning bill that was blocked by the Catholic Church for more than a decade is approved by the president. It allows government funding for contraceptives that would be made available especially for poor women. A New Player in the Narcotics Trade  Indonesia's National Narcotics Agency is concerned Iranian drug syndicates are using asylum seekers as smugglers.  Hezbollah's cocaine Jihad   Faced with dwindling Iranian funding, Shiite terror group partners with Mexican drug cartels; uses millions of dollars in drug money to support weapon acquisition habit Indian math genius Ramanujan's cryptic deathbed theory finally proved correct after 100 years National uproar over young womans death triggers public conversation about rape  in India French court throws out Hollande's tax on rich A young Nepali woman returning from Saudi Arabia is robbed by immigration officials and raped by a policeman  Victim's brother wants Indian gang rapists hanged Scientists fear Canada will fish bluefin tuna and other species to extinction New rights will 'effectively end homelessness' in Scotland  Controversial surgery in China for addiction burns away brain's pleasure center By destroying parts of the brain's pleasure centers in heroin addicts and alcoholics, these Chinese neurosurgeons hope to stop drug cravings A French weekly known for publishing cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed to the ire of conservative Muslims said Sunday it plans to release a comic book biography of Islams founder that will be researched and educational The Opec oil cartel, led by Saudi Arabia, will pocket a record of more than US$1tn in net oil revenues in 2012 as the annual average price for Brent, the benchmark, heads to an alltime high in spite of weak economic growth. Police Trap Reveals How Afghan Insider Attacks Work  The Taliban believed Beyar Khan Weyaar was perfect candidate to prepare an insider attack on Afghan police, but instead he set a daring trap that has given a rare insight into suicide bombing tactics. Sunshine is abundant in Qatar. All that untapped solar power could create a new energy economy in this oilrich nation. Researchers are already testing solarpowered cooling systems and water desalination plants Energy Company Staff Discovered Working at Climate Ministry    Green party MP says fossil fuel giants have no place there. ...it's even more outrageous taxpayers are footing the bill.  At a time British Gas customers are struggling, it's  to make 1.4bn profits this year.  
It'll take less than 2 inches of rain by month's end to make 2012 the wettest year ever in Britain  How Britain went from a drought to a deluge Pakistan militants kill 41 in mass execution, attack on Shi'ites Abu Qatada family say they want to leave 'racist' UK  Telegraph Yahoo exits S. Korea, halts service Costa Rica moves toward national ban on hunting   Costa Rica, a tropical country known for its national parks and ecotourism, has gone one step further to protect its environment a ban on hunting. Afghans angry at US soldiers who drove away in the night leaving rent unpaid US forces left behind piles of equipment, an unpaid rent bill and a festering land dispute that threatens to undermine the Afghan government when they moved out of a volatile corner of eastern Kunar province Syrian rebels eheaded Christian and fed him to dogs' | THE AUSTRALIAN  Russia Sends Another Naval Ship to Syria  No reason given, but Russian diplomats say Moscow is preparing  to evacuate thousands of Russians from Syria if necessary. Indian rape victim was 'planning to marry man she was attacked with'  Telegraph Pregnant US woman Caitlan Coleman missing in Afghanistan with husband Will Egypt's Jon Stewart be stifled?  CNN.com National Trust triess to block 100m Giant's Causeway golf course  
Campaigning group challenges Donald Trumpstyle plan backed by Northern Irish politicians for 5star resort on world heritage site Pakistani Taliban execute captured policemen  At least 21 men who belonged to a paramilitary force shot dead in Peshawar by their captors, say government officials. German magazine mistakenly publishes obituary for former US President George H.W. Bush Sex, drugs and rock and roll Australia's other boom
| Reuters North Korean leader, in rare address, seeks end to confrontation with South It will cost Canada 25 times more to close the Experimental Lakes Area research centre than it will to keep it open next year, yet the centre is closing. Raped by 42 men in 40 days. Sixteen years later, she awaits justice, Kerala, India Planet's oldest fossils at 3.49 billion years old found in Australia. 121 Journalists Killed on Duty in 2012 Palestinians to outnumber Jewish population by 2020, says PA report  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Kim JongUn calls for an end to confrontation with South Korea  Reuters Japans New Leader Endorses Nuclear Plants
  Egypt official Israel will be wiped out in a decade Extremism unchecked in schools, secret briefing reveals  Telegraph Britain is expected to lose its AAA credit rating this year, dealing a blow to George Osborne's defence of deep spending cuts as the key to retaining Britain's status with global investors. Africa Where black is not really beautiful LOTR trilogy sound editor Hopkins dies in NZ Multiple Feuds Bring Record Year of Violence to Karachi   
The sad truth was whatever your religion, business affiliation, or political party, someone was willing to kill you for it. The murder rate in Pakistan's largest city & commercial hub hit an all time high. North Korea's Kim JongUn vows radical economic shift Pakistan Lifts YouTube Ban, for 3 Minutes Poverty in one of the world's richest kingdoms Saudi Arabia Ghana bans secondhand fridges  A ban on the import of secondhand refrigerators is coming into force in Ghana to reduce energy consumption and harm to the environment. Man arrested after online rant against Liverpool and Hillsborough disaster victims  American plane leaves Iran after emergency landing China Kicks Out 'New York Times' Reporter Syrian PM says Assad ready for peace talks Venezuela fearing the worst amid reports Hugo Chavez is close to death Ivory Coast New Year stampede kill dozens.
 Indian police to officially charge 5 suspects with murder in gangrape case. The sixth suspect in the case that has outraged the country is under 18 and a juvenile In Pakistan Gunmen stop a van containing teachers that educate girls, shoot and murder 5 teachers and 2 aid workers Russia boosts space spending Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved a plan to spend $68.71 billion on developing Russia's space industry from 2013 to 2020 Japan's Population Falls by 212,000 in 2012 (record drop) Solar energy on the rise in Germany  the recent solar boom means the alternative form of energy now reaches 8 million homes in Germany, a 45 percent increase compared to 2011 Pakistan is developing a new generation of smaller tactical nuclear weapons. The dangers and challenges such arms present are very real. Six women and a man, working for a health and education charity, have been shot dead in a driveby shooting after they left a community centre in northwest Pakistan, police say. The victims of Tuesday's attack were all Pakistanis attached to the community centre in a Swabi village. 52,000 Amerasians, the illegitimate children of Filipino women and US soldiers,  fight for recognition in the Philippines.   Insight How Colombian drug traffickers used HSBC to launder money Indian lawyers refuse to defend gang rape accused Euros discarded as impoverished Greeks resort to bartering 60 people have been killed in a stampede following a New Year's fireworks  Hollande refuses to ditch supertax   President tells France 'we will still ask more of those who have the most' after court rules proposed 75% rate unconstitutional  An Indian minister has called on the authorities to reveal the name of the Delhi gangrape victim so that a new antirape law can be named after her. Al Saud remains hostile towards democracy and human rights. The Al Saud family of Saudi Arabia has dealt heavy crackdowns on peaceful protesters who demand democracy and human rights Blood of Beheaded French King Louis XVI Found in Gourd    Many spectators dipped their handkerchiefs in his blood.  A piece of fabric was in a dried, hollowedout gourd, leaving blood stains. The DNA is very similar to genetic material from  mummified head of earlier  king.  Egypt satirist faces probe for insulting president Israel will cease to exist within a decade, says Muslim Brotherhood official   Telegraph Over 60,000 dead in Syria conflict, U.N. says Qatari poet jailed for insulting the state's ruler.   Egypt satirist faces probe for 'undermining' Morsi  
Bassem Youssef, Egypt's alternative to Jon Stewart, faces investigation after insulting the president on television.  Armed robbers hit Apple store in Paris, reportedly steal $1.3 million in goods Drugresistant malaria in Thailand threatens deadly global 'nightmare' In Myanmar, Muslim survivors recall Buddhist assault that forced mass exodus  The Washington Post IsraeliPalestinian Clashes Erupt in West Bank  Drop in North Korean refugees to South Korea. Significantly fewer people fled North Korea towards the South in 2012 compared with 2011, data from Seoul shows