 Shell oil company refuses to clean up its African oil spill. Doctors Without Borders loses contact with 130 staff members in South Sudan; clinic destroyed World's 1st Hybrid Sharks Discovered Near Australia   Scientists have found not 1, not 2, but 57.  While the idea may bother some, marine biologists say these offspring of 2 genetically distinct species represent an extraordinary & totally unprecedented discovery in the world of sharks. Indian activists have reacted angrily after 12 doctors were fined less than $100 each for conducting secret drug trials on children and patients with learning disabilities. Everyone Is Starting To Worry That Hungary Is Sliding Into Dictatorship Iran threatens to take action if U.S. carrier returns to Persian Gulf. Belarus Has Outlawed Browsing Foreign Websites  Forbes How To Be A Dictator  


The brilliance of the Soviet regime was not just that you relied on few people, but that there were lots of replacements. This put your core circle on notice that they were easily replaced. That made them horribly loyal Taliban says it will open apolitical office in Qatar to negotiate with the U.S. for the first time. China Set to Punish Another Human Rights Activist  First the police crippled Ni Yulans legs. Then the authorities took away her license to practice law.  Know the court is expected to sentence the couple on charges that include picking quarrels and disturbing public order. Israeli companies can profit from West Bank resources, court rules Iran will not repeat its warning  US told to keep aircraft carrier out of Persian Gulf German joblessness falls to lowest since reunification, but in Spain unemployment climbs to record high For the first time in its history, Israel allows 6 Arab farmers to sell eggs China's City Dwellers to Breathe Unhealthy Air 'for Another 2030 Years'  despite recent moves to tighten controls on air pollution dangerous smogs Hong Kong Government Offices Hit by Deadly Bug  
Massive disinfection work was carried out at Hong Kong's new government headquarters, after the bacteria was found & one minister was hospitalized China Warns of Culture War by West Australia urges Fiji to restore democracy NATO to pull $30B worth of gear from Afghanistan  It took 18 years but Stephen Lawrence's family finally has justice Operation Blitzkrieg  Anonymous has a new target in its sights Germany's farright scene. The group has launched a new WikiLeaksstyle website publishing confidential data obtained from the farright NPD party and other extremist groups.  Murder probe after body found on Queen Elizabeth's estate
| Reuters About 12,000 people were slain last year in Mexicos surging drug violence...and more than 50,000 people have been killed during President  Calderons USbacked military confrontation with organized crime and drug trafficking, which began in 2006 Brazil Fines Chevron a 3rd Time  for not properly managing an offshore oil field that leaked 2,400 barrels of oil last month. Chevron says it's confident that it has always acted in a diligent & appropriate way. 

 China Chinese Muslims clash with police over mosque demolition China has reportedly cut twothirds of TV entertainment shows as part of a government campaign to reign in excessive entertainment. 'In November 2005, a US marine squad killed 24 Iraqis, many of them women and children, in the village of Haditha. This week, the squadron leader in charge, will face voluntary manslaughter charges...' India's sub$50 Android tablet claims 1.4 million orders in two weeks German president urged to resign over threats to newspaper editor Ecuador appeals court rules against Chevron in oil case  An Ecuadorean appeals court has upheld a ruling that Chevron should pay damages totalling $18.2bn (11.5bn) over Amazon oil pollution.  Swiss bankers charged in $1.2 billion tax fraud  CocaCola implicated in the propping of African dictator. The ethics of doing business with a known tyrant. Romanian State Companies to Donate 85% of Profit  In a controversial move, the Romanian government has ordered state companies to transfer most of their 2012 profits to the state budget. Czech author Josef Skvorecky, who took a stand against communist authorities in his native country by publishing banned works, has died aged 87.  Iranian Paliament prepares bill to bar foreign warships from Persian Gulf Japanese whalers & Protestors in Water Cannon Clash Bangladesh's Wall of Death Life at the IndiaBangladesh border is hostile and strange, and often deadly. Chinese Airlines Refuse to Pay EU Carbon Tax  

Airlines ponder legal challenge to carbon emissions scheme, while Chinese government may resort to 'retaliatory measures' Armed clashes erupt in central Tripoli Exrebels who remain organised in militia brigades are visible in many parts of the Libyan capital, and some have taken control of former government buildings, using them as headquarters Why Spains New Government is Drinking Austerity KoolAid & How This Threatens the Global Economy  
European elites push economic myths that benefit the rich & screw the rest. Spain's program means even higher public deficits, fewer jobs, & slowed growth Ecuador Upholds $18 billion Ruling Against Chevron for Polluting Amazon Rainforest Over 20 Years Ago In November 2005, a Marine squad killed 24 Iraqis, some of them women and children, in the village of Haditha. Staff Sgt. Frank Wuterich led the squad of Marines, and on Wednesday he'll face voluntary manslaughter charges at Camp Pendleton. Iran, U.S. play cat and mouse with the worlds oil Breivik's insanity disputed by 4 new experts Egypt Elections Illiterate voters just one hurdle in path toward democracy  
In one Nile Delta town participating in Egypt elections, a judge said he had to help fill in ballots for as many as 90% of voters, who couldn't read & write BBC News  China tycoon 'ate poisoned catmeat stew' Syrian activists say government armor still in cities  Opposition activists said on Wednesday armored vehicles were still in the streets of Syrian cities ready to act against protesters, contradicting statements by Arab League peace monitors that troops had withdrawn. Protest Against Corruption Erupts in Eastern China FileSharing Recognized as Official Religion in Sweden Greece The history behind the collapse  Professor of geopolitics at Sorbonne seeks to explain peculiarities of Greece's political administration, dysfunctional economy. And the lessons Europe must learn from his country's near failure US Threatened To Blacklist Spain For Not Implementing Site Blocking Law Armed commandos will protect India's tigers Chevron accused of racism as it fights Ecuador pollution ruling  Oil giant vows to continue fight after appeals court rules it must pay $18bn for dumping toxic waste in Amazon basin
 EU Agrees to Embargo on Iranian Oil  European governments have agreed in principle to ban imports of Iranian oil, EU diplomats said Wednesday, dealing a potentially heavy blow to Tehran that crowns new Western economic sanctions imposing real pain just months before an Iranian election. Mount Etna erupts sends out a 5000metrehigh column of volcanic ash Justice Delayed 30 years in Guatemala  Over 440 men, women and children were massacred to make way for the Chixoy Dam  a World Bank project B.C. man slain in Mexico 'stood up' to thieves Israeli police have issued restraining orders to a dozen settlers barring them from entering the occupied West Bank Can Turkey prevent a US war with Iran? Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu is headed to Iran amid escalating tensions with US. The 27 members of the European Union may be on the brink of announcing an embargo on Iranian oil. Caught on camera, the horrifying moment bus plunges down ravine on 'world's most dangerous road'


 'Secret' Environment Canada presentation warns of oilsands' impact on habitat Inside The 'Ndrangheta  


Profile of Calabrian mafia. Main business Cocaine wholesaling. Our customers in Germany are mostly pimps and a large biker gang. We deliver in units of 50 to 70 kilograms. Biggest headache How to invest all the profits Reversal of Fortune  A crusading lawyer helped Ecuadorans secure a huge environmental judgment against Chevron. But did he go too far?  This trial is historic. This is the first time a small developing country has had power over a multinational American company.
 Japan Plans Futuristic Farm in Disaster Zone  Unmanned tractors will work fields where pesticides will have been replaced by LEDs keeping rice, wheat, soybeans, fruit & vegetables safe until robots can put them in boxes Canada resists tough on crime policies from south 
of the border Canada Faces Calls to Stop its Commercial Seal Hunt  It's time for the govt to face the reality that commercial sealing is neither viable nor necessary.  Seal pup deaths have dramatically increased due to warming.  Russia banned the import of harp seal pelts. EU allows only Inuit seal products. Hosni Mubarak ordered shoottokill at Tahrir Square, say prosecutors  Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was responsible for killing some 800 Tahrir Square protesters, said prosecutors in the second day of Murbark's trial in Cairo. North Korea bulks up its military Seoul may be hoping for the best, but is preparing for the worst.
 2012 to be a decisive year in Mexicos deadly drug war as the country elects a new president & figures out how to combat the cartels  Heavy majorities support military deployment & other anticrime operations. About 1/3 want to negotiate with the cartels or legalize drugs Mexico Clash between rival gangs has left 31 inmates dead 31 inmates killed in northern Mexico prison fight Hindu group 'flew Pakistan flag to create tension' Six members of a rightwing Hindu group have been arrested in India's southern Karnataka state for raising Pakistan's national flag on a government building. Belarus (ex republic of USSR) has outlawed browsing foreign Web sites EU moves to ban Iran crude oil Iran Is Now Gearing Up For Its 'Greatest Wargames Ever' In The Strait Of Hormuz  Damascus bomber kills 25, 46 wounded Copyright is against my religion Kopimism officially recognized by Sweden  'Europe's biggest' free wifi zone set for London Iran Mounts New Web Crackdown  New rules will impose layers of surveillance in the country's popular Internet cafes, as Tehran's political establishment comes under increasing strains from economic turmoil and threats of more international sanctions. Zimbabwe's female rapists, accused of semen harvesting, strike again. Gangs of female rapists are on the prowl again, sexually assaulting and collecting sperm from male hitchhikers. Pirate Party boarding German politics as people are tired of the mainstream Syrian defector says government has lost control of 'human monsters' Turkey arrests its former chiefofstaff and 13 journalists for plotting to overthrow the government Haiti Cholera Death Toll Nears 7,000, Up From 544 Nov. 8   It's one of the largest cholera outbreaks in modern history to affect a single country. Ethiopia troops 'to quit Somalia'  Report Syria troops fire on Arab League monitors    3,000 dead in South Sudan Pibor County ethnic massacre Israel Police struggling to suppress Jewish extremists in West Bank, says senior officer Iran Calls Threat of Sanctions From European Union Economic War Beijing's 'Culture War' Isn't About the U.S.It's About China's Future (XPost from r/china) Doctors and residents blame US weapons for catastrophic levels of birth defects in Fallujah's newborns. Third ratings agency downgrades Hungary to junk News International Phone hacking Rebekah Brooks's former PA arrested Iranians brace for war with Western nations; buying up critical supplies from stores.  The Madness of North Korea  Can an entire people go mad? Sometimes it certainly seems so. Turkey arrests former army chief over 'plot to bring down government' Rumor of N. Korean nuclear explosion prompts brief stock panic in South US court allows Ecuador to collect on a $18.2B judgement against Chevron for toxic waste dumping After Qaddafi Comes in the Lead, Amnesty International Pulls Online Poll On Human Rights Heroes Totally drugresistant, a deadlier form of TB hits India, A new entity, ominously called Totally DrugResistant TB (TDRTB), has been isolated in the fluid samples of 12 TB patients Mumbai hospital. A View Inside Iran [pics] US navy rescues Iranian hostages held by pirates Iran squeezes Web surfers, prepares censored national intranet 'Before they can log on, Iranians are required to provide their name, father's name, address, telephone number and national ID...' Italian officials combating [. . .] tax evasion hit the jackpot in a swoop on a posh ski resort, catching 42 drivers of Ferraris and other luxury cars who had declared incomes of less than 30,000 euros ($38,700) a year. Pervez Musharraf, who resigned as Pakistan's president in 2008, will be arrested on arrival in the country later this month; a Pakistani court issued an arrest warrant for Musharraf in February over allegations he played a role in the 2007 assassination of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto Chevron Fails in U.S. Court Bid for Order to Shield Its Ecuadorean Assets Karzai demands Bagram be handed over inside a month. Afghans report Americans abusing detainees. A 15yearold boy from Paris was tortured and drowned on Christmas Day by his relatives after they accused him of practising witchcraft To Escape Rising Seas, Entire Island Nation of Maldives Considering Moving to Australia The Dog That Didn't Bark  Algeria looked ripe for revolution. What happened? Ten of Britain's biggest shopping malls install equipment to spy on shoppers via their mobiles Chinese investment in Portuguese power grid raises eyebrows, Portugal is selling its over 20 percent stake in the country's dominant electricity supplier to China's stateowned Three Gorges. US Rules Against Chevrons Bid Not to Pay Ecuador $18 Billion in Environmental Damages  Jamaica 'to cut ties with British monarchy' Airbus A380 fleet should be grounded, say engineers after cracks found in wings As many as 20 Christians were killed Friday in northeastern Nigeria, in a fresh violence claimed by the Islamtist Boko Haram sect UN High Commissioner for Human Rights No amnesty for gross human rights violations in Yemen  The leader of Nigeria's main umbrella group for Christians says its members will defend themselves as attacks by a radical Muslim sect continue. Hot air balloon crash kills 11 in New Zealand Pervez Musharraf Will Return to Pakistan NZ hot air balloon crash 11 killed Facing Isolation, Ahmadinejad to Visit Latin American Allies BBC News  Argentine President Fernandez 'did not have cancer' Iranians Tell of Six Weeks of Fear With Somali Pirates  NYTimes.com Abortion a bigger problem than joblessness, says Catholic Church. Bishop warns of UNESCO plan to make half the world population homosexual  'Slavelike conditions' on Swedish army base in Afghanistan, kitchen staff at the Swedish military base in Afghanistan have been working under slavelike conditions, being forced to pay for employment. Israel said on Saturday that it will respond to cyberattacks in the same way it responds to violent terrorist acts, by striking back with force against hackers who threaten the Jewish state.
 Iranian government thanks U.S. for rescue of fisherman held captive by Somali pirates. Brazils Insidious New Pregnancy Registration Law Violates the Privacy of Women '...a Ceauesculike law requiring all pregnant women to register their pregnancies with the state.' Tiger Skins & Bones Seized in Thai Customs Swoop  
Officials found 4 boxes of tiger parts worth tens of thousands of dollars in the post, believed to be destined for China.  The way they processed these tigers, I think they were meant for furniture or decoration. In Africa, using ants and termites to increase crop yields Researchers are confirming what African farmers already know Termites and ants can be used to increase soil fertility and crop yields A large Russian naval flotilla led by an aircraft carrier has docked in the Syrian port of Tartus in what Damascus state media hailed as a show of solidarity by close ally Moscow Pirate Bay founder Peter Sunde reveals that the words of an MPAA lawyer several years ago inspired the creation of the the Missionary Church of Kopimism. But a Catholic bishop has labeled it farcical since it has no God Venezuela Will Not Recognize World Bank Ruling in Exxon Case Western Oil Firms Remain as US Exits Iraq The end of the US military occupation does not mean Iraqis have full control of their oil Is China's rise going to lead to conflict with America? Statecontrolled Global Times newspaper China needs to enhance its longdistance military attack ability and develop more ways to threaten US territory in order to gradually push outward the front line of its 'game' with America Israel Charges 5 Settlers in West Bank Base Clash The indictment was the first sign of a crackdown on settlers whose provocative actions have been described by some Israeli officials as homegrown terrorism Karachi boys punch their way out of violence Teenagers living in slums turn to sport in bid to avoid cycle of drugs and violence in Pakistani city  
Stricken New Zealand cargo ship breaks apart Inside Turkmenistan's Surreal Presidential Election Germany once admired British workmanship  but that was a long time ago Over the North Sea lies the richest country in Europe, its success built on the manufacturing industry that Britain has spurned Thousands of email addresses and encrypted passwords, including those of defence, intelligence and police officials as well as politicians and Nato advisers, have been revealed on the internet following a security breach by Anonymous.  Thousands massacred as two tribes go to war in South SudanUN peacekeepers tell residents to flee as raiders approach Haiti 2 Years Later Half A Million Still In Camps Arab League demands Syria to stop violence Syria sniper shot high when officers ordered him to kill   Syrian snipers have killed hundreds of protesters during the tenmonth uprising against President Bashar alAssad. Police find 5 severed heads in northern Mexico Japanese Coastguard Detains three Sea Shepherd Activists Iran welcomes U.S. rescue of Iranian fishermen Over Half of Germany's Renewable Energy Owned by Citizens & Farmers, Not Utility Companies Stephen Hawking, unable to deliver 70th birthday speech. Extremist Jews prevent women from voting in Israel Indigenous Amazonian Child Burned to Death by Loggers  
It was just pure evilness. She is from another tribe, they live in the woods, & have no contact with white people, said one witness. Workers at a Hyundai Motor engine factory have suspended production there after an employee set himself on fire to protest the company's alleged suppression of union activities RIM, Nokia and Apple added backdoors to their mobile software which the Indian Military's intelligence service then used to spy on the USChina Economic and Security Review Commission. The backdoors were added in exchange for Indian market presence Haiti 2 years later Half a million still in camps Iran death sentence for 'CIA spy' Amir Mirzai Hekmati 'OCCUPY NIGERIA' Huge Strike Brewing As President Moves To End Fuel Subsidies The Pirate Bay Shows Futility of Domain and DNS Blocks In Oct 2011, a court in Finland ordered an ISP to block The Pirate Bay to stop copyright infringement among its subscribers. Today, the blockade took effect... China is planning a military base in Pakistan, India Today reported, citing a secret report prepared by the government's joint intelligence committee.
 8 Mighty Rivers Run Dry from Overuse Body of selfimmolated Tibetan monk 'publicly paraded' in China Picasso and Mondrian paintings stolen from the National Gallery in Athens, Greece. Japan embassy firebombed in Seoul Irans President Reaches Venezuela in his Latin American Tour Want another sign of just how bad Greece's economy is?  Its agricultural industry is growing.  Seoul Searching  Germans Give Pep Talks on Korean Unification  Currently, a delegate of veteran German politicians  from the former east and west  are advising the government in Seoul on how the country might reunify if the opportunity arises in the future. Malaysian court finds opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim not guilty of sodomy. Israeli court indicts 5 rightwing extremists  CNN.com Iran sentences American man to death in CIA case  Yahoo! News After the final round in Egypt's elections, the Muslim Brotherhood is set to get 41% of the seats, the Salafis 20%, and the three main liberal parties 20% together.  Former Mubarak loyalists got 4%, and most of the rest goes to independents. Danish warship captures suspected pirate mothership, frees 14 Pakistani and Iranian hostages and arrests 25 pirates. Grim Toll As Cocaine Trade Expands in Honduras  A new UN report shows Honduras to have the highest murder rate in the world. With Mexico's drug cartels looking for new routes to the U.S. market, the grim toll in Honduras is likely to get worse. India on Track to Be Declared PolioFree Next Month Australia Tells Japan Whalers to Stay Out of it Waters   Again Top German cop installed spyware on his daughter's computer to monitor her Internet usage, gets hacked in retaliation McDonald's restaurants are fighting back against thieves by blasting suspected robbers with an invisible DNA spray as they attempt to flee. The spray...remains on the suspect's skin for two weeks and on clothes for up to six months  North Korea announces prisoner amnesty Swiss want six holiday weeks, Swiss voters are likely to give themselves two weeks of extra holidays when they go to the polls for a referendum this March, a new survey shows.


 A group of holy men in India's Karnataka state are seeking to outlaw a centuryold ritual in which lowcaste Hindus roll in the remains of food eaten by members of a higher caste. Mexico's AntiAbortion Backlash  
In just 2 years, half the countrys states have passed extreme fetalrights amendments.  The Catholic Church headed a personhood sweep was so fast & successful that no one had ever seen anything like it.  Women with suspicious miscarriages face prison. Thomas Friedman draws jeers as he talks Islamism, democracy at the American University in Cairo.  Applause for student who said You cant come here with a smile and preach to us on democracy when youve been demeaning Arabs and supporting war crimes in Gaza and Iraq..we dont welcome you here Plant found in Brazil capturing worms underground The Greek parents 'too poor' to care for their children Iran jamming Al Jazeera broadcasts The Greeks Are Confused By A New Law That Would Classify Pedophiles And Pyromaniacs As 'Disabled' India reports completely drugresistant TB strain. Greeks Go Back To The Land  


University graduates become snail farmers. A nuclear physicist trains to become a ship engineer. Not such unusual stories when urban employment is so high. Many are returning to rural areas, others are going to sea More Monks Die by Fire in Protest of Beijing The deaths suggest that selfimmolation is gaining favor as a form of political protest for Tibetan clergy. And they underscore the challenges the Chinese authorities face in controlling more than five million ethnic Tibetans  American has 20 days to appeal Iranian death sentence 29 Chinese Fishermen Suing ConocoPhillips & China National Offshore Oil Corp   for $34 million over economic losses following oil leaks in Bohai Bay Over 40% of Indian children are malnourished, report finds After years of preparation, a project that would reshape the geography of Canadas energy landscape is entering public hearings.  Bulgaria's Organized Crime Unit Raids Large Torrent Sites, Arrests 17YrOld Admin  Bahrain unrest policeman is jailed for having joined protests Fukushima nuclear plant worker in coma after collapsing at site Chinese writers sue Apple for copyright violation Nationwide 'Occupy' strike paralyzes Nigeria  Doomsday Clock Moved 1 Minute Closer to Midnight Due to pressure from ultraOrthodox groups, women will be banned from speaking at an Israeli conference  on gynecology. Iran blames the US and Israel for the assassination of a nuclear scientist.  Gay marriage a threat to humanity's future Pope
 Magnitude 7.3 earthquake reported off the coast of Sumatra. Cut the working week to a maximum of 20 hours, urge top economists Mafia is Italy's biggest business. The mafia is now the country's biggest business enterprise, with an annual turnover of 140bn (116bn),  Telegraph Civic authorities in India's Bihar state have dumped heaps of stinking garbage outside a shopping complex to penalise its owner for evading taxes. Car bomb kills nuke scientist in Iran Finger pointed at Mossad A Catholic Church child safety coordinator who was in charge of investigating sexual abuse allegations was jailed for 12 mnths for internet pedophilia offences...



 Britain's last Guantnamo Bay prisoner held without charge after 10 years Doomsday Clock Moved One Minute Closer to Midnight A university professor and nuclear scientist has been killed after a suspected bomb exploded in a car in northern Tehran, reports say.
  Uzbekistans brutal regime thrives with Western complicity. Deeply indebted and nearly bankrupt, this Mediterranean nation was forced to adopt tough austerity measures...But as Greece's economy slides into free fall, critics are scanning the devastated landscape here and asking a probing question Does austerity really work?  'No Doubt that Bloodshed in SyriaWill Continue'  Syrian President Bashar Assad insisted once again on Tuesday that the uprising in his country is the work of terrorists and foreigners. With the death count continuing to rise, many observers say he has completely lost touch with reality. German prosecutor shot by defendant in Bavarian court Hundreds of Foxconn employees threaten commit mass suicide to protest working conditions
 India's cabinet has agreed to allow singlebrand foreign retailers to open stores in the country, clearing the way for companies such as Starbucks and Ikea.
 Pakistan PM fires top defense official for gross misconduct as tensions with the military exploded following an army warning to the civilian leader Asia skyscraper building boom may be sign of impending economic collapse. Natalee Holloway suspect Joran van der Sloot pleads guilty to killing woman in Peru 
 Pakistan court 'may disqualify president, PM'  Iran's nuclear scientists are mysteriously being killed. Who's behind it?  French Journalist Killed in Syria Magnetic bombs kill university professor working at Iranian nuclear facility Loggers in Brazil captured an eightyearold girl from one of the Amazon's last uncontacted tribes and burned her alive as part of a campaign to force the indigenous population from its land. 300 Chinese Foxconn Workers 'Threaten Mass Suicide' At XBox Plant, Reports Claim Tens of Thousands living in 6x2ft rabbit cages in Hong Kong... Landlords charging $200 a month per cage Mexicos drug war kills more than 47,000 in 5 years Britain to grant Scotland binding independence vote ... Britains government confirmed Tuesday it would happily offer Scotland the powers it needs to sever centuriesold ties to England The mafia is now Italys largest bank' Children 'dumped in streets by Greek parents who can't afford to look after them any more'.   4yearold found clutching note 'I can't afford her'.  Country also running out of medicine.  What is fast becoming the most tragic human consequence of the Euro crisis. Foxconn Claims it's Resolved its Worker Issues After Employees Threaten Suicide  The iPhones & Xboxes maker disputes the number of their employees who apparently hate their lives so much they threatened to kill themselves, saying it was 150  & not 300, as  reported by China North Korea Sending Citizens To Labor Camp For Insufficiently Mourning Kim Jong Il  Dutch ISPs Ordered To Block The Pirate Bay Kim Jong Il's body to go on permanent display in Pyongyang
 he Harper government has served notice that thousands of samesex couples who flocked to Canada from abroad since 2004 to get married are not legally wed. Russian ship stopped carrying arms bound for Syria EMI sues Irish state for not fulfilling its obligations under European law which would otherwise allow for the blocking, diverting or interrupting of internet communications which breach copyright law Heart attack Mexican medics drop heart for transplant in front of press Haiti 2 Years After the Quake [pics] Canadian military containers from Afghanistan arrive missing equipment and full of rocks and sand Brazil says no evidence loggers burned indigenous girl. Afghanistans President Karzai condemns video showing desecration of bodies This act by American soldiers is simply inhuman and condemnable in the strongest possible terms. Iran's currency in freefall  Iran's currency has slid 20 percent against the dollar in the last week despite central bank intervention Iran Says Scientists Murder Reveals Global Terror Campaign UK's Duchess of York charged in Turkey with illegally filming orphans for a 2008 TV documentary Opium price rises by 133% in Afghanistan  Holland bans khat leaves Chewing of khat can make you happy, but it can also lead to psychosis.
 Why Are England and Scotland Splitting?  
To understand the secession, look at the problems in the EU Scotland Yard Report Finds British Citizen Was Tortured in Secret CIA Site A German Catholic priest, 46, admits 280 counts of sexual abuse involving three boys in the past decade, saying he did not think he was doing harm. India marks a year without recorded cases of polio, a milestone for a country with a huge population and widespread poverty. Brazil passes law stating sending emails after work hours is considered overtime.  S.African rangers kill poachers in Kruger park Fears of 'Taliban videoacklash  the 40 second video that appears to show a group of marines urinating on dead Taliban fighters. British engineer faces prison for 'insulting Islam' in the UAE Somali Pirates Attack Spanish Warship and Lose Are the assassinations of Iranian scientists an act of terrorism? Vladimir Putin Too busy for presidential debates, not too busy to shoot a whale with a crossbow. Russia would regard any military intervention linked to Iran's nuclear programme as a threat to its own security, Moscow's departing ambassador to NATO warned ...'Iran is our neighbour,' [said] Dmitry Rogozin...'And if Iran is involved in any military action, it's a direct threat to our security.' Afghan life expectancy has improved by 18 years since 2001 Illegal South African rhino killings hit record high  Final 2011 death toll of 448 represents one rhino lost every 20 hours, a slaughter driven by increased Asian demand for horn
 BBC News  'Piracy' student Richard O'Dwyer condemns treaty Worlds biggest freight shipper (Maersk) finds initial trials of algaeproduced diesel successful! Six months in labor camp for N. Koreans who didn't cry at despot's funeral Pakistans prime minister telephoned the top British diplomat in the country this week expressing fears that the Pakistani army might be about to stage a coup. Kim Jong Il's Eldest Son To Dish the Dirt on the Political Situation in North Korea in His Forthcoming Book. Totally Resistant TB Earliest Cases in Italy Mob burns elderly couple North Korean state media reported that Kim Jongil's body will be preserved to look the same as when he was alive and put on public display. Israeli agents pose as Americans to create terrorist factions in Pakistan and Iran.  Steve Bell cartoon on video of US marines urinating on dead Taliban fighters  Sarah Ferguson, the Duchess of York, faces 22 years in prison for filming Turkish orphanages Iran accepts nuclear talks offer  A British student can be extradited to the United States for running a website linking to sites carrying pirated TV shows and films, a court has ruled. Canadian Government Declares All Same Sex Marriages Legal and Valid Russia fears Israel is pushing U.S. toward Iran war Key reformer quits Egyptian Presidential race My conscience does not permit me to run for the presidency or any other official position unless it is within a democratic framework, China Forces shoot at Tibetans France to lose AAA credit rating Cruise ship runs aground off Italy; deaths reported S&P downgrades nine euro countries  Massive credit drop blamed on countries not having dealt with financial issues in a sufficient size and scope. Mossad 'posed as CIA to recruit fighters'  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Argentina starts 'squid war' against Falkland Islands   Telegraph India's government to prosecute Facebook, Yahoo! and Google, in case over obscene content posted online China's skyscraper craze 'may herald economic crash' Iran Paranoid or under siege? Mounting pressures and attacks ratcheting up pressures motivating tough talk from Tehran. Kosovo police clash with protesters at Serbia border In surprise amnesty, Myanmar releases highprofile  political prisoners  Myanmar freed hundreds of political prisoners Friday in an amnesty that could pressure the West to lift sanctions as one of the world's most reclusive states opens up.
 Unemployment rate 'astronomical', says Spanish PM French, Saudi warplanes collide in Saudi Tesco executive sold shares before profit warning India Threatens to Block Google and Facebook Like China BBC News  Tunisia uprising Country marks year since Ben Ali fled Russia would regard any military intervention linked to Iran's nuclear program as a threat to its own security, Moscow's departing ambassador to NATO warned on Friday. Controversial Chinese Chemical Plant Believed to Have Resumed Production  

Locals report smoke billowing up from the plant's chimney, which was shut down after 10,000 people took to the streets Beijing limits democracy tourists to Taiwan  Cocaine The New Front Lines  
Colombia's success in curbing the drug trade has created more opportunities for other countries. What happens when coca farmers and their allies are in charge? Gen. James Mattis, the Marine Corps head that rules over the US Central Command, won approval late last year from the White House to deploy the massive surge to the tiny West Asian country Kuwait, which is separated from Iran by only a narrow span of the Persian Gulf. Monsanto to face biopiracy charges in India Israeli intelligence officers have been posing as CIA agents to recruit Pakistani terrorists in a covert war with Iran Richard Dawkins celebrates a victory over creationists Israel flunks nuclear safety test  gets low marks on pervasiveness of corruption, legislation and quantities of nuclear material Iran accuses US and Britain of role in killing of nuclear scientist ... sent a diplomatic letter to the US saying that it has evidence and reliable information that the CIA provided guidance, support and planning to assassin Three dead, 40 missing in Italian ship disaster France steps forward with Robin Hood tax, a levy of between 0.01 and 0.1 percent on financial transactions, such as the trading of stocks and bonds  Hong Kong Women Protest Against Mainland Mothers  Pregnant women & mothers pushing strollers took to the streets to oppose the growing number of mainland Chinese giving birth in the city, which has semiautonomous status, entitling a child to rights of abode & education Hungary far right demands exit from EU, burns flag at rally Russian aircraftcarrier arrives in Syria to Russias only military base outside the old Soviet Union bring relief to Syrian regime Do Some Cultures Have Their Own Ways Of Going Mad?  
Arctic hysteria afflicts only Greenland Inuit. Dhat syndrome is peculiar to India. Cape Verdians fear sleeping blood. What about Westerners? Are their mental illnesses also bound to national and local cultures? The leader of Qatar has said that Arab troops should be sent to Syria to stop a deadly crackdown that has claimed the lives of thousands of people over the past 10 months. Couple rescued 24 hours after cruise ship capsizes off Italy Iran vows retaliation against Israel for scientist South Sudan Ethnic Massacres Follow Independence  Warming To Life In The Hot Zone  
Two researchers head to a village in northern Kazakhstan to see what life is like on a former nuclear test site. Their first thought, on arrival? The inhabitants simply must be relocated. Here's why they changed their mind At least nine people are injured as Romanian riot police fire tear gas during clashes with antiausterity demonstrators in the capital, Bucharest. S Korean cargo ship split by blast An unexplained explosion leaves vessel halfsubmerged, with a number of people reported to be dead and injured. Romania antiausterity protest turns violent BBC News  What future for Afghan woman jailed for being raped? El Salvador's bitter civilwar legacy  Streetgang culture responsible for one of Latin America's highest homicide rates, is blamed on conflict of the 1980s 

Hundreds of UK scientists to be relocated as Shell shifts most research & development work to Germany by 2014 Captain Arrested on Suspicion of Manslaughter & Abandoning Ship Amid Growing Anger After Ship Runs Aground  3 are dead & 41 unaccounted for.  We were having supper when the lights went out, we heard a boom & a groaning noise, & all the cutlery fell. They were told it was electrical problems.    India Orders Crack Down in the Andaman Islands After Exposure of 'Human Safaris' Embarrass Officials   Footage has surfaced of a police officer ordering partly naked Jarawa women to dance for tourists in return for food.  It's being called a national disgrace.

 Chinese Premier Wen calls for farmers' land rights to be protected and criticized a widespread landgrab development policy UK Owner of TVShack, a linking only website, is to be extradited to the US and faces up to 10 years in prison for supposed copyright infringement. Israeli 'Rosa Parks' causes storm by refusing to go to the back of the bus Tanya Rosenblit stayed in her seat on a bus when UltraOrthodox Jewish men demanded that she move to the back. Brazil's Falling Birth Rate A 'New Way Of Thinking'  There are a lot of reasons for the drop in [the fertility rate in] Brazil, and most of them have to do with the modernization, this new way of thinking. Women are modern, and they take care of their own lives Iran says it has evidence U.S. behind scientist's killing
 Assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists increases the likelihood that they will develop an atomic bomb Ar a time when the current Conservative Government has cut public spending dramatically, the Education Secretary, who has also cut teachers' numbers, has proposed that the British Taxpayer fund a new yacht for the Queen, at a cost of at least 60m. Give Queen a new 60m royal yacht for diamond jubilee, says UK Education secretary Associated Press opens a full news bureau in North Korea Russia would regard any military intervention linked to Iran's nuclear program as a threat to its own security Imprisoned Tymoshenko fears for her life, says daughter  Ukrainian opposition figure Yulia Tymoshenko, jailed on corruption charges, allegedly fell unconscious after taking medicine from prison doctors. Her daughter told DW the regime is trying to physically break Tymoshenko. The leader of the Pakistani Taliban, the militant movement that poses the gravest security threat to the country, is believed to have been killed by a U.S. drone strike Cruise ship captain may have made 'significant' error, company says Pakistani dad kills daughter in brutal axe murder for dating a Christian Heads of elite universities' earnings exceed 333,000 on average, despite squeeze on institutions' overall budgets, and an increase in university fees at the students' expense. Africa losing billions in tax evasion from multinational corporations through payment transfers Canadian Naval officer charged with leaking secrets to foreign interests Israel's law keeping Arab families apart Romanian protesters clash with riot police  Romanian riot police used tear gas against protesters who threw rocks and set fire to newspaper stands and rubbish bins in central Bucharest in a fourth day of street demonstrations against government austerity measures Sunday. EU rules have forced Goldman Sachs, which publishes fullyear results on Wednesday, to disclose it pays its top UK staff an average of 4m. Baghdad Detains U.S. Contractors Prosecutors say captain of wrecked Italian luxury liner purposely sailed close to shore to greet a friend with a blast of the ships horn  When it started sinking, he beat many passengers off the ship Cruise disaster Captain 'neared Italian rocks to greet friend on shore An interview with 0xOmar, the Saudi hacker who has been wreaking havoc on Israel Chevron Corp. says an offshore rig being run for its subsidiary near Nigeria's oilrich southern delta has caught fire and officials are still trying to account for all the workers there. Iran makes arrests in killing of nuclear scientist MIT study shows that the increased presence of local female political leaders in India has had a marked impact on adolescents and their families, raising the career aspirations and educational performance of young women. Iran's nuclear scientists are not being assassinated. They are being murdered Liberal party of Canada endorse marijuana legalization The Pirate Bay PIPA/SOPA Wont Stop Us! Captain of sinking cruise ship in Italy abandoned the ship and was ordered to go back. He didn't. Its a girl The three deadliest words in the world Norway authorities take away Indian couple's kids, say feeding with hands wrong London has them. And Amsterdam. And Copenhagen. Now Sweden plans a 4lane superhighway, just for bicycles. Kim Jong Nam In a new book, Kim Jong Il's eldest son says the new North Korean regime is bound for disaster.
 Damning Tape of Cruise Ships Captain  As the captain of the stricken Costa Concordia was appearing in court, & the death toll rose to 11, a recording emerged purporting to show heated radio exchanges between him & the harbour master How Iceland came back from economic meltdown and what it means for U.S. and Europe Human Rights Watch states $32 Billion Missing in Oilrich povertystricken Angola; $7.1 billion transferred into escrow accounts overseas and $24.9 billion that appear as an unexplained discrepancy in government accounts. The worlds top oil exporter, Saudi Arabia, said on Monday it could increase oil production by about 2 million barrels per day (bpd) almost immediately, a day after Iran threatened its Gulf neighbors not to compensate for any shortfall in its oil exports if sanctions bite too harshly. Ethiopia's government has been accused of forcing tens of thousands of people off their land so it can be leased to foreign investors. In India, the Challenge of Building 50,000 Colleges  
To become an economic powerhouse, India needs to educate as many as 100 million young people over the next 10 years  something never done before.  Listen Schettino, there are people trapped aboard, you go with your lifeboat under the prow of the ship on the port side and you go aboard the ship using the rope ladder. You go aboard and you tell me how many people there are. Is it clear? I'm recording this conversation, Commander Schettino Is America Helping Israel Kill Iranian Scientists? The View From Iran Israel's 'national suicide'  China's 'Strong' GDP Report Actually Reveals How Easily The Country Could Go Into A Hard Landing Dutch lab that created deadly bird flu virus attacks America for redacting its research French parliament report accuses Israel of water 'apartheid' in West Bank  Pakistan's government goes on trial The Pakistan government, a key US ally, is on verge of collapse. Why Are Tibetan Monks Setting Themselves on Fire? The rising practice of selfimmolation follows severe government restrictions, an ebbing Tibetan identity, and reports of torture Israel need not choose between a nuclear Iran and war. A third alternative is a nuclearfree zone Ship's captain was 'showboating', admits cruise firm  Wanted to give the head waiter a better view of his home  The Mexican navy says it has seized 195 tonnes of chemicals which can be used to make the drug methamphetamine BBC News  Israel launches air strike on northern Gaza Strip 51 people, mostly women and children, killed in South Sudan Ethiopia Tens of thousands forced off land for foreign investors, HRW says   Under Ethiopia's villagization program, about 70,000 people have been forcibly relocated from agricultural areas slated for development by foreign investors, a Human Rights Watch report says.
 The World Bank says the global economy is on the edge of a new financial crisis, deeper and more damaging than the one that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.

 ShangriLa joins fight against shark fin soup Should captain go down with his ship? | Captain 
Francesco Schettino is under fire for abandoning 
ship while passengers remained aboard Chevrons burning rig begins to collapse (Nigeria) EU launches legal action against Hungarian reforms  The European Union has launched legal proceedings against Hungary over controversial reforms to the judiciary, banking sector and data protection authority which it says contravene EU law. Greek rescue blocked by hedge fund greed. Financiers who bought 'distressed' Greek debt insist on making vast profits from the crisis
 German EuroDeputy S&P Downgrade Part Of American 'War Against The Euro' BBC News  Concrete balls to deter Indonesia 'train surfers' Currency crisis in Iran as sanctions start to bite In Haiti, former dictator Baby Doc Duvalier is thriving ... facing charges of crimes against humanity Baby Doc Duvalier is living a nice life here after his sudden return from exile  Ceasefire 'agreed' in Syrian mountain town Opposition says army to withdraw from Zabadani after deal agreed by town leaders and deputy defence minister. Israeli Hackers Kill Saudi and UAE Stock Markets Israeli Hackers Bring Down Saudi Stock Exchange Website Syrian troops fighting rebels in the town of Zabadani near Lebanon agreed on Tuesday to a ceasefire as the U.N. Security Council diplomats held prolonged talks on a proposed Russian resolution on Syria. China says government to be more open, but strict Internet controls to remain ... Officials will expand the use of government spokespeople, boost the overseas reach of state media, and promote the use of microblogs to interact with the public Ethiopian gunmen kill five foreign tourists Pakistan rejects U.S. envoy visit, reviewing cooperation with US/NATO with no firm timeline Activists and Japanese whalers clash at sea  Three activists says they have cuts and bruises after clashing with a Japanese whaling ship in the Southern Ocean. Syria 20 miles from Damascus, an oasis of fragile freedom UK Times (News Ltd) editor opposes any regulation of media as it would chill/hinder free speech. Fails to mention that lack of regulation or oversight led to his appearance at Leveson Enquiry. Slow response to East Africa famine 'cost 'lives' Cruise Captain Says He 'Tripped' Into Lifeboat, Couldn't Get Out Long dismissed as a playboy, Kim Jong Il's eldest son has become an outspoken and dangerous critic of the regime Julian Assange  
Under house arrest in England, the WikiLeaks founder opens up about his battle with the 'Times,' his stint in solitary & the future of journalism Canadian MPs are screwing taxpayers by getting their pension contributions matched 23 TIMES Mali army repels Tuareg rebel attacks  After serving with proGaddafi forces in Libya, tribal fighters engage Malian troops in effort to seize northern towns.  Russia will offer Washington no explanation for arms deliveries to Syria and together with China will prevent the U.N. Security Council from approving any military intervention in the conflict Mexican Murder Training Camps Are Very Real & Very Scary  
They'd give them a machete. If not, they'd give them a sledge hammer & they'd tell them to kill the people they'd tied up, said a Zetas hitman in a Texas court yesterdaya glimpse of how terrifying Mexican drug cartels really are. Russia vows to block Western military intervention in Syria as clashes continue  Britain admits 'fake rock' plot to spy on Russians The 10 FastestGrowing (& Declining) Cities in the World  A new survey from the Brookings Institution ranks the world's 200 largest metropolitan economies  which account for half of global GDP  from 1200 Afghanistan blasts kill 13 in Helmand province Mein Kampf To Be Published in Germany? British publisher insists he wants to demystify Hitlers book, while critics see profit motive. Norway spy chief Kristiansen quits after revealing they have agents in Pakistan Gaza rights groups accuse Hamas of abuses  Al Jazeera English BBC News  Argentina outraged at Cameron's 'colonialism' remarks Iranian actress causes scandal with nude photos   
Parisbased actress Golshifteh Farahani banned from returning to Iran after posing nude for French magazine The Bangladesh army says it has foiled a coup planned against the government Keystone XL pipeline proposal rejected  Prime Minister Harper profoundly disappointed.  TransCanada will apply again, CEO says. France Easily Sells Bonds as Sarkozy Attacks S&P  It was almost like Standard & Poors stripping France of its AAA credit rating never happened.   Paris was able to sell almost 8 billion euros worth & offered a lower rate of interest to investors than before. Egypts military rulers and the Interior Ministry have devised plans to confront protesters during 25 January anniversary celebrations  includes batons, loud speakers, colored chemicals that will stain ones skin (for six months) and live ammunition aimed at feet if necessary. Russia warns against Iran strike Mexican army frees kidnapped children from kidnapping gang China begins to turn against Iran Nuke support in UK hits record high Sorry Day for Murdoch as High Court Hears Hacking Apology  News International hopes to settle claims  but lawyer says more victims emerge every day Thailand recognizes Palestinian state Cruise Captain not the only one to fall into life boat Second and third in command also tripped and fell into same lifeboat Hallelujah! Canadians agree it's time to legalize marijuana Five Muslim men in  UK are guilty of stirring up hatred by handing out leaflet advocating death penalty for gay people Canadian freestyle skier Sarah Burke dead at 29 Undercover police had children with activists they spied on 5 unemployed Moroccan men set themselves on fire after demonstrating against a lack of jobs, especially for university graduates Cruise ship's cook says captain ordered dinner after crash Senior al Qaeda figure killed in drone strike When faced with a non functional printing press, the staff from a Japanese newspaper hand wrote copies to keep reader up to date with vital information during the crisis Iran calls for Israel to be punished Cuban hunger striker Wilmar Villar dies in jail Myanmar president vows no turning back on democratic reforms, calls for lifting sanctions  Foxconn Chief's Unfortunate AnimalWorker Comparison  
Though it's spinning the CEO's comparison of his workforce to zoo creatures as cultural miscommunication, it doesn't change the fact it treats workers like animals. The remark came after the firm was accused of pushing its workers to suicide.  Multiple explosions in Northern Irish city of Derry blamed on dissident republican group  possibly the real IRA Crocodile swallows 10 year old girl whole. BBC News  First video of Fukushima nuclear reactor interior Four French troops shot by Afghan soldier Cuba offers to swap US spy for 5 Cubans imprisoned in the US Moammar Gadhafi had undeclared chemical weapons, monitors say The use of Sharia, or Islamic religious law, is growing in Britain, with thousands of Muslims using it to settle disputes each year. Some women's groups are objecting. Afghanistan France suspends training ops after Afghan soldier shoots dead 4 French troops and maiming 16 others Six Nato soldiers killed in Afghan helicopter crash A series of about 20 explosions has rocked Kano, the main city in the north of Nigeria. Pakistan's Culture of Honorable Corruption  Gulag for Gaijin Do you see this gun? he said... I have the legal authority to use this if you refuse to get on that flight. Now are you going to buy that ticket? Rate of abortion is highest in countries where practice is banned. In Africa and Latin America researchers found that 95 to 97 per cent of abortions were unsafe
 Ivory Coast On the second farm we visited we found trafficked children. Let's call them what they are slaves.  Costa Concordia staff filmed telling passengers to return to their cabins, saying everything is fixed, 40 minutes after impact  Indonesian atheist attacked, arrested for claiming God does not exist on Facebook Appeals court refused again to block indigenous Ecuadoreans from collecting on an $18.2 billion judgment against Chevron for a massive oil contamination in the Amazon Plane nosedives 6,000 feet after pilot presses wrong button  Former BP Boss Gets 12m From Iraqi Oil Venture  

Tony Hayward, who left BP  with a 10m pension pot after the Gulf of Mexico catastrophe,  pockets 1st tranche of payments from Kurdistan oil venture with Genel Energy At least 120 people were killed in Bombings in Northern Nigerian City, by more than 24 explosions Boko Haram, whose name means Western education is sacrilegious claims responsability Canada Plays its China Card  Resourcerich Canada and resourcehungry China seem in some ways like natural partners. After a slow start, they just might be. Pressed by the U.S., Honduras' lawmakers amend constitution to allow extradition treaties (from /r/strictlyworldpolitics) The Secret Document That Transformed China Indonesian police say a civil servant who posted God does not exist on Facebook faces a maximum penalty of five years behind bars for blasphemy. Egyptian Frustration As Tourists Stay Away Tourism sees 32% drop in visitors as ongoing street violence hits vital industry Egypt's Islamists Secure 75 Percent of Parliament Beijing Releases Key Air Pollution Data for 1st  Time   after clamor by citizens on social networking sites tired of breathing in gray & yellow air  An environmental consultant who's studied Beijing's pollution data since 2006, said he's already a bit suspicious of Beijing's PM2.5 data Divers  Find Woman in Stern of the Costa Concordia, Raising Deaths to 12  They're going into every single cabin. It takes 45 minutes. In the submerged part divers are using witness accounts as to which paths people may have  taken. Italy is coordinating the search for bodies & the fuel recovery. 16yearold Dutch girl Laura Dekker becomes youngest to sail around the world solo Syrian army deserters on Saturday seized the town of Douma just northeast of Damascus after fierce fighting, the Britainbased Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said in a statement, as escalated violence throughout the country killed left 94 people dead, including 60 from the town of Idlib alone. Students in Nepal burn tires, block roads to protest fuel price increases U.K. Revokes Iran's Press TV License  WSJ.com His dear leader Meet North Korea's secret weapon  an IT consultant from Spain  Prisoners 'torturedy former Libyan rebel fighters Report Turkey intercepts material for missiles, chemical weapons on Iranian trucks Egypt pardons nearly 2,000 prisoners; Islamists take three quarters of parliament Australia 'Wikileaks cables revealed US Embassy sanctioned a conspiracy by Hollywood studios to target Australian comm company iiNet through the local courtsystem... aiming to establish a commonlaw precedent which would make ISPs responsible for the unauthorised filesharing of their customers.' Anonymous attack polish government sites, Poles getting mad over ACTA passing. The rise of the overclass  Weve all heard of the 'underclass now its mirror image  a superrich elite that is equally cut off from the rest of us  is defining the political debate Islamists Win 70% of Seats in the Egyptian Parliament FOXCONN Yes, Our CEO Called Our Employees Animals, But He Didn't Mean it as an Insult  
A clarification & apology from Apple's iPhonemaker AFP Iraq becoming 'police state', says rights group Costa Concordia 'insulting' cruise offer to survivors  30% off  Telegraph China restores 23,000 hectares of wetlands Could Ecuador be the most radical and exciting place on Earth? A decade ago, Ecuador was a banana republic, an economic basket case. Today, it has much to teach the rest of the world
 Flaminghorned bull fatally gores man in Spain. London's Police Force Spent $54,000 On Calling A Talking Clock In Just Two Years Conservative Wins First Round in Finnish Presidential Vote. Faces Green Candidate in Second Round.  Pakistan arrests man that spent 3 years posing as a army general Afghanistan The Best Way To Peace  


Wideranging reviewessay. In brief Western occupation of Afghanistan has been even more incompetent and selfdestructive than the Soviet one. Falklanders We are the luckiest workingclass people on earth   But oil and David Cameron put its sovereignty back on the agenda.  Egypt pardons jailed blogger as generals brace for anniversary protests Nigeria stunned by Kano attacks that killed more than 150. The carefully orchestrated strikes in the northern Nigeria city of Kano are reminiscent of Al Qaeda attacks, and dwarf previous assaults by the Islamic group Boko Haram, which claimed responsibility. The toll is expected to grow. Boko Haram, a shadowy Islamist sect that started out as a clerical movement opposed to western education but has become the biggest security menace facing Africa's top oil producer Croatia says 'yes' to EU membership. Thousands of Yemenis protest in capital Sanaa over immunity deal for president Canadian resident faces execution in Iran after appeal is rejected Madagascar turns away exiled former president  Coup leader closes main airports forcing commercial flight carrying Marc Ravalomanana to turn back to South Africa
 Syrias Zabadani is liberated, but for how long?  The residents of this pretty mountain resort town still seem dazed with disbelief that they have somehow succeeded in driving out the Syrian army Nigeria stunned by Kano attacks that killed more than 150
 Two die of A(H1N1) swine flu in Mexico Sir Richard Branson  Its time to end the failed war on drugs  While the captain watched from shore, heroes stayed aboard  The purser aided 100s into lifeboats & searched until trapped in a submerged area of the ship for 36 hrs.  A janitor fell overboard while helping & died.  A violinist aided children with lifejackets.  His body was found inside the wreck. Germany has the economic strengths America once boasted  Germany with its manufacturing base and export prowess is the U.S. of yesteryear, an economic power unlike any of its European neighbors. It has thrived on principles America seems to have lost. SOPAlike law to be unveiled in the next 10 days in Ireland U.N. asked to probe U.S. efforts to squelch Spain torture probe  When arguably the leading human rights country in the world is engaged in torture and then gives impunity to those torturers, it sends a pretty bad message, ... Iran vows to close straight after EU bans Iranian oil, If any disruption happens regarding the sale of Iranian oil, the Strait of Hormuz will definitely be closed Toyota finds way to avoid using rare earth metals Britain, US and France send warships through Strait of Hormuz Interpol faces legal threat for helping oppressive regimes hunt dissidents List of top 4,000 tax debtors (owing a combined 14 billion euro) released by Greek govt. A view of the extent of tax evasion. Nigeria's witch children find refuge at center Children branded as witches by church ministers are often abused and abandoned, but a center cares for them.
 21yearold Palestinian daughter locked up in 11/2 meters big bathroom for 10 years only to let her out at 1 AM to clean  EU imposes Iran oil embargo
 Bank Of Canada governor, Canada must look to Asia  US unlikely to fully recover Saudi female driver who defied ban dies in fatal accident  A Saudi woman who defied a driving ban in the kingdom was injured and her companion killed when their car overturned in the northern Hael province, a police spokesman said on Monday. Russia to deliver combat jets to Syria ... in a show of support for President Bashar Assad's regime The road to creating the world's first lowcost machine for making sanitary towels began with a Man in India who wore a sanitary towel himself. Taliban releases horrific video of executions of 15 Pakistani soldiers  | Mail Online Asia Bibi was sentenced to death for blasphemy in November 2010 after drinking water from a well reserved for Muslims and allegedly making derogatory remarks about the Prophet Mohammed  French parliament votes to make it a crime to deny 1915 killings of Armenians was genocide BBC News  EU proposes 'right to be forgotteny internet firms Russian police mistake marathon for gay pride parade

 The welfare reform bill will erode women's financial independence France's Senate to vote on controversial bill  criminalizing denial of the Armenian genocide The Iranian oil embargo does this mean war? Rick Falkvinge Its Time To Go On The Offensive For Freedom Of Speech the copyright industry gets insane amounts of money for doing absolutely nothing, and use that money to buy laws that give them even more money and restrict our freedoms of speech. That is repulsive.'

     More than 50 countries have banned asbestos products but India cannot get enough. It imports the mineral from Canada, risking a future health crisis.
 Julian Assange to host own TV show France Has Angered Turkey By Passing A Bill Recognizing The Armenian Genocide Massive change to UK drug laws.  Courts will be told for the first time to reduce sentences for cannabis possession if it is being used for medicinal purposes SOPA equivalent in Canada Bill C11  George Soros Warns Of Financial Collapse, Class Warfare And The Rise Of Evil The numbers are grim China's property bubble is heading for a spectacular burst, and its effect on the country's economy will be widespread. Human Rights Watch reports 'serious violations' in Israel, Palestinian territories Iceland New law on religion introduced that would make religious and philosophical organisations equal before the law? In China, 78 percent of software is pirated, compared to 20 percent in the US Muammar Gaddafi diehard supporters capture Libya town of Bani Walid local official Polish Town in Shock as Blood Bubbles From Drains  
Residents of a small Polish town called in the police & ambulance service to investigate after blood began streaming out from under manhole covers (With Video) Four NK government officials murdered in what is an unprecedented crime for North Korea  Orange to waive data charges for users in Middle East and Africa to access Wikipedia on mobile devices
 India leases Russian nuclear submarine UK government debt passes 1 trillion mark When Mythology Becomes Fact the 1.2 million people who left Greece in 2010  Did it really even happen? Highprofile Spanish judge has gone on trial accused of violating a 1977 amnesty law by investigating civil war and Francoera crimes Deadly blasts in Baghdad's Sadr City  What It's Like To Be Gay in Tajikistan Egypt to end 30year state of emergency (x/post mideastpeace) Chinese professor calls Hong Kong residents 'dogs of British imperialists' Google to Update Privacy Policy to Cover Wider Data Use. (Worldwide). Forces loyal to Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi have launched a series of attacks across several cities, killing seven fighters who helped topple the former regime, officials and residents say. Europe is considering a sweeping new law that would force Internet companies like Amazon.com and Facebook to obtain explicit consent from consumers about the use of their personal data, delete that data forever at the consumers request and face fines for failing to comply. Forced Sterilization for Transgendered People in Sweden All EU member states to sign ACTA treaty on Thursday Judge says taking similarlooking photos is piracy More than 1,300 Kyrgyz prisoners have sewn their lips together as part of an ongoing protest at poor living conditions Online protests in Poland over antipiracy pact 100 Polish websites shrouded their pages in black to protest against Warsaw's plan to sign a multilateral anti online piracy accord this week Portugals President Complains About His Pension Cut  His remarks spark storm of indignation, prompting protesters to gather outside the presidential palace to sarcastically donate money & food to the head of state  The Freedom to Be Free Battle Lines Drawn in Global Copyright Confrontation  Recent weeks have seen spectacular arrests and mounting tension between those who would like to make it harder to share copyrighted material online and those who champion Internet freedom Group of French artisthackers prowls Paris at night, restoring neglected artifacts  Anonymous brings down several government sites in Ireland Gaddafi's green flag raised in Libyan town after bloody uprising... as civil war fears rise
 The Pirate Bay declares 3D printed physibles as the next frontier of piracy  Danish and American aid worker hostages in Somalia rescued by US Navy SEALs in overnight raid Japan's 1st trade deficit since 1980 calls into question how much longer it can rely on exports to help finance a huge public debt Chevron Says It's Still Trying to Put Out Rig Fire That's Been Burning for 10 Days off Nigerias Coast Mexico drug war boosts security business Amid the violence, Mexico's rich get ID chips, armored cars and gunmen on call Students at a London school were told a mystery speaker was going to come and talk to them. It was Bill Gates.  Bus rampage through crowded Indian streets kills 9
 injuring more than two dozen as he mowed down pedestrians and rammed other vehicles. Mutiny underway in PNG Mexico City Being Buried in Trash  Closure of huge landfill last month has triggered illegal dumping across the metropolis & left officials trying to figure where to take 12,000 tonnes of waste a day An example of International campaign finance. Intelligence reports received by India's Electoral Commission suggested that upwards of $2 billion in socalled black money will be spent to influence the state elections this year. Hong Kong protests Chinese professor sparks outrage over dog comments Proposed EU data protection rules include right to be forgotten, allowing people to have data held about them deleted if there are no legitimate grounds for retaining it There has been a military mutiny in Papua New Guinea, with a group of rebel soldiers taking the commander of the country's defence force captive in Port Moresby. Who Are Boko Haram and Why Are They Terrorizing Nigerian Christians? Fidel Castro lambasted the Republican presidential race as the greatest competition of idiocy and ignorance the world has ever seen How Swedes and Norwegians Broke the Power of the 1 Percent Doctors Without Borders is halting its work in detention centers in the Libyan city of Misrata because detainees are tortured and denied urgent medical care.  SOPA coming to Canada, warns Michael Geist  Europe proposes a right to be forgotten  

The European Commission proposes new set of data protection rules that'd give EU citizens a much greater say over how their personal data is collected & storedincluding the right to have it deleted entirely. The response from businesses has been mixed. Clooney satellite project shows the Sudan army is preparing a major assault
 The 'Human Costs' of an iPad  Oddly, it is Apple's own internal reports that reveal most of these problems to Western observers, but attempts to correct the issues and improve the fortunes of laborers have a tendency to clash with the company's own insistence on low costs and high volume. ACTA The International Treaty You've Never Heard of That Could Affect Internet Freedom 'Strict Muslim' raped four women at knifepoint to 'punish them for being on the streets at night'

 A mentally insane bus driver in India ran over people and vehicles and continued speeding, a college student chased him down with his motorcycle, jumped in the bus, and dragged the bus driver out. The EU signs up to Acta (Wired UK) Chinese forces open fire on Tibetan protesters. Deadly clashes between ethnic Tibetans and Chinese security forces have spread to a second area in southwestern China. 200 Aboriginals storm building, Australian Prime minister rushed out by police and security Chevron to face criminal charges over Brazil spill.
 Iran won't move toward nuclear weapon in 2012  ISIS report The head of the Syrian Arab Red Crescent has been shot dead on the road to Damascus One in three children tested in Fukushima have been found to have lumps in their thyroid. This corresponds to 1,143 children. Schoolchildren at a school in South Africa's northern Limpopo province are boycotting classes over claims that their teachers are pestering female pupils for sex. North Korea threatens to punish mobilephone users as 'war criminals' China says EU ban on Iran oil not constructive  China on Thursday criticized the European Union for banning oil imports from Iran, Beijing's third biggest crude supplier and a major trading partner. The Devastating Costs of the Amazon Gold Rush  
Spurred by rising global demand for the metal, miners are destroying invaluable rainforest in Peru's Amazon basin Ahmadinejad Iran ready for nuclear talks  CBS News Sexy interracial poster sparks furor in South Africa  Revenge for EU Sanctions
Iran Set to Turn Off Oil Supply to Europe Chvez's daughter posts picture of herself posing with dollars Gates donates $750 million to fight AIDS, TB and malaria Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin The U.S. 'wants to control everything' and takes decisions unilaterally on key questions . . . 'Sometimes I get the impression the U.S. doesn't need allies, it needs vassals.' Divers find large, unexplained object at bottom of Baltic Sea. Twitter to begin censoring content in some countries  Aboriginal protesters torch Australian flag outside Parliament North Korean government labels cell phone users as war criminals during the 100day mourning period for late leader Kim Jongil Corruption scandal shakes Vatican as internal letters leaked ... former top official had been transferred against his will after complaining about irregularities in awarding contracts
| Reuters Spanish Unemployment Rises to 22.9% Women, children killed in violencetorn Syria city  Scots Begin Bid for Vote on Independence! Julia Gillard's shoe held to ransom by Aborigine protesters Netherlands joins growing chorus for burqa ban, Dutch to introduce law next week banning face coverings, including burqas or niqabs. The View of Apple from China  If people saw what kind of life workers lived before they found a job at Foxconn, they would come to an opposite conclusion of this story that Apple is such a philanthropist. European Parliament says its website victim of DDOS attack following new signatures to ACTA Russia bars liberal from election EU Report Israel attempting to separate East Jerusalem from the west bank so it can remove Arabs and allow in Jews Bomb attack near funeral in Baghdad kills 28 people Costa Cruises Offers $14,000 to Every Passenger of Doomed Ship  Global  The Atlantic Wire Libya Torture and death widespread in prisons The Drug war in Mexico by the Numbers A guide to the latest drugwar deaths, lords and trafficking routes. Azerbaijan Says it Thwarted an Iranian Plot to Kill an Israeli Ambassador Britain Releases Partial List of Those Declining Knighthood Exruler charged with genocide in Guatemala  He's accused of masterminding an attack that killed almost 1,800 Ixil tribe members, causing 29,000 to flee between 198283. The tribe were said to be helping leftist insurgents. French breast implant company boss 'charged'. Former head of company at the centre of health scare affecting women worldwide charged with 'involuntary injury'. Libyan militias accused of torture  Charities say prisoners face mistreatment amid western concern over Tripoli's failure to tackle security and political issues
 Copyright Industry Calls For Search Engine Censorship At a behindcloseddoors meeting with a UK govt dept, Hollywood and major music labels want Google, Bing and Yahoo to delist popular filesharing sites such as The Pirate Bay, and give higher ranking to authorized sites Ireland's Sopa to pass without parliamentary vote. Anonymous targets Europe's SOPA Critics say ACTA is even worse than SOPA as it allows for closed door negotiations and can't be repealed. The European Parliament is due to vote on it in June Twitter Boycott Planned To Protest Twitter's Censorship Plan The Royal Bank of Scotland has spent more than $4m (2.5m) of British taxpayers' money to influence politicians reforming US financial law since it was bailed out by government Under EU sanctions, 95% of the world's oil tankers will be banned from carrying Iranian oil. UN tells Israel to halt demolition of Palestinian homes 
If required by law, Twitter says now ready to 
censor  Public Eye Awards Brazilian mining giant Vale and UKbased Barclays bank given the dubious honor of being named the world's most destructive international corporations Police arrest four staffers of Murdoch's Sun tabloid and a policeman 3 yrs ago, Icelanders brought down the conservative govt responsible for the collapse of the banking system. A new leftwing govt pledged to look after the welfare of the average Icelander, but opinions differ whether it has managed to do that  Syrian rebels capture seven Iranians, including five members of the Revolutionary Guard Corps, in Homs  where most civilian deaths have occured UK police arrest Murdoch tabloid staff, raid offices  Police arrested four current and former staff of Rupert Murdoch's bestselling Sun tabloid and a policeman on Saturday in a probe into suspected payments by journalists to officers for information Iran is gearing up for elections and it isn't pretty  arrest of at least 10 reporters and new Internet restrictions Arab League suspends Syria mission Senegal Protesters to March on Presidential Palace  They should expect it to be worse than June 23.  From tomorrow onwards, our youth will come out here in the streets. The ruling is unacceptable.  The president has been granted an 'illegal' 3rd term & singer Youssou NDour's candidacy rejected. East Africa Is the New Epicenter of a Shadow War  The rescue of two Americans from Somalia was not simply a daring mission, but part of a new shadow war From S. Korea with love Warm socks sent to North by balloon Fury in Senegal as court approves 85yearold Abdoulaye Wade's bid for a third term, disqualifies opponent UK couple who raised their child as gender neutral for 5 years so the infant's real personality could shine through finally revealed he is a boy Topless Protesters At Davos Forum Three Shirtless Ukrainian Women Detained A cancercausing cadmium discharge from a mining company has polluted a long stretch of two rivers in southern China, and officials warned some 3.7 million people of Liuzhou in the Guangxi region to avoid drinking water from the river, state media reported on Friday. Britain could not reclaim the Falklands if Argentina invades, warns General Sir Michael Jackson Anonymous hacker group threatens Turkey over the denial of the Armenian Genocide Why is Egypt barring 6 Americans from leaving? Egypt clamps down on U.S. groups promoting democratic reforms  potentially endangering the $1.3 billion in U.S. aid the Egyptian army gets each year 

 European Parliament Official In Charge Of ACTA Quits, And Denounces The 'Masquerade' Behind ACTA Doctor accused of working on a virus that only targets black people Central banks are printing money to a degree never seen in human history Doctors Without Borders has suspended its work in prisons in the Libyan city of Misrata because it said torture was so rampant that some detainees were brought for care only to make them fit for further interrogation Thousands protest conservative Islam in Tunisia  Retired teacher says We spent our lives educating people, and now some want us to go back in time 14 centuries  Most EU states sign away internet rights, ratify ACTA treaty. European Parliament observer resigns in protest
   An official Chinese newspaper says Beijing must punish the Philippines economically for proposing closer military ties with Washington. U.N. nuclear team arrives in Iran Thousands of cars flying white ribbons circle central Moscow in antiPutin protest Greece rejects German plan to surrender control over its budget  Greek officials have flatly refused to consider a German plan that would see it relinquish control over its budget. Greece's leaders meanwhile have edged closer to a deal with private investors in ongoing debt talks. The SuperResistant Bacteria That Has India Hell Scared Dangerous chemical pollutes drinking water in China  Emergency workers in southern China are pouring sacks of neutralising powder into drains leading to the Liujiang River as they try to tackle a chemical spill France announces 0.1 percent transaction tax from August Anger at further Royal Bank of Scotland bonus payouts David Cameron faces calls to rein in pay at bailedout bank after revelations more staff could receive large bonuses One mans idea on creating housing in Haiti starts to take shape. check out Rosen's Little Haiti Houses. Thwarted on US oil pipeline, Canada looks to China Swiss Government study reveals that pirating INCREASES sales! Canadian PM DeclaresI think what's happened around the Keystone is a wakeup call, the degree to which we are dependent or possibly held hostage to decisions in the United States, and especially decisions that may be made for very bad political reasons,  Exotic animal trade grows in Asia Rare animals have become status symbols. They are trophies for people to demonstrate their wealth and the collateral damage of Asia's economic rise, says director of a wildlife conservation group Is Sweden ditching Social Democracy?  The party that built modern Sweden faces lowest poll results in a century.
 Hugo Chavez warns he could nationalize some banks

 Fake drugs given to NHS patients still untraced  Only 8 people out of several thousand who received counterfeit drugs from the NHS in an incident in 2007 have been identified. The Working Class Rises Up Across Latin America  

Maids, parking valets, & other domestic workers push back against ill treatment in the world's most unequal region. A Canadian jury on Sunday found an Afghan father, his wife and their son guilty of killing three teenage sisters and a cowife in what the judge described as coldblooded, shameful murders resulting from a twisted concept of honor. Syria army moves to wrest Damascus suburbs from rebels Carlos Fuentes legalise drugs to save Mexico  Telegraph India, which imports 12 per cent of its oil from Iran, will not scale down its petroleum imports from Tehran despite US and European sanctions Drug companies join forces to combat deadliest tropical diseases Bill Gates gets pharmaceutical giants to promise drug giveaways and unprecedented pledge to share research on new antidotes Afghan woman slain for giving birth to daughter Three AfghanCanadians convicted on all charges of murdering four relatives in socalled honor killing Shafia family found guilty of first degree murder in Canadian honour killing CNN crew detained amid Chinese Tibet crackdown Sarkozy announces French financial transaction tax Iraq Is Angered by U.S. Drones Patrolling Its Skies  Greece edges closer to bankruptcy Women Expose Secret Genital Cutting Rite It was a dark and dingy room, where an elderly woman asked me to take off my panties, made me sit on a low wooden stool with my legs parted and then did somethingI screamed out in pain, recalls Mustansir, of her childhood experience
 Mysteries of Data Pool 3 give Rupert Murdoch a whole new headache Afghan woman is killed 'for giving birth to a girl' Norway Court Convicts Two in Bomb Plot  A Norwegian of Chinese Muslim origin with alleged links to al Qaeda was convicted Monday of plotting to blow up a Danish newspaper that had printed cartoons of Islam's Prophet Mohammad, and was sentenced to seven years in prison. UN World lacks enough food, fuel as population soars
| Reuters Japan's population faces dramatic decline Venezuela's Hugo Chavez warns banks of nationalisation Thailand backs Twitter Censoship Policy Unions Trying to Reverse Austerity With Strike in Belgium  The 3 groups have come together, organising the largest general strike in almost 20 years Spanair collapses, stranding 20,000 people NZ begins demolishing Christchurch suburbs Strong earthquake hits Peru's central coastline Vladimir Putin labelled a 'tyranty Russian rock band Iran reissues death sentence against webdev who had been accused of running a pornsite! A 6.3 magnitude earthquake has struck on the coast of central Peru Sarkozy Confirms 'Robin Hood' Tax For France. 0,1% tax on financial transactions Nearly $1 trillion in illicit capital left Mexico from 19702010, averaging about $50 billion a year this past decade, and most of it going to the U.S. Chinese dissident on trial after using Skype to send poem Doctors Without Borders suspended its work in the Libyan city of Misrata last week because prison officials repeatedly brought torture victims in for treatment  only to return them to interrogation after they received medical care.  Rebel hero who has etrayed' the last of Aceh's orangutans  Governor has dismayed supporters by allowing the destruction of a Sumatran forest where the apes live Lost In Translation Because Of Twitter Joke, Brits Denied Entry To U.S. Last shipment of gold bars arrives at Caracas airport, 160 tons repatriated from European and American banks to Venezuela's central bank India said...it may use its own currency...to pay for oil imports from Iran in the face of a USled sanctions campaign aimed at forcing Tehran to abandon its nuclear programme. India has said it will continue to import oil from Iran, joining China in refusing to bow to intensifying US pressure Mexican official stopped with $1.9 million in luggage  Julian Assange's extradition battle enters final round China Rushes to Clean Up Cadmium Spill Ukraine's  top file sharing website shut down by authorities. BBC News  Pakistan is helping Afghan Taliban, says Nato report Mexico envoy in Venezuela kidnapped  Crime on the rise in Venezuela.  Gulf Arabs have plans against Hormuz closure official  Reuters Japan's Yazaki Corporation and Denso Corporation,  auto parts manufacturers, have admitted guilt and will pay the US $548M in fines for pricefixing violations At least 60 people have died as a result of a cold snap in Eastern Europe. Thousands of cars circle central Moscow in antiPutin protest Eurozone unemployment hits new record, 10.4% Occupy Mexico? How about 'End the Drug War'? Most Mexicans would rather stop the bloodshed than occupy the country. U.N. Says exHaiti dictator must be tried for Human Rights abuses.  Seven chemical company officials are detained over industrial waste that polluted a river in China's southern Guangxi region, state media reports. Unemployment at record high across the eurozone French Rafale jet beats Eurofighter in $10bn India deal Destroyer ship HMS Dauntless set for Falklands Acta goes too far, says MEPKader Arif, the lead Acta negotiator in the European Parliament, says Acta potentially cuts access to lifesaving generic drugs and restricts online freedom Disgraced British banker loses his knighthood Poland 'may not ratify ACTA' (xpost R/evolutionReddit) The Nobel Peace Prize committee under investigation for not following Nobels original intentions contained in his will. As tensions rise, Iranians fear that they're on the road to war with U.S. Saudi Oil Minister Calls Global Warming Humanitys Most Pressing Concern A review has exonerated the actions of officers who twice stripsearched a 12yearold girl during a drug raid. Western media show bias labeling Nanjing massacre film The Flowers of War' as antiJapanese nationalistic propaganda while lauding Holocaust films The U.S. military said in a secret report that the Taliban, backed by Pakistan, are set to retake control of Afghanistan after NATOled forces withdraw, raising the prospect of a major failure of Western policy after a costly war. Leave isolated Amazon natives alone, Peru says, after pictures of uncontacted tribe members published  In Israel, A Nonstop Debate On Possible Iran Strike Soon Angry Birds CEO embraces piracy, calls music industry attempts futile Europe's space industry, cashstrapped as a result of the debt crisis, wants to step up cooperation with China, which has an ambitious program and is building a moonlanding vehicle and capsules for manned missions. Such an alliance would likely cause tensions with the US. Four Radical Islamists Admit Plot To Blow Up London Stock Exchange 1 million packs of birth control pills recalled for inadequate dose Polish President wants ACTA civil rights clarification (xpost R/evolutionReddit) Oil now leaking from stricken Carnival cruise ship At least 73 killed, 200 injured at soccer riot in Port Said Egypt today India is the most dangerous place in the world to be born a girl, with females almost twice as likely to die before reaching the age of five, according to new UN figures. Aussie bus boss wows staff with $16M in bonuses  The Norway town that forgave and forgot its child 
killers Entire Village of Sodeto Wins Lottery  Except for one guy Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot ...  pleaded guilty to engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism Drones for Human Rights  DRONES are not just for firing missiles in Pakistan. In Iraq, the State Department is using them to watch for threats to Americans. Its time we used the revolution in military affairs to serve human rights advocacy. Osama Bin Laden Death Photos May Be Released  Bulgarian ISPs Rise against ACTA (xpost r/evolutionreddit) Spain orders $500M in gold found under the Atlantic by US treasure hunters back home.  US courts agree.  Kim Jong Un Looking at Things [pics] At least 40 dead in Egypt Football violence Famous Egyptian actor sentenced to three months in jail for defaming Islam Why Britain and Argentina are tussling, again, over the Falklands  Seized cash triggers political furor in Mexico  The discovery in Mexico of almost $2 million cash in the luggage of a state government official has triggered a round of mudslinging in the runup to the presidential election in July. Paulo Coelho calls on readers to pirate books the power of reddit makes the news!! Barak If sanctions fail, Iran must face military strike Major new leak at Japan's nuclear plant  Kyodo South Korean indicted for retweeting messages from North Korean government.  Lampooning charged as violating a law that makes it a crime to praise, sympathize or cooperate with North Korea. Hacked neoNazi websites reveal Canadian connections Gaza protesters throw shoes, stones at convoy of UN chief Ban Kimoon
 Times newspaper investigated for email hacking Ecuador Creating Alternative to NeoLiberal Model  Ecuador raising taxes on wealthy, higher royalties on oil companies and making large social investments  In the chaotic evacuation of the Costa Concordia, passengers and crew abandoned almost everything on board the cruise ship jewels, cash, champagne, antiques, 19thcentury Bohemian crystal glassware and thousands of art objects...Now, a veritable treasure lies beneath the pristine Italian waters Afghanistan Leon Panetta signals end to US combat role Hundreds of Egyptians take to streets of Cairo, saying the army council was behind the soccer riots that killed 74 EU antitrust authorities rejected plans of a tieup between Deutsche Brse and NYSE Euronext to become the world's largest stock market operator. The entity's nearmonopoly in derivatives trading was found unacceptable. Egyptian parties refuse to commit to womens rights Macedonia Muslims Riot, Burn Historic Church After Christians At Carnival Mock Koran The revelation that lawmakers for the Left Party are under observation by the German intelligence service has triggered a debate about the agency's powers. At what point should spies be allowed snoop on elected representatives? Europe freeze More deaths in Ukraine and Poland  British MP calls for pardon for 'hero' Turing