 Family gives up fight against pedophile cop after fighting for 20 years. Malawi's new president sells off presidential jet and 60 Mercedes  Joyce Banda, Malawi's new president, has announced the presidential jet and fleet of 60 Mercedes limousines would be sold in a move applauded by a British cabinet minister as an example to other African leaders.  Western banks 'reaping billions from Colombian cocaine trade' A passenger plane with at least 150 on board has crashed into a twostory building in the Nigerian city of Lagos Violent clashes have broken out in Germany between the supporters and opponents of the neoNazi movement. Hamburg police have detained over 700 people after the demonstrators started throwing projectiles, injuring several officers. Swarms of Spiders Invade Town, Kill 2  '...spiders suddenly descended from nowhere & started biting the people.'  Some victims say the spiders latched onto them after biting. It's similar to the tarantula, but it could be a whole new species. Shooting at Toronto's Downtown Eaton Centre Pope Benedict got no rest on Sunday [3 June 2012] from a leaks scandal when an Italian newspaper published documents showing that his butler was not the only person in possession of confidential correspondence indicating a Vatican in disarray. Hundreds Protest Plan to Curb Abortion in Turkey  
Prime ministers plan to ban abortion after 4 weeks from conception.  Women carrying banners reading my body, my choice & shouting antigovernment slogans march in Istanbul
 Israel Deploys Nuclear Weapons on German Submarines  SPIEGEL ONLINE George Soros, the billionaire investor, has warned Germany it has three months to save the eurozone or risk the destruction of the European Union and a lost decade.  Saudi princess tried to leave luxury hotel without paying Cubatrained doctors making difference around the world Vatican leaks Why is the Pope's butler in a cell beneath the fortress? SAS frees all four hostages in daring Afghanistan raid 'The Vatican is in a sense almost perpetually enmeshed in scandals, because it continues to act like a kingdom,' says John Stackhouse . . . 'It might have made sense at one point in history for the pope to also be a prince, but whenever you're involved in politics or business, things get messy.' Man charged with hiding dirty needles in store clothing. Germany gets first ever black mayor; His father 
was AfricanAmerican soldier  Iran building new space center for launching satellites into orbit, says defense minister Hosni Mubarak's sentence  initial euphoria at the historic verdict  the first time an Arab leader has ever been deposed, tried and convicted by his own people  quickly gave way to confusion and then fury on the streets as full details of the court judgement emerged. 30bn bill to purify UK water system after toxic impact of contraceptive pill. Drug firms oppose an EU call for controls on potent chemicals that have been blamed for the gender mutation of freshwater fish
 1 dead, 7 hurt in shooting at downtown Toronto mall Syria's Assad says he's like a surgeon saving patient. BBC News  Protests erupt in Egypt over Hosni Mubarak verdicts Tibetan selfimmolations are a brutal protest to Chinese rule Eduard Khil ('Trololo Guy') dies in St. Petersburg, aged 77 Copyright Board of Canada recently approved new fees to play recorded music at large gatherings, including weddings  fewer than one hundred people, the fees start at $9.25 per day  400 guests will cost them $27.76. If dancing is involved, that fee doubles to $55.52


 Brazilian farmers sue Monsanto Five million farmers are locked in a lawsuit with USbased biotech giant, suing for as much as 6.2 billion euros Luka Magnotta arrested in Berlin German Police Quebec bangs pots and pans in growing protests  What started as a march against university tuition hikes has grown beyond students as the government moves to muzzle protest. Now even saucepanwielding grannies are up in arms.
 China arrests activists to prevent commemoration of 
the Tiananmen Square anniversary. Chevron still refusing to pay for Ecuador spill 'The company's Ecuadorean opponents has moved the case to Canada, a country whose court system enjoys a rocksolid reputation.' US drone strike 'kills 15' in Pakistan Breivik judge caught playing cards during trial Luka Magnotta, the Canadian bodyparts suspect, has been arrested in Berlin. Vatican criticizes American nun's book on sexuality, says she has defective understanding. North Korea's 'open ultimatum' to blow up Seoul |
			News.com Kuwaiti gets 10 years in prison for insulting the Prophet Mohammad and the Sunni Muslim rulers of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain on Twitter ACTA lives or dies with the vote in the European Parliament After rejections by the three first committees in the European Parliament, things are looking hopeful to prevent this middlemenregime treaty from ever becoming reality. But were not there yet Bomb hits Shi'ite site in Baghdad, 23 killed Tokyo gas attack suspect arrested after 17 years on run Jerusalem apartment housing migrants firebombed amid rising Israeli sentiment against 'illegal infiltrators' Thousands flee Mexico's epicenter of marijuana and poppy production  No debt repayments, higher salaries and freedom from EUIMF tutelage Greece under the radical leftists, who are poised to win a June 17 [2012] election, seems a world removed from its current recession nightmare. 8 killed in attack at Mexico rehab center 23 years ago today, the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) violently cleared Beijing's Tiananmen Square of protesters. Here are 50 pictures from The Atlantic's In Focus photojournalism site documenting it. Solarpowered plane attempts first intercontinental flight  Many have wondered for years about the exact capabilities of the submarines Germany exports to Israel. Now, experts in Germany and Israel have confirmed that nucleartipped missiles have been deployed on the vessels. And the German government has long known about it. As United States and Western nations pull out, China seeks role in Afghanistan Thousands Continue Protest in Montreal after Government, Student Talks Fail Norway goes secular, removes Lutheran Church as state religion Busloads of unemployed UK residents brought in to work as unpaid stewards during the diamond jubilee celebrations and then told to sleep under London Bridge South Korea surrenders to creationist demands Publishers set to remove examples of evolution from highschool textbooks A giant squid, one of the most mysterious and least understood of marine creatures, has been found floating off the New South Wales [Australia] south coast. Moscow  18 year old female protestor , arrested during mass protest potentially faces 8 years in prison. China tells US to stop reporting Beijing's bad air Germany has indicated that it is prepared to accept a grand bargain that would provide greater support for its most indebted euro zone partners in exchange for more centralized control over government spending in Europe. Nearly half of Germans want Greece to leave euro
 When Sandra Tamari arrived at Israel's international airport, she received an unusual request A security agent pushed a computer screen in front of her, connected to Gmail and told her to log in. Egyptian women were doing better under Mubarak. Syria declares Western ambassadors unwelcome Iraqi architects and historians have decried official neglect of historical buildings nationwide, many of which have fallen into disrepair and disuse, and called for greater attention to be paid to them. 'Vampire' skeletons found in Bulgaria near Black Sea Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes. Pakistan on Monday strongly condemned a jump in U.S. drone strikes on its territory, using language that could increase tension between strategic allies already in dispute over military supply routes for NATO that Pakistan has closed. Syria bans US and European diplomats Azerbaijan accuses Armenia of killing five soldiers Top alQaeda strategist may have been killed in a drone strike in Pakistan  Breivik Judge Caught Playing Solitaire In Court. Vatican secretary of state says Pope Benedict XVI victim of 'ferocious' attacks  New photos emerge of Tiananmen Square just after 1989 massacre
 Four African migrants have been hurt in a suspected arson attack in Jerusalem Spain says markets shutting it out, seeks EU help for banks
| Reuters Satellite images indicate buildings are being demolished and soil removed at Parchin, an Iranian military site the U.N. nuclear watchdog wants to visit, its chief said on Monday. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has promised to step up efforts to deter, detain and deport illegal migrants to Israel, as tensions mounted over an influx of asylum seekers from Africa. China tells US to stop tweets on Beijing's bad air Ray Bradbury Passes Away at 91. Russia Adopts Controversial Protest Bill  It hikes the penalty for organisers of illegal protests to 1,000,000 rubles ($32,100), while participants can be fined up to 300,000 rubles ($9,000).  'Human Rights Watch' criticized the bill, saying it severely undercut the right to peaceful assembly. Teacher who gave students zero marks becomes a folk hero  The Globe and Mail Bath Salts drug ingredient to be made illegal in Canada UN IAEA inspectors have verified that Iran converted 33% of its 20% enriched uranium stockpile into metal plates. Converting the 20 percent uranium into fuel makes it more difficult to use the material for weapons. Blind, Paralysis Tiananmen activist found hanged in Chinese hospital room, Chinese cop said this is sucide. The Vatican said it was being blackmailed by the leaking of confidential documents taken from the Pope's private apartment as an anonymous mole threatened to release more embarrassing material unless two senior officials were sacked. Dozens arrested after riot at Foxconn plant. Belgian rightwingers have offered to pay a $310 bounty to anyone who reports a veiled woman to police Starbucks Ireland alienates it's entire customer base with one bad tweet. Germany was quick to approve a phaseout of nuclear power in the country after the Fukushima nuclear disaster. Now the costs of moving toward renewable energy are just being realized, and lowincome consumers are paying the price. Groundbreaking Photography Exhibit on Imperial Japanese Sex Slave Labor Canceled in Tokyo Joseph Stalin's Deadly Railway to Nowhere  In the Russian Arctic lies buried an unfinished railway built by prisoners of Stalin's gulags. For decades noone talked about it. But 1 woman is now telling the story   & there's talk of bringing back to life the abandoned railway itself. Drugresistant gonorrhoea has spread across the world, say health officials Suspicious packages believed to contain human remains sent to two Vancouver schools Greece Warns of Going Broke as Taxes Dry Up A leading Chinese dissident, Li Wangyang, imprisoned after the 1989 Tiananmen prodemocracy protests has been found dead under strange circumstances, his relatives and rights groups said. US Drone Kills AlQaeda No. 2 Officer Large Tahrir Square protests break out over Mubarak sentence and lack of real change Why China is likely to get more involved in Afghanistan  For the past decade, China has not played a significant role in Afghanistan. But with NATO starting to pull out, Afghanistan's security will affect neighboring China. In Turkey, Abortion Law Sparks New Battle Over Mosque Versus State  
In the latest clash over the role of religion in Turkish society, thousands in Istanbul have rallied against a proposed new law that would restrict abortion rights Spain said it is losing access to credit markets and appealed to its European partners to help revive its banks, a distress signal sure to intensify global pressure on Europe to move faster to the aid of its fourthlargest economy. Yes, they use the euro. And the economy is booming. Israel's attorney general approves Netanyahu's plan to relocate 5 homes on Palestinian land to former military base in West Bank where 300 unites will be built. Netanayahu also to head settlement approval committee and establishes Palestinian court grievance  process China says Great Wall is 21,000 km long In a matter of days, the number of expected foreign visitors to Tibet has gone from millions to zero, as China Forbids International Tourism to Tibet Indefinitely. Farright Greek politician punches female rival on TV. Toronto to ban plastic bags by 2013 Gay marriage in the church just passed in Danish parliament  Denmark approves gay weddings in church Four women killed for dancing at Pakistani wedding  
World News  India Today Hollande lowers French retirement age back to 60 Dead obese woman's fat sets crematorium building on fire Amid Economic Crisis, Spain Ponders Taxing Catholic Church Property  Yahoo! News Manhunt for Greek lawmaker who hit female rival on live television  World News Golden Dawn spokesman attacks leftwing politicians on live TV Deadoy wakes up and asks for water at funeral in Brazil
 Syrian army stops UN from reaching 'massacre'  Massive Fish Kill Outside Tokyo  Looks like a carpet of sardines.  There are tons & tons of dead sardines washing up on shore.  Not only is the sight disturbing, but the huge amount of dead fish is literally smelling up the entire surrounding area. Huge Peru Tomb Found80 Bodies Greek farright Golden Dawn MP wanted for assault UN report warns global environment is near tipping point, calls for urgent action U.N. monitors shot at on way to Syria massacre site JPost journalist attacked by mob in Greece. The incident began around 8 p.m. when a group of about 20 masked men wielding batons started beating refugees, migrants and homeless people in the middle of the street. State media reported that staff at a religious school in heavily Muslim far western China set off explosives to fend off a police raid and that 12 children were burned. An overseas rights group, however, blamed tear gas used by paramilitary forces for the injuries. After 33 years, I can no longer ignore the evidence on drugs Asian Origin for Human Ancestors? Discovery of a new primate that lived about 37 million years ago in the ancient swamplands of Myanmar bolsters the idea that the deep primate family tree that gave rise to humans is rooted in Asia Freak European monsoon brings 70mph winds, torrential rain and 40ft waves to the UK 'I want my son executed'  Parents of man who secretly buried his 8yearold child after allegedly torturing her to death seek capital punishment German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the EU needs a political union even if it means some countries integrating faster than others Parents who force their children to marry will face jail under new UK laws to be introduced Moscow bans gay pride for century ahead City court ruled lawful to ban public events that can be qualified as gay parades from March 2012 till May 2112 Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper silences Canadian scientists An 11yearold boy will appear in court in Bahrain on Monday to face charges of illegally protesting. Greece is not in a recession. It is in a Depression. Former Pentagon Analyst China can shut down all the telecom gear it sold to US Japan PM says two reactors must restart for survival of society
| Reuters The US Will ReOpen Massive Philippine Bases Not Occupied Since The Cold War Robert Mugabe's motorcade runs over homeless man North Korea faces worst drought in 50 years; South says aid unlikely UFO Sightings Across Middle East Were Probably A Missile  Argentina is trying to impose an economic blockade on the Falkland Islands Putin signs new antirally bill An eightton gilded bronze door so splendid Michelangelo dubbed it the `'Door of Paradise will be unveiled to the public again after 27 years of restoration work. New immigration law would force UK citizens with nonEU partners to choose between exile or breakup. A British journalist claims Syrian rebels set him up to die in no man's land near the Lebanese border, saying Friday he believes they wanted to use his death at the hands of government forces to score propaganda points. Euro 2012 Holland players subjected to racist abuse at training session Tobacco giant Philip Morris infiltrated Swiss university Israel to build housing in West Bank Big Content wants to bring SOPAstyle policies to Canada 14 Dismembered Bodies Found in Lorry Parked in Front of Mayor's Office in Mexico  Gangrelated messages were found on the blankets covering 11 men & 3 women
 At least 18 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a bus carrying government employees in north west Pakistan. Blood, Flesh, Gore at Site of Suspected Massacre in Syria Bloodied heads of young seals found nailed to entrance of sanctuary Ukraine ambassador accuses BBC of bias over Euro 2012 racism claims Canada's warrantless surveillance bill is back, and bigger than ever, with surveillance powers for US gov't, too(xpost from r/canada) A mob of hundreds of men assaulted women who were taking part in a march in Cairo's Tahrir Square to end sexual harassment in Egypt. North Korea ships malwareinfected games to South Korean users, uses them to launch DDoS attacks Tens of thousands of gallons of oil spilled from pipeline into Red Deer River in Alberta. Students cant win in Canadas gerontocracy Apple to pay $2 million for misleading Aussies over 4G iPad Greek extremist mob rampages through streets of Athens in broad daylight, attacking refugees, migrants, homeless, and a foreign journalist. Unclear whether the mob was of the far right or far left. Syrian rebels tried to get me killed, says Channel 4 correspondent. Alex Thomson says crew was led to 'freefire zone' as deaths would discredit Bashar alAssad's regime
 News from Antarctica 'Sexual depravity' of penguins that scientist dared not reveal Man told to ditch his 'offensive' 666 number plate. Quebec sues tobacco giants for $60bn; Lawsuit seeks to recover health care costs associated with smoking Spanish bank bailout could reach 100 billion euros Mexican network alleged to have sold favourable election coverage to top politicians  French troop pullout from Afghanistan to start in July 
Irelands brain drain uses up their quota of US, 
Canadian and Australian visas  More young people going bankrupt Spanish Banks Need $46 Billion, I.M.F. Says. 51 Colleges in Brazil are closed since the last month because of the small wages of their professors  Canadian Government Repeals Hate Speech Clause Mexicans Want New Approach To Bloody Drug War Golden Dawn spokesman claims he was provoked before live TV assault, says he will sue Iran's nuclear program 4 things you probably didn't know Mob attacks march against sexual harassment in Egypt; attackers grope women Syrian rebels tried to get me killed, says British Journalist crew was led to 'freefire zone' as deaths would discredit Bashar alAssad's regime Bhagavad Gita banyan tree dying slow death  The Times of India F1 tourists get caught up in protest chaos on Montreal streets I saw a girl in high heels just get clobbered by police. I mean youre not gonna tell me she was protesting in high heels. Israel to put thousands of Africans in detention camp Somali Islamists offer 10 camels as bounty for Obama China plans manned space launch this month They will launch three astronauts this month to dock with an orbiting experimental module, and the crew might include its first female space traveler Egypt's onair warning Don't talk to foreigners  they're all spies State of Emergency Declared in Burma  A spate of violence involving Buddhists & Muslims has left 17 people dead & hundreds of properties damaged.  Trouble flared after the murder of a Buddhist woman, followed by an attack on a bus carrying Muslims. After Gaddafi, Libya splits into disparate militia zones UFO Seen Over the Middle East Confirmed to be Russian Ballistic Missile  In several videos from Israel, Syria, Iran & other Middle East, the object started out looking somewhat like a comet then started spiraling. (With Videos)



 EJP News | Leader of Islamist group in Belgium 
arrested after calling to attack nonMuslims Iran bans women from Euro 2012 screenings British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Sunday that he couldn't rule out a military intervention in Syria, saying the situation there was beginning to resemble the violence that gripped Bosnia in the 1990s. Chinese police detain Tiananmen Square veteran's relatives  Family members questioned circumstances of Li Wangyang's reported suicide in hospital, reports human rights group French election Socialists & Allies Set for Win  They're on course for a majority following the 1st round of voting in France's legislative elections  Socialists are tied with the rightwing UMP party on about 35% of the vote, but the support of Green allies gives them closer to 40%. Syrian government shelling kills at least 38 over the last 24 hours in attempts to regain control of rebelheld territories Spanish bank rescue viewed as a victory for the Euro The Dragon's Hunger For The Elephant How China Is Driving International Growth In Illegal Ivory Dealing  Russia We won't back a foreign force in Syria Argentina loses a third of its dollar deposits
| Reuters Spanish banks to get rescue funds BBC News  Riothit western Burma province in state of emergency Jailed Palestinians to stage hunger strike  Middle East  Al Jazeera English International Court Team Is Held in Libya French police detain suspect in hammer attack on Jews The International Criminal Court says that four of its staffers have been detained in Libya and is demanding their immediate release. Ahmed Shafiq, prime minister under Mubarak, could be Egypts next president The unexpected appearance of Hosni Mubaraks last prime minister in the runoff of Egypts first postrevolutionary presidential race owes much to support from business tycoons and other backers of the old regime.
 Vatican Banker Running Scared  Ousted head of Vatican bank may have evidence that the organization is involved in money laundering& now he's afraid for his life. One day before a major opposition rally, Russian police raid the homes of prominent protest leaders Hockey Newfoundland and Labrador has slapped a junior hockey coach with a oneyear suspension for allowing his players to study for exams instead of attending the opening ceremony for a recent tournament. China topped USA in renewable energy investment in 2011 Saudi 'Got Talent,' But No Women or Music  City creates its own version of 'Arabs Got Talent', but with no music & women have been banned from taking part. Instead, competitors will be permitted to perform religious chants, recite poems & engage in sports. British PM Daivd Cameron forgets 8year old daughter in country pub Egypt pulls TV ads warning foreigners may be spies after xenophobia fears With recently gained power, German Socialists and Greens have forced Merkel into a Uturn & required a new Financial Transactions Tax into the new EU Treaty. NATURE magazine Earth Facing Imminent Environmental 'Tipping Point' Man defects to North Korea with his family willingly on false prospects of a better life, then only manages to escape alone a year later. Fear mounts among African migrants as Israel begins deportation The South Sudanese are the most concerned of all, after a Jerusalem court last week legitimized their deportation. Mubarak in 'full coma', officials say Shuttlecock MachineGun Russia's New AntiRiot Weapon South Korean Paper Hit by Major Cyber Attack  

A conservative South Korean newspaper is the victim of a major cyber attack, less than a week after North Korea threatened the paper & other Seoul media over their reports Anonymous takes on India internet 'censorship' Business Insider The Chinese kleptocracy is like nothing ever seen in history Spain's banks Just don't call it a bailout  Allies Restrict Airstrikes on Taliban in Civilian Homes in response of a strike that killed 18 Civilians. Strawberry Farms Suck Spain Dry  
Decades of legal & illegal agricultural exploitation have brought western Europe's most important wetland to crisis point.  If  Doana park were a patient, it'd be on the point of entering the intensive care unit.  China to send its first woman into space Report Rebels Responsible for Houla Massacre  By John Rosenthal  The Corner  National Review Online China reveals more than 100 new Terracotta Warriors Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation Germany isn't strong enough to save Europe even if it wanted to Presidential Candidates in Mexico Signal a New Tack in the Drug War Gallup Poll 57% of Chinese believe environmental protection should be their country's top priority $28 cabbage, $65 chicken, $100 case of water and other insane food prices in Northern Canada  Iceland, New Zealand top list of 'most peaceful nations'. Canada 4th, USA 88th Putin opponents march in Moscow Police bar 3 veiled women from entering France  Falkland Islands to hold referendum on sovereignty Syrian rebels seize key military base, reportedly have surfacetoair missiles aimed at Bashar's palace and are threatening to fire | Reuters (video) Tens of thousands of Russians flooded Moscow's treelined boulevards in the first massive protest against Putin's rule since his inauguration Queensland's samesex civil unions laws will be amended so couples can no longer have a ceremony that 'emulates marriage'. Tens of thousands in 'March of millions' Moscow protest (PHOTOS, VIDEO) Police bar 3 veiled women from entering France Greeks Ask EU why does Spain get a better deal? Results confirm, a dingo ate her baby Two 15 year old girls, charged with luring other teenage girls into prostitution. Greek politician who attacked rivals on TV avoids arrest because he was not apprehended by midnight of the next day. After 115 Years Together, Tortoises Go Their Separate Ways China tells US embassies to stop tweeting about air quality, citing that Chinese standards are lower than US ones because China is a developing country Assange asks for extradition case to be reopened  Lawyers for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange have asked the British Supreme Court to reopen the appeal against his extradition to Sweden.  Iran starts exporting electricity to powerstarved Iraq. Iraq continues to suffer massive power shortages due to poor infrastructure, a lack of funds, political disorganization, and the effects of the recent USled war. 'Thousands' protest in Moscow against Putin  Thousands protest Russian president's third term, a day after police raid homes of opposition activists. Pakistan frenzy over 'gold' rupee coins   Telegraph WikiLeaks' Julian Assange has asked Britain's Supreme Court to reopen his appeal against extradition to Sweden Sorry, what's a Jew? Twitter storm after official Sweden curator puts her foot in it.  Spain Is In A 'Vicious Downward Spiral' Right Now Bangladesh has refused 14 boats carrying 550 Rohingya Muslims fleeing sectarian violence in Myanmar Former British PM John Major testifies that Rupert 
Murdoch demanded his government change its 
policy on Europe or his papers would oppose him at 
the 1997 general election. N.Korea's missile launchers came from China Japan reportedly has evidence of possible violation by China of trade restrictions on weapons technology Gay pageant winner beheaded | News24 Norwegian party wants to ban religious male circumcision German police release photo of mystery boy, whose identity has yet to be established, one year after he showed up claiming to have lived in German forests for five years Europe to build world's biggest telescope powerful enough to see mountains on planets beyond our solar system. Zeta cartel leader caught living in America. Millions laundered Russian President Vladimir Putin vowed yesterday never to bow in the face of social upheaval as tens of thousands of determined protesters chanting Russia Will be Free marched against his third term. Colbert asks for @sweden Twitter control. Sweden says e patient'. Berlin should remember how the banking crisis of 1931 contributed to the breakdown of democracy across Europe. Action is urgently needed to stop history from repeating itself. WHO classifies diesel fumes as a carcinogen Greek political party threatens to raid hospitals and kindergartens to remove immigrants and their children  Golden Dawn threatens hospital raids against immigrants in Greece  A New Zealand family who believed their teenage daughter took her own life because of Facebook bullying have learned she posted the bullying comments herself. In the New Libya, Lots of Guns & Calls for Shariah Police fires warning shots when Polish and Russian football supporters clash Photographer Carlo Gianferro photographs interiors of Gypsy mansions  Mogadishu, the Somali capital, is losing 'World's Most Dangerous City' designation after mostly peaceful year Thirty percent of Swedes drop out of high school  Nearly one in three Swedish high school students fail to finish their secondary education programmes on time, new statistics reveal. Former Prime Minister John Major said Tuesday 
Rupert Murdoch used threats to try to influence 
British foreign policy  [Murdoch said] I would like 
you to change your policy and if you don't change 
your policy my organization cannot support you. UN officially declares Syria in Civil War 
Greeks hoard cash ahead of key Sunday vote
 
'Its over the top; we must not panic,' says head of country's retail federation Pope Benedict XVI is on a course correction. Benedict has been trying to restore Catholic traditions he believes were lost 50 years ago in the modernizing reforms of the Second Vatican Council. As he presses for a more conservative Catholicism, the pope has been vigilant about ensuring that Iran draws up designs for nuclear powered submarine Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has presented his country with a plan to deepen his push for socialism and entrench his movement in power as he runs for another sixyear term amid questions of whether he will overcome cancer. Pure ecstacy (MDMA) can be safe for adults; should be regulated and sold in stores B.C. health officer Canadian researchers thwart Ebola virus  The Globe and Mail Germany bans ultraconservative Islamic organization Over 50 Zetas Drug Cartel Members, Including 2 Active Duty Policemen, Women, & children, Arrested in Mexico Italian prosecutors suspect Vatican bank is laundering Sicilian mafia $$$ Child shelter home scandal rocks India '5yrolds made to perform oral sex, naked yoga' Cleric declares jihad against polio campaign in Pakistan Gaza water too contaminated to drink Japan moves closer to restarting nuclear reactors The rise of Greece's farRight Golden Dawn party has led to a spate of vicious attacks against immigrants that it is feared will only increase after a new election is held on Sunday.  500 meter asteroid passes close to Earth today.  
2012 LZ1 was only discovered last week. Indonesia 'internet atheist' given jail term  2 and a half years Egypt is currently under martial law until a new parliament can be put in place Egypt's highest court declares parliament invalid. Jordan promises to stop revoking citizenship from Palestinians Amnesty Syrian government forces are killing civilians in organized attacks on towns and villages that amount to crimes against humanity Pickup truck in China tips over, 16 bodies fall out Tony Blair avoids attempted citizen's arrest in Hong Kong Germany Major crackdown on Salafist Muslims Montreal Teacher Shows Class Jun Lin 'Murder Video'  The online video shows the stabbing & dismembering of the Chinese man by suspect Luka Magnotta.  School officials condemned the teacher's actions & are treating the incident very seriously. Top health official in the Canadian province of British Columbia expresses support for legalization of MDMA/Ecstasy, says it's safe for adults to use and should be regulated like alcohol. Egypts high court nullifies parliamentary elections; military may take over lawmaking
 Guess the World's Most Expensive Places to Live in  2012 [especially 2nd] .You will be shocked The Raids That Backfired How the Russian Police Helped to Swell a Protest  Apparently concerned about a new march against Putin, the authorities tried disrupting the lives of its organizers. The move, however, gave fresh momentum to the demonstration Egypt's Parliament Dissolved By Court; Election Ruled Unconstitutional Roma relocation scores Romania mayor a major vote win 9YearOld Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians (Wired) The ban on a nineyearold girl taking photographs of her school meals has been lifted Kidnapping by Mexican Police Caught on Video Every call, every email, every text UK unveils bill aimed at logging citizens Web activity. Manga is not child pornography. Swedish supreme court acquits manga translator from possession of child pornography. Venezuela surpasses Saudi Arabia to become the worlds largest holder of proven oil reserves Indonesian man jailed for twoandahalf years for writing God doesnt exist on his Facebook page Spain Claims Top Spot for Worlds Oldest Cave Art  Archaeologists say red disk over 40,000 years old could've been painted by Neanderthals Irelands 5,500yrold Stone of Destiny, has been hit with a hammer, causing damage in 11 places on all 4 granite faces  None of the fragments were found. Tradition holds that the High Kings of Ireland were crowned at the stone.  Court Dissolves Parliament in Egypt in Blow to Islamists Highway 16 Serial killer being hunted in Canada after 40 young women vanish on same remote road in 30 years  Parks Canada staff banned from criticizing Feds  Workers told they have 'duty' to support Harper government (x post from r/canada) Egyptian military forces surround parliament  China forced abortion photo 'Feng Jianmei had to abort at 7 months for breaching onechild policy' Iran seizes killers of nuclear scientists U.S. Revises Comments on Russian Helicopters Going to Syria  actually returning to Syria after being refurbished Three dead after University of Alberta shooting Argentine leader takes Falklands claim to UN US official Russia sends troops to Syria as peace hopes fade  World News Syrian forces use sexual violence against men, women, children (Contains graphic details of torture) Aung San Suu Kyi taken ill  Burma's prodemocracy leader forced to call a halt to a news conference in Bern after bending over in pain and vomiting 'Forest boy Ray' (in Germany) identified as Dutch  
The Local In a bid to end a decadeslong split in the Catholic Church, the Vatican offered a conservative breakaway group [SSPX] a special status enjoyed only by the Opus Dei movement . . . The status . . . would allow the SSPX to operate directly under the pope's authority, without territorial boundaries. Greece's KnifeEdge Election  

Greek politics is in a state of molecular meltdown, but the election story told by European politicians and journalists doesnt begin to map it. Europe Makes Big Bets on Nuclear Waste Burial  
  On a small Finnish island & deep in remote rural France, far from the debates & doubts that followed Japans Fukushima nuclear disaster, the ground work is underway for a commitment to atomic power for the long term  the very long term Monsanto is one step closer to losing billions of dollars in revenues from its geneticallymodified Roundup Ready soya beans, following a ruling this week by the Brazilian Supreme Court; Monsanto may have to refund millions of Brazilian farmers who had paid royalties to Monsanto over the last decade Saudi Arabia's crown prince dies BBC News  Murdoch called Tony Blair urging him not to delay the invasion of Iraq Welshman claims to have found original Jack Daniel's whiskey recipe 48% of rapes in Sweden are perpetrated by immigrants  Father pleads guilty to letting 14yo have sex  Could become a convicted sex offender based on a charge normally used on adults who have solicited children. Aung San Suu Kyi arrives in Oslo to give Nobel speech almost a quartercentury after receiving peace prize BBC News  UN suspends Syria peace mission Rupert Murdoch claims under oath that former PM Gordon Brown furiously called him and claimed he would make war with them. 10 Downing Street switchboard announces it has no record of any phone call, on a landline or a mobile, between the two men in that year. 2012 Record year for American Arms deals, 50 billion!    Saudi Arabia and Japan main buyers Russia Sending Missile Systems to Shield Syria After 21 Years Aung San Suu Kyi receives her Nobel Peace Prize Japan to restart nuclear reactors despite widespread fear China launches rocket carrying its first female astronaut Hungarian farright politician gets DNA test to see if he's Jewish. Nik Wallenda completes wire walk across Niagara Falls Last fugitive caught in '95 Japan nerve gas attack Striking Spanish Miners Clash With Police  In some of the worst disturbances since the government imposed austerity measures, miners fired sky rockets & ballbearings at riot police who responded with rubber bullets & tear gas   Viewpoint Time to look beyond Mexico drug violence Saudi succession how oil kingdom picks its kings
 How a Mexican Drug Cartel Makes Its Billions  NYTimes.com Saudi crown prince Nayef dead state TV Arrested spy compromised China's U.S. espionage network BBC News  China set for space mission of first woman astronaut Climate Change or Tectonic Shifts?
The Mystery of the Sinking South Pacific Islands Australia will create the largest network of marine parks in the world, protecting waters covering an area as large as India while banning oil and gas exploration and limiting commercial fishing in some of the most sensitive areas. New Zealand's High Court Steps Into Extradition Fight Over Kim Dotcom Judge orders US Attorneys to hand over evidence they're using to make the case against Dotcom, US goes ballistic insisting that such an effort is impossible... Religious leaders furious over Norway's proposed circumcision ban, but one Norway politician says I'm not buying the argument that banning circumcision is a violation of religious freedom, because such freedom must involve being able to choose for themselves Mexican President Felipe Calderon says he is cancelling the construction of a huge tourist resort in Baja California over concerns it could damage a nearby marine reserve. Sweden Violated Torture Ban in CIA Rendition Governments should publish clear accounts listing assets and liabilities, making the intergenerational implications of continuing with current debt levels absolutely clear for young voters.  Meet Prince Salman, the Next Saudi King  
Hes 76 years old, a hawk when it comes to Iran, a dove when it comes to peaceful reform&, with the death of his brother, the kingdoms new heir. Hollande party 'wins majority' in French parliament Wildlife camera catches Austrian politician having sex in forest Lebanese army clashes with Palestinians; one dead
| Reuters Divers baffled after first expedition down to the Millenium Falcon shipwreck. Northern Ireland Health Minister stands by the existing ban on gay blood donors Ottawa [Canada] Airport Wired With Microphones As Border Services Prepares To Record Travellers' Conversations Paraguay  9 landless farmers in Paraguay charged with murder after killing 6 police officers trying to evict them.  Farmers say the land was illegally taken during the 19541989 military rule of Gen Alfredo Stroessner & distributed among his allies.   Two Russian Parties Merge in Push Against Putin Police say about 10 men armed with sledgehammers and wooden bats have attacked a polling station during Greece's election, wounding two policemen guarding it and setting fire to the ballot box. An offduty policeman drove up to a house occupied by a Roma (Gypsy) family, who were in their garden, & opened fire, killing 3 & wounding 2 in Slovakia  There was no immediate explanation for the attack, & police have so far refused to confirm a racial motive.
 Guess Whos Emerging From the Crisis? Chavez reveals Venezuela has built first drone Venezuela has made its first drone in partnership with Iran, Russia and China, and said Caracas plans to start exporting it soon. Kim Jongun North Korea Leader's Media Makeover N Korea's tightly controlled media are building up a personality cult around the new leader that can be divided in obvious stages  Greek Voices We just feel betrayed. We are the EU's scapegoats In Canada, a B.C. judge strikes down law making physicianassisted suicide illegal Saudi Arabian women risk arrest as they defy ban on driving Edmonton triplemurder suspect arrested at U.S. border Taliban praises India for resisting US pressure on Afghanistan Indian drug giant Cipla cuts cost of cancer medicines in a humanitarian move, shaking up the drug market  Man in India beheads 20yearold daughter in rage over her lifestyle and parades her head through village Google sees 'alarming' level of government censorship Web giant says it received more than 1,000 requests from government officials for the removal of content in the past six months, complying with more than half. Canada to be put on UN human rights watchlist A Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan has announced a ban on polio vaccines for children as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region Nova Scotian government forces small, familyowned Christmas tree farm to unwillingly sell their land to an Australian Gold Mining company for the greater public good. 100s Occupy Brazil Dam  Indigenous peoples, farmers &  fisherfolk  marched onto an earthen dam blocking the Xingu River & with pick axes & shovels opened a channel. Demanding the cancellation of the $18 billion project, they placed their bodies to spell out words meaning Stop Belo Monte. Germany has decided to pursue ambitious greenhousegas reductions  while closing down its nuclear plants. Can a heavily industrialized country power its economy with wind turbines and solar panels? Israeli Soldier Holds Hunger Strike in Solidarity With Palestinians in Detention It has come to this Greek towns reverting to barter economies Rumor had it a devious conspiracy was afoot Egyptians voting for a new president Saturday were being tricked into using pens with disappearing ink so their choice on the ballot would vanish before it was counted. Greek vote 'too close to call' Taliban to ban polio vaccinations for children until US stops drone strikes Russian Warships Said to Be Going to Naval Base in Syria  NYTimes.com Egypts ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces has issued a new constitutional declaration granting itself near total autonomy in military matters and the ability to exercise a de facto veto over the drafting of a new constitution. Taikonauts reach Chinese space station Crew successfully enter experimental module in first stage of mission featuring China's first woman in space. Is the U.N. abandoning Syria's rebels? Hundreds of United Nations monitors halt their mission as Bashar alAssad and Syrian rebels flout the U.N.'s ceasefire deal, raising fears of allout civil war
 Diet or Quit Pakistan Tells PotBellied Police The paralyzed man who tweets with his eyes, and wants to die Thousands of Turkish Women March Against Plans to Restrict Access to Abortion  Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan catapulted the issue into public debate when he called abortion murder Violence erupts on Israel's Egypt, Gaza borders The Ethiopian government is forcibly displacing tens of thousands from their land to make way for staterun sugar plantations Pope to Irish Child abuse by clergy shook Catholic faith; calls motive a mystery Australia's oldest artwork found Archeologist discovers Aboriginal rock art made 28,000 years ago in Northern Territory cave Secret EU summit document shows first step to Banking Union Brave man jumps into Moscow river after seeing a car plunge into the water, saves woman driver... as his own car and clothes get stolen. Egyptian Military grants itself sweeping powers; effectively military coup. British comedian Jimmy Carr, who has openly criticised Barclays Bank for tax avoidance, is exposed as main beneficiary in huge tax avoidance scheme Alcohol consumption would fall 25% if cannabis cafes were allowed

 Canada Passes it's version of the DMCA (Bill C11) through the Commons today.  Most of Reddit, and Canadian media fail to notice. Sea Sick Another virus crashes Canadas salmon farms  Critics say the farms should've seen this coming.  A professor claimed that wild sockeye tested in 2011 showed a more serious virus was present in B.C. waters. The government seized his samples & declared the virus wasn't present.   Female singer in Pakistan who defied taliban decree against singing shot dead in driveby Vatican accuses media of imitating Dan Brown and said the Roman Catholic Church's latest travails were part of the Devil's attempt to destabilize it. BBC News  Ship 'carrying Russian attack helicopters to Syria' halted off Scotland Iceland Named Most Peaceful Country in the World Swiss army 'loses track' of 10,000 firearms A magnitude 5.2 earthquake has shaken parts of southern Victoria, Australia   Iran, Russia, China, Syria to hold drill  12 Chinese warships to sail through the Suez Canal, Russian atomic submarines / aircraft carriers to take part  Egypt Revolutionary forces call for mass protest against 'coup d'tat' India announces USD 10 billion for debtwracked eurozone Hamas renews rocket fire from Gaza; 11 missiles explode in southern Israel With inspiration from a friend too lazy to take a shower and a few months of research on the Internet, South African university student Ludwick Marishane has won global recognition for an invention that takes the water out of bathing. Canadian mining companies are 'the new conquistadors.'  Mexico's drug war rocks U.S. and Canadian expat stronghold '...last month suspected druggang hitmen kidnapped a group of Mexican locals and dumped 18 decapitated bodies in two vehicles just miles from the lakeside tourist enclave of Ajijic.' According to Iranian news sources, Iran, Russia, 
China and Syria will soon hold the Middle East's 
largest ever war games  the exercises will 
reportedly involve 90,000 troops, 400 warplanes 
and 1,000 tanks from the four countries At least seven Turkish soldiers killed in ambush by Kurdish rebels, state TV says. Britain fires first shot for military intervention in Syria Canadian gov't to eavesdrop on people coming into country BBC News  WikiLeaks' Julian Assange seeks asylum in Ecuador embassy Zimbabwe's Mugabe Motorcade in Deadly Crash  One reported killed &  15 others injured.  A car in the motorcade hit a commuter bus__ the 3rd such accident in 2 weeks.  Police spokesman said a bus failed to make way for the president's vehicles quickly enough. Julian Assange flees Seeks asylum in Ecuadorian embassy in London Med Student Rescues Body Part From Airport Security  El Salvador murders drop as gang truce passes 100 days The gangs, Mara Salvatrucha and Barrio 18, agreed a halt to hostilities, in a deal brokered by the Catholic Church. Ecuador says Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is seeking asylum at its embassy in London  The Washington Post 100 scientific academies around the globe... report that if birthrates and overconsumption continue unabated, largescale famine, drought, disease and war lie ahead... 19 tons of marijuana dumped into the ocean near US/Mexico border  Vannak Prum was forced to work on a Thai fishing boat for 3 yrs before escaping by jumping overboard.  Rogue captains buy men like Prum from traffickers & use them to plunder the fishing grounds of surrounding nations. One expert calls it a perfect storm of slavery & environmental degradation. Englishman calling religion a fairy tale for adults could be arrested, say police. Because he's an atheist, the police are telling him he could be arrested for the threatening message he put on his door  Man Beheaded For Sorcery, Witchcraft In Saudi Arabia The real reason Julian Assange sought asylum Liberian effort to end female circumcision runs into fierce opposition BBC News  'Hostages held' in Toulouse bank Julian Assange Flees Extradition, Seeks Asylum From Ecuador 'AlQaida' gunman takes hostages in Toulouse bank Uganda to ban NGOs accused of promoting gay rights; A bill calling for harsh penalties against homosexuals and outlawing the promotion of homosexuality, including providing financial support to gays and lesbians, is pending in the east African country's parliament. Netherlands rejects bill banning kosher slaughter; Jewish groups claim victory The bill was harshly criticized during the debate in the upper house for contradicting the constitutional right to freedom of religion and ritual observance of faith. Ottawa airport wired with microphones as Border Services prepares to record travellers conversations ExRomania PM shoots self after court's sentence Romania's prime minister says one of his predecessors has shot himself and was in the hospital, just hours after a court upheld the expremier's twoyear prison sentence on corruption charges. Thousands flee as typhoon heads for Tokyo  A powerful typhoon has forced the evacuation of thousands of people in Japan, and the cancellation of hundreds of flights. Egypt's state news agency MENA reports former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is clinically dead.  Ottawa has put the brakes on a hightech eavesdropping program that would allow authorities to listen in on conversations taking place at border crossings and airports. Public Safety Minister Vic Toews asked the Canadian Border Services Agency to halt the contentious program on Tuesday Unmanned drones being used to combat poachers in Nepal Romania sends exprime minister Nastase to jail for corruption  Yahoo! News Deadly suicide attack hits Afghan city Legalizing Ecstasy Would Save Lives, Says a Canadian Health Officer ACTA rejected by last committee, crucial blow before final EU Parliament vote 'The Internet, in all its diversity, winning a global political battle against some of the most powerful industries and governments' The United States has immunity from a class action related to the governmentsponsored infection of hundreds of Guatemalans with syphilis, a federal judge ruled, calling the study a deeply troubling chapter in our nation's history. Pirate Bay Disarms BT Blockade Within Minutes Experts say Assanges asylum bid could work The government of Ecuador has a capacity under international law to grant Assange political asylum, in which case he would be eligible to enjoy protected passage from UK to Ecuador Uruguay Aims to Legalize Marijuana  It's unveiled a plan to allow statecontrolled sales of marijuana to fight a rise in drugrelated crime Cuts Leave Greek Heritage in Ruins   Research & excavations are being abandoned. Museums can no longer afford security & are being plagued by armed robbers. Organized criminals are exploiting the chaos in an explosion of illegal digs & the trafficking of antiquities.

 After seriously considering sending out 3 strikes warning letters to filesharers, today Denmark will officially announce the abandoning of the idea. Instead, it will focus on the development of legal services The first tourist flight into space is scheduled for next year, and it's cheaper than you'd think. China was recently caught selling trucks that could allow North Korea to make its missiles mobile, a violation of UN sanctions. With North Korea having nukes, nuclear missiles could be a next step.  Mexico drugs war 'This is a hell that is just too big' Mexico arrests son of top drug lord 'El Chapo' Guzman Private security company chief predicts mass privatisation of police A Controversial law that allows hunters into national parks has been passed by New South Wales Parliament following hours of fractious debate  Critics  fear it'll open 100s of parks recreational hunters.  It'll compromise the safety of every single person in our national parks.  C.I.A. Said to Aid in Steering Arms to Syrian Opposition Moody's cuts ratings of 15 global banks Explosives found at Sweden nuclear site Uganda to Ban 38 Organizations That Promote Homosexuality  Country's ethics & integrity minister claims banned NGOs exist to destroy the traditions & culture of this country The Coming Oil Crash   By Steve LeVine  | Foreign Policy Julian Assange asylum move is 'a tragedy' for his accusers, says lawyer  Lawyer representing two women who accuse WikiLeaks founder of sexual assault says he still expects extradition to go ahead
 Romania exPM Adrian Nastase in suicide attempt  Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase has attempted to commit suicide by shooting himself in the neck.  Iran to build more ships, boost naval presence The prosecutions closing argument in Breivik case Reasonable doubt whether he was sane. Therefore no criminal conviction, but forced psykiatric care. Doctors strike in UKwide protest over pensions They oppose government moves to increase pension contributions and introduce a later retirement age. In a ballot of 104,000 members of the British Medical Association, the majority voted for a strike. Russia May Change How It Calculates Oil Price to try and negate its dependency on oil sales We are pretty concerned about this. That's why the government is coming up with rules to decrease the dependence on oil Recent tribal clashes in Libya leave over 100 dead, over 500 injured BBC News  India unblocks The Pirate Bay and other sharing sites Japan Passes JailforDownloaders AntiPiracy Law CIA secretly operates on Syrian border, supplies arms to rebels. It is easier to send 30,000 women abroad to study than to let one woman drive, says a Saudi diplomat. Turkey says warplane lost off Syria Drone strikes threaten 50 years of international law, says UN rapporteur Julian Assange's first interview from Ecuadorian 
Embassy (Transcript) Turkey drops antiabortion legislation  Government withdraws controversial plan to slash time limit for abortions after mounting pressure from civil society. Two children hospitalized in London after a pub chef spiked chocolate puddings with ecstasy. Another customer had an out of body experience. Explosives found at Sweden nuclear plant; Nation raises security alert at all 10 reactors
 Suicide leading cause of death for India youths In contrast to patterns usually seen in wealthier countries, the highest suicide rates in India are among young, wealthy and highly educated people. Uganda says gays now free to meet This is the first time the government is making a statement that appears to recognize the rights of gay people in Uganda, where most homosexuals remain closeted for fear of attacks, and it seemed to take even the activists by surprise. Thousand of protesters fill Tahrir Square against interference in Egypt's transition to democracy Israeli airline El Al stops transporting research primates; El Al will not fly monkeys meant to be used for experiments. Period.  A huge North Korean flag disappeared behind a tower of flames and thick black smoke Friday as South Korean fighter jets and U.S. attack helicopters fired rockets in the alliesiggest joint livefire drills since the Korean War. Starving Greeks queue for food in their thousands as debtladen country forms a coalition government.
 Circumcision for Zimbabwe's MPs  A group of Zimbabwean MPs are getting circumcised as part of a campaign to reduce HIV and Aids cases  Ecuador president vows to take time on Assange decision  Scotland Yard says the WikiLeaks founder has breached his bail conditions WikiLeaks' Assange says ready for life in Ecuador He fears that if sent to Sweden, he would then be extradited to the United States where he believes he could face criminal charges punishable by death.  Deaths of Hostages Held by Somali Pirates Increasing The number of hostages killed or injured by Somali pirates increased significantly last year.  Levels of violence against seafarers in coastal waters around east Africa & the Gulf of Aden also remained high. BBC News  Syria rebels accused of massacring 25 people in village Paper on altering bird flu to be published despite bioterror concerns U.S. politicians are tempted to blame Chinese currency manipulation for the countrys economic woes. China though has appreciated its currency by nearly 40 percent in real terms since 2005. Moody's downgrades 15 major global banks Muslim pair accused of planning jihad bomb attack on Jews in Britain | Guardian Canadian version of SOPA is close to becoming law, I don't know why this isn't getting more attention Nationalisation Uruguay's law allowing state to sell cannabis could be adopted across Latin America in defiance of US European Court Says Getting Sick on Vacation Means You Get a DoOver  All 27 countries in the EU will be held to the court's decision. Shouryya Ray, 16YrOld 'Genius,' Did Not Solve Newton's 350YrOld Problem The president of Paraguay has been impeached. World adopts Rio+20 declaration, pledges $513 billion for sustainable development projects  In a huge victory for emerging countries like India and Brazil, the world leaders adopted 'The Future We Want' declaration on sustainable development. Syria admits to shooting down Turkish fighter jet Caterpiller delisted from influential ethical investing index for role in Israel's armored tractor use. TIAACREF divests $72M; others may follow. Turkey will take retaliatory steps against Syria for the downing of one of its military jets, President Abdullah Gul said Saturday. Alan Turing Inquest's suicide verdict 'not supportable'. The British mathematical genius and codebreaker born a hundred years ago on 23 June, may not have committed suicide, as is widely believed. Syria 'shoots down Turkish fighter jet'  Telegraph Chinese Data Said to Be Manipulated, Understating Slowdown  NYTimes.com Report Saudis will pay salaries of rebel Syria army Officials in charge of @sweden Twitter account seriously considering handling it over to Stephen Colbert Saudi Arabia plans to fund Syria rebel army US Warns of Imminent Threat of Attack in Mombasa   Embassy in Kenya warns of an imminent attack on the port  & asks all its government workers to leave Israel complains to UN over Hamas rockets on South Syrian civilians hit hard by spreading violence  Her daughter, 8, often hides in a closet, terrified of flying bullets. Her son, 6, still asks for his father months after he turned up in a morgue. And the family has little income because her brotherinlaw was killed too. Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority the (mis)application of European and international law by the UK Supre Fox correspondent named senior Vatican communications adviser Gaza terrorists fire 22 rockets at Sderot area, hitting school and factory. 150 rockets in 6 days U.S. seeks return to SE Asian bases  The Washington Post A new type of coup rightwing congress ousts leftwing president in Paraguay. European courts pass a new law saying workers who get sick on vacation are entitled to another vacation.  Japan Opens Door to Acquiring Nuclear Weapons Vatican gets Fox media adviser The Fox news correspondent in Rome has been brought in by the Vatican to help improve its communications strategy as it tries to cope with one of its most serious scandals in decades. As Hopes for Reform Fade in Bahrain, Protesters Turn Anger on United States Egypt braces for Islamist president, or army rule
 In North Korea, learning to hate US starts early  A framed poster on the wall of a kindergarten classroom shows brighteyed children brandishing rifles and bayonets as they attack a hapless American soldier, his face bandaged and blood spurting from his mouth. Stop Asking for More Help, Germany Tells Greece Egyptian beats pregnant wife to death for not voting for Mursi Uruguay says pot law won't make it a drug haven Mexico admits accidentally arresting car salesman after parading man to press as son of druglord Joaquin El Chapo Guzman UK soldiers beat innocent Iraqi men in lack ops' jails but new secret justice law means their torture will be hidden forever Turkey declares jet shootdown by Syria as a hostile act; Syria gave no warning before shooting down the F4 Phantom jet which strayed into its territory Why the West should embrace the Islamists in Egypt | The Economist Turkey Vows to Take Action in Downing of Jet by Syria Fourteen mutilated bodies found outside Mexican supermarket Bolivia Deploys Army to Patrol Streets as Police Across the Country Strike in Protest at Low Pay  Protests turned violent when officers seized control of a police barracks It's one of the last great taboos the murder of at least 20,000 women a year in the name of Honour. Nor is the problem confined to the Middle East the contagion is spreading rapidly Vatican seeks help from Fox News adviser for PR  Mexico elections failure of drugs war leaves nation at the crossroads Homes evacuated as month's worth of rain falls in a day Mohamed Morsi wins the Egyptian presidential election. Crowds at Tahrir Square burst into cheers. Afghan Tunnel Decrepit, Dangerous Yet Indispensable  NATO supply convoys are using a long, slow & expensive route after Pakistan closed its border. Trucks driving high on crumbling roads pass through the Sovietbuilt Salang Tunnel, where lines of waiting traffic often stretch 10 miles. Wave of Violence Swallows More Women in Jurez, Mexico Bee swarm attack lands Thailand monks in hospital The Bangkok Post said more than 70 monks were admitted to hospital, quoting one doctor as saying he had seen 19 in serious condition. Mexicos Perfect Dictatorship on Brink of Comeback Syria shot Turkish jet in international air space, says Turkish FM Richard O'Dwyer and the new internet war
 Lonesome George The lastofit'skind Galapagos Tortoise has died at 100. The Koran is our constitution, the Prophet is our leader, jihad is our path and death in the name of Allah is our goal, Egypt's new president, Mohammed Morsi End of 'compassionate Conservatism' as David Cameron details plans for crackdown on welfare WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange Monday called for diplomatic guarantees he will not be pursued by the United States for publishing secret documents if he goes to Sweden to face criminal allegations. Google has set out to save the world's dying languages. In an alliance with scholars and linguists, the Internet powerhouse on Wednesday introduced an Endangered Languages Project website where people can find, share, and store information about dialects in danger of disappearing. Saudi Arabia to let women compete in Olympics for first time Superbug vs. Monsanto Nature rebels against biotech titan. A growing number of rootworms are now able to devour genetically modified corn specifically designed by Monsanto to kill those same pests.  Syria general and two colonels 'defect to Turkey' Fed up mother throws two sons from 15th floor, killing both A Russian woman threw her 4 and 7yearold sons out the window from the 15th floor, with both boys dying before an ambulance arrived. She explained that she was fed up with children and decided to get rid of them Israel army 'game' leaves Palestinian dead Iraq orders Voice of America, 43 other media outlets to close  World News Will we see a 'Mexican Spring'? China celebrates accomplishments in sea and space  deepdiving record in Mariana Trench and manual space docking  on same day Jerusalem to become Egypts capital under Mursis rule, says Muslim cleric at campaign rally to cheering crowd. For London Olympics, Britain calls up the military Ground troops, fighter jets and perhaps missiles will reinforce police in Britain's largest peacetime security operation. Some residents see it as overkill. Wikipedia founder steps in to help UK hacker Dalai Lama Censorship in China morally wrong,  
people should know the truth Lulzsec UK men plead guilty to hacking charges Russian arms ship to make second attempt to deliver helicopters to Syria North Korea condemns 'provocative' naval drills by US and South Korea  Officials called joint military exercises a hostile and politically motivated act, which justified its nuclear expansion programme BBC News  UAE death sentence for British man on 'drugs charge' Censorship in China morally wrong, people should know the truth Dalai Lama Central Africa gunmen have attacked a uranium plant operated by French nuclear power giant Areva in the southeast of the Central African Republic The Moscow Times Moscow Ranked Last for Doing Business LulzSec's Ryan Cleary and Jake Davis plead guilty to hacking institutions including CIA, Soca and News International. Other websites targeted by the pair were Westboro Baptist Church, Bethesda, Eve Online, HBGary, HBGary Federal, PBS Inc and Infragard. Circumcision of kids a crime  German court Mall collapse in Northern Ontario leaves 1 dead, 30 unaccounted for ... rescue crews are still unabe to enter the wreckage HPV vaccine ban by Calgary bishop putting girls' lives at risk, doctors say Boxes where parents can leave an unwanted baby, common in medieval Europe, have been making a comeback over the last 10 years. Supporters say a heated box, monitored by nurses, is better for babies than abandonment on the street  but the UN says it violates the rights of the child. Syria fires on second Turkish plane Shootout at Mexico City airport kills three police officers Prominent Americans urge Ecuador to accept Julian Assange's asylum request Imagining the Unthinkable The Disastrous Consequences of a Euro Crash  As the debt crisis worsens in Spain and Italy, financial experts are warning of the catastrophic consequences of a crash of the euro the destruction of trillions in assets and record high unemployment levels, even in Germany. Turkish PM vows to help 'liberate Syria from dictatorship' Erdogan lashed out at Syria, saying it poses threat to Turkeys national security, calling Syrian government tyrants. He warned that any Syrian troops approaching Turkish borders would be dealt with as a military target Not an accident, now it was self defense  Syria warns NATO Three ultraOrthodox Jewish men have been arrested in Israel, suspected of defacing the national Holocaust memorial with antiZionist graffiti. Travelers run for cover as cops kill cops at Mexico City airport Pandemic H1N1 Flu Killed Far More Than Reported The pandemic H1N1 flu in 2009 may have killed more than 500,000 people around the world, 15 times more than reported (from r/globalhealth) After Rio, we know. Governments have given up on the planet The postsummit pledge was an admission of defeat against consumer capitalism. But we can still salvage the natural world. China has pumped billions of dollars into the African nation of Chad's oil infrastructure. Chad's dictator has used the money to maintain power and bribe the populace with cheap oil.  EU Commissioner Reveals He Will Simply Ignore Any Rejection Of ACTA By European Parliament Next Week  World's oldest bank in Italy 'wants 3bn state aid' Both Koreas suffering worst drought in a century North Korea dispatched soldiers to pour buckets of water on parched fields and South Korean officials scrambled to save a rare mollusk threatened by the heat as the worst dry spell in a century gripped the Korean peninsula. New details of UK piracy monitoring plan made public It gives copyright holders three times longer to produce evidence against alleged pirates, and it seriously reduces the right of appeal for the alleged pirates 4 presidents propose upping power of eurozone authorities over national governments Video shows police manhandling protester during Tel Aviv rally  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper Syrian forces fire at second Turkish plane Turkey said on Monday Syrian forces had fired towards a Turkish military transport plane involved in a search for an F4 reconnaissance jet shot down by Syria last week Egyptian court says army cannot arrest civilians Turkey said Monday it would push NATO to consider Syrias downing of a Turkish jet as an attack on the whole military alliance. New strain of TB resistant to all currently available treatments  Australians and New Zealanders are the biggest users of recreational drugs, particularly cannabis, according to the 2012 United Nations World Drug Report. The Arab awakenings happened because the Arab peoples stopped fearing their leaders  but they stalled because the Arab peoples have not stopped fearing each other. Rupert Murdoch forced to break up News Corp  The war on drugs is a failure that is fuelling the global HIV/AIDS epidemic by driving people away from treatment, an international group says. Canada falls out of top fifty in global freedom of information rankings (from r/Canada) In a remarkable statement, the copyright monopoly fundamentalist Marielle Gallo  of the Gallo Report infamy  says that the citizens of Europe who have been campaigning against ACTA are terrorists UK ready to take on Israel over fate of children clapped in irons Syrian President Bashar alAssad declared on Tuesday that his country was at war and ordered his new government to spare no effort to achieve victory, as the worst fighting of the 16month conflict reached the outskirts of the capital. Why are Young Indians Killing Themselves?   Suicide has become the 2nd leading cause of death among the country's young adults, after road accidents in men, & childbirthrelated complications in women.  40% of the men & 56% of women who took their lives in 2010 were age 1529. The Ecuadorian embassies in US and Britain have received over 10,000 messages in support of political asylum for Julian Assange Attack on Greek Microsoft Office  Gunmen set fire to the place in Athens Irish vigilate group hunting drug dealers, in hopes to rid the area of drugs.  The pacific nation of Palau ranks first in cannabis consumption, with nearly 25 percent of citizens having smoked in the past year.  German Chancellor Angela Merkel sought to bury once and for all the idea of common euro zone bonds on Tuesday, saying Europe would not share total debt liability as long as I live, as the bloc's big four finance ministers met to narrow differences on how to solve a worsening debt crisis. Assad says Syria at war as battle reaches capital Syrian rebels destroy goverment  TV station Online and on the streets, Mexico youth protests grow as election looms Founder and 4 senior members of Singapore's largest megachurch arrested for misappropriating church funds. TransCanada Wins 1 of 3 US Permits for Keystone Pipeline in Galveston District   2 more permits are needed to finish the line's southern section, rebranded the Gulf Coast project.  Environmentalists argue it fosters more tar sands development in Alberta & have asked the EPA to intervene. Second boat sinks off Christmas Island A boat carrying an estimated 150 people has capsized north of Christmas Island, Australian officials say, a week after an asylumseeker boat sank in the area. China proposes $10bn loan [and currency swaps] for Latin America countries [MERCOSUR] Britain's Queen Elizabeth is to shake the hand of a oncefeared commander of the IRA on Wednesday to seal end of one of Europe's bitterest conflicts, which cost the lives of thousands of soldiers and civilians, including her cousin Putin to Israel Beware of wars that are 'not that smart', such as the ones in Iraq and Afghanistan. Germany v France The eurozone's next big battle? Germany bans Circumcisions  In Mexico, it's taken as fact that the United States is backing the drug cartels... Sweden to give illegal immigrants healthcare Half of German teenagers unable to distinguish between democracy and dictatorship, study shows Dotcom searches illegal Judge. Also ruled it was unlawful for copies of Dotcom's computer data to be taken offshore. (NZ Herald) Circumcision ruling condemned by Germany's Muslim and Jewish leaders 
German court rules that procedure is bodily harm and contravenes right to choose religion in later life
 Top CIA Spy Accused of Being a Mafia Hitman Turkey deploying a substantial convoy of troops and about 30 military vehicles, including trucks loaded with missile batteries and antiaircraft rocket launchers, to the Syrian border Months After Protest, Female Russian Rockers Still Jailed  
A female punkrock band staged a provocative political protest in Feb. at Moscow's Orthodox cathedral. 3 have been jailed since, & the Russian Orthodox Church is demanding harsh punishment in a case that's become a national issue. Is Mexico backing off its drug war?  The presidential election is Sunday and the leading candidates are all being deliberately vague about the rampant cartel violence and what they plan to do Brazil tribes occupy hydroelectric dam site  Americas  Al Jazeera English S. Korea and Japan Plan Military Pact BBC News  More banks face interest rate rigging investigation.  And no one goes to jail. Why the world doesn't have real leaders anymore.  TransPacific Partnership Canadians would see Internet freedoms curtailed under the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) currently being negotiated among a dozen Pacific Rim countries Barclays bosses have serious questions to answer, warns David Cameron Majority of Catalans for independence from Spain Exceptionally Troubling Ruling In The UK Owners Of Links Site Guilty Of 'Conspiracy To Defraud' Arctic seaice levels at record low for June Scientists say that the latest observations suggest that Arctic sea ice cover is continuing to shrink and thin  Barclays shamed by 290m fine for market fixing  Business News  Business  The Independent Tuscan village goes up for sale on eBay. 2.5m for the medieval village of Pratariccia. Merkel faces tensions at key euro summit in Brussels Olympic roof missiles residents to launch legal action  East Londoners seek injunction to stop surfacetoair missiles being stationed on their building during London 2012 Games 14 Year Old N. Korea Girl Dies Saving Kim Portraits European Union leaders have signaled that their latest summit will set the stage for a dramatic rethinking of the economic and political edifice that underlies the euro currency. Iranian authorities preparing to carry out death sentences against two men convicted of drinking alcohol British Journalist Sexually Assaulted in Cairo's Tahrir Square.... Men began to rip off my clothes, she wrote. I was stripped naked......These men, hundreds of them, had turned from humans to animals. 2500 year old ancient Phoenician port destroyed to build skyscrapers German secret service destroys files on neoNazi terrorist gang.
Vital information was shredded on the day it was due to be handed to federal prosecutors China's first woman in space returns to Earth Man sets himself on fire outside Birmingham job 
centre, apparently over a payment he had not 
received. Anonymous hacks the website of a minor countryside river authority, instead of the central Japanese government, because the first half of the name is the same spelling. United Technologies Corp on Thursday admitted selling China software that helped Beijing develop its first modern military attack helicopter, one of hundreds of export control violations over nearly two decades. Syrian tanks amass near Turkish border 91000 seals in Namibia to be clubbed and shot to death in a few weeks time. China blocks Bloomberg website after report on wealth of next presidents extended family Troops Are Piling Up On Both Sides Of The SyriaTurkey Border today about 170 Syrian tanks assembled north of Aleppo, yesterday Turkey deployed at least 30 Turkish military vehicles equipped with antiaircraft rocket launchers to the border, straight west of Aleppo



 The oldest known samples of pottery have been unearthed in southern China. Forbidden Drink Why Alcoholism Is Soaring in Officially BoozeFree Iran   With a worsening economy, thriving black market, and prohibitionenforced absence of social norms, Iranians' heavy drinking may be turning into a public health crisis. Julian Assange told to turn himself in at London police station  WikiLeaks founder seeking political asylum inside Ecuador's London embassy is served with surrender notice BBC News  Julian Assange 'declines' police order Chinese spacecraft returns to Earth  China's Shenzou 9 spacecraft has completed its mission, bringing the first Chinese woman into space. The astronauts completed a crucial docking test meant to pave the way for building a manned Chinese space station.  Egyptian officials sentenced over Israel gas deal According to officials, the men were charged with undermining the interests of Egypt and exporting gas to Israel at below market value. Germany caved in to demands for less stringent bailouts and direct aid to banks Julian Assange is not leaving the Ecuadorian Embassy any time soon Japan ignores protests to resume nuclear power  Telegraph NeoNazi Cell Scandal German Intelligence Agency under Fire for Shredding Files   Police intercept $35M of counterfeit Italian train tickets en route from China Thousands flee floods in India's Assam state  At least 27 people killed and about a million people shifted as the swollen Brahmaputra river swamps villages. Destination Europe  The Sahara Desert's Forgotten Refugees  With ambushes, illness and police persecution, the journey through the Sahara to Algeria is a path of misery and danger. Fires threaten to 'extinguish' critical Indonesian orangutan population   Conservationists claim a massive new wave of fires has been set in Tripa peat swamp to make way for palm oil plantations
 Colombia High Court Okays Drug Decriminalization 'Under the law, people caught with less than 22 grams of marijuana or one gram of cocaine for personal use may not be arrested or prosecuted, but could be referred to treatment.' Japans Supreme Court has ruled in favor of a 
whistleblower for the first time in a case that 
highlights the harsh treatment outspoken 
employees have endured in a nation that 
zealously values loyalty and conformity. France to legalise gay marriage in 2013 Julian Assange defies police summons, refuses to leave Ecuadorean Embassy Falkvinge The most blatant proACTA campaign so far is in itself a copyright monopoly violation The worlds richest people added a combined $21.4 billion to their collective net worth this week. Webhost Refuses To Censor Its Own Pirate Bay AntiCensorship Tool Dutch antipiracy outfit BREIN says that in the face of the hosts refusal to comply with the takedown, it is now considering filing a criminal complaint China's incoming president Xi Jinping's family 'has wealth of hundreds of millions' The family of China's next president has amassed a fortune running into hundreds of millions of pounds, according to a hugely damaging new report.  Sumatran Orangutans Being 'Extinguishedy Palm Oil Push Fires set by landowners leave wild orangutans on brink of annihilation Richard O'Dwyer petition hits 160,000 signatures Thousands back Wikipedia founder's call to oppose extradition of British student to US over alleged internet copyright offence Big Four banks admit to misselling interest rate swaps  Nuclear officials withheld Fukushima radiation maps  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Oil posts fourth biggest daily gain on record Ugandan bill threatens homosexuality with death penalty Some 100 youths rioted in the Stockholm suburb of 
Tensta, smashing up police cars and throwing 
stones at officers  The Local Olympics 2012 let the political games begin While Julian Assange defies his bond at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, he has released a Wikileaks Album to drum up donations for his cause. Included is the song The Ballad of Julian Assange. Russia 'retains right' to preemptive strike on NATO missile shield  Bomb Explodes in Damascus as Countries Gather to Discuss Syria Egypt's newly elected President Morsi promises  to seek the release of the Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman, the Egyptianborn militant Islamist convicted after the 1993 World Trade Center attack of plotting to bomb several New York City landmarks. Israel evicts settlers after landmark ruling  Mongolia parties call for new elections Libya descends into militia chaos as hostages still held
 Syria The First Casualty The big lie concerning Syria is the most significant and outrageous myth that we are living under today. | Foreign Policy Journal BBC News  Dial 999 75 years of emergency phone calls (World's first emergency phone number) Australia introduces controversial carbon tax. The law forces the country's 500 worstpolluting firms to pay a levy for every tonne of greenhouse gases they produce.
 China hires tens of thousands of North Korea guest workers Because of sanctions, North Korea is unable to export weapons. So it is using its people to raise money. Most of their earnings will go directly to the North Korean regime. The Barclays scandal is not 'wholly inappropriate'. It's a crime 'Financial Services Authority' Calls for Tighter Laws Against Failing Bankers  'There should be a presumption a director of a failed bank should not work in the industry again.' Police claimed a bus passenger was swearing and abusive so they tasered him. A passenger's video of the incident now shows they all colluded and lied in court. Turkey scrambles jets on Syria border Anger Grows In Hong Kong Over China, New Leader Drug test to be required for Unemployed to receive the benefit in New Zealand Islamists take to another world heritage site; this time with pickaxes.  Home Secretary Theresa May planning changes to the test taken by foreign nationals who wish to become British citizens'; immigrants will be told historically the UK is a Christian country Mali Islamists destroy Timbuktu heritage sites Bankers of Failed Banks Should Be Banned from the World of Finance, Says FSA Chairman 6.3 Earthquake just hit china Assange will remain in Ecuadorian Embassy, spokeswoman says.  British Sex Grooming Cases Spark Racial Tensions  the several hundred girls are white, and the men who used them as sex toys are Asian Muslims, mostly Pakistanis raised in Britain Egypt Christians Killed After Election of Morsi as Egypt's president Prince of Liechtenstein threatens to leave after vote on his powers. The Prince of Liechtenstein, one of Europe's most powerful monarchs, will learn on Sunday whether his powers are to be cut. Islamist rebels destroy UNESCO World Heritage sites in Timbuktu The people of Japan occupy the only 
road to Nuke plant the government 
wants to restart. Link to livestream in 
article.  Three Mexican Federal police agents gunned down in Mexico City airport are believed to have been killed by their own colleagues  working for drug traffickers. Mexican election could return old rulers to power
| Reuters Falkvinge 'There are credible rumors floating about in the European Parliament that the EPP party group is going to try to kill the ACTA vote through procedural trickery in the European Parliament.' Japan Introduced Stronger FileSharing Law Ireland scraps electronic voting machines UK migrants to face 'patriotic' citizenship test Announcing The Declaration Of Internet Freedom A whole bunch of organizations and individuals are getting together today to launch the beginning of a process, the creation of an Internet Declaration of Freedom. The 'Tampon King' who sparked a period of change for India's women Prisoners in Brazil Reducing Their Sentences by Producing Electricity  For every 16 hrs spent pedaling to charge a battery connected to the bike, prisoners of good standing will shave a day off their sentences Scientology abandoned by Ron Hubbard's granddaughter and David Miscavife's father Falkvinge Why DRM must be outright banned  Because legislation isn't coding 'As part of what one MP calls the most intrusive surveillance regime in the west, the British govt is hoping to require ISPs to route all of the data that gets transferred over their servers through a lack box.'  The health spending map of the world Defected North Korea poet writes of hunger, desperation. Army officers accused of sexual abuse following 'Game of Thrones' screening Catholic Church Fears Growing Vatican Bank Scandal Officials Pena Nieto projected winner in Mexican presidential vote  More than ten thousand pounds of elephant ivory went up in flames today ... a fiery act intended to snuff out a recent spike in poaching. 
The Prime Minister Of Qatar Buys New York City's Most Expensive Home For $100 Million
 David Nutt on the truth about drugs Mexico's former ruling party voted back to office As crops rot, millions go hungry in India British troops killed by gunman in Afghan police uniform England refuses to extradite sex offender due to risk of indefinite detention Ethiopia Refining Internet Censorship  The 'Committee to Protect Journalists' says it appears Ethiopia is extending & refining its censorship of Internet news with a sophistication that could encourage other authoritarian regimes in Africa. The Prince vs. the 'Paupers'   Liechtenstein's billionaire royal family is threatening to literally abandon its tiny, wealthy principality over a referendum to curtail its power. Is this the coming of the Liechtenspring?  The president of Germany's domestic intelligence agency has resigned in response to a series of errors made in the investigation of a neoNazi terror cell. Criticism grew last week after it emerged that his office had shredded important documents relating to the case. Did history kill defense deal between Japan and South Korea?  Militants in Mali Continue to Destroy Shrines of Sufi Saints  The Amazon's Belo Monte Dam You have an environmental impact study that's 36 volumes, around 20,000 pages, & its basically a work of fiction. Belo Monte is a spear point for dismantling the whole system of environmental licensing & regulation here.  Swedish Woman refused help from 'darkskinned' clerk, not a crime courts rule