 Drugs war 'a failure' that bred criminals Australia foreign minister calls for decriminalisation of lowlevel drug use France best, U.S. worst in preventable death ranking North Korea 'preparing to unveil missile capable of striking continental US' Pay to be a waitress A restaurant server has filed a complaint with B.C.'s Employment Standards Branch against a high profile Vancouver restaurant group because management required her to hand over her tips at the end of shifts. Government bill to spy on websites, emails and texts will cost taxpayers 2bn  A 37yearold Palestinian woman has been arrested for defaming President Mahmoud Abbas on her Facebook profile. She is being detained by the Palestinian Authority for two weeks. Former princess of the Ottoman Empire has died  Her grandfather, the last Ottoman Sultan Vahdettin, & all other members of the dynasty were sent into exile in 1924 Greek island of Zakynthos has recently been dubbed the blind island by the Greek press after it emerged that 700 residents were allegedly receiving disability pensions as blind people despite being perfectly sighted. Dutch Law Would Stop Sale of Marijuana to Tourists The United Nations convened on Monday to discuss a topic that isn't usually on their agenda happiness. Throughout the day, speakers at the U.N. put forward their thoughts on how to measure and improve wellbeing around the world. Britains Orwellian war against tweetcrime Irish Priest Accidentally Flashes Gay Porn During First Communion Meeting 'The Governments email and web monitoring plans would potentially be incompatible with the right to privacy of many ordinary people in the UK.'  Equality and Human Rights Commissions James Murdoch steps down as BSkyB chairman  live updates Iran says could hit U.S. if it came under attack paper French Polynesia Acts to Protect its Drinking Water  
Desalination plant will give islanders a reliable, cheaper supply than bottled water, while meters will encourage conservation.  Islanders will be able to buy drinking water for about 6 cents a litre. Islamists push for sharia law in northern Mali Mexico hit by 6.3 magnitude earthquake Uganda's nodding disease 'I've lost hope' A new study puts the amount of Cesium released from Fukushima at about 90% of Chernobyl. To the Victor in Egypt's Presidential Race a terrible economy  The Muslim Brotherhood has fronted a candidate. A former ally of Mubarak may even run. But whoever wins will start with less than half the foreign reserves Egypt had before the revolution. Why Do Bankers Get to Decide Who Pays for Europe's Mess? Argentine president dismisses absurd UK claim to Falklands  In Escalating Drone War, US Targets Yemen Rulers Rivals Draconian Privacy Invasion Bill Continues to Gain Support 'The bill is touted as being much worse than SOPA when it comes to privacy invasions. CISPA also appears to include the infringement of intellectual property as a security threat warranting access to user data.' International Criminal Court says it cannot investigate alleged Israeli crimes in Gaza because Palestine is not a state. Anonymous Hundreds of Beijing's Government Websites Defaced Canada, Home To The Suicide Capital Of The World In Pikangikum, gas sniffing is rampant and young people are taking their own lives at a shocking rate. Nobel literature laureate Guenter Grass poem What Must Be Said  Israel With Its Nuclear Weapons Is A Threat To World Peace Woman sues Facebook over misuse of image. Kuwait Members of Parliament Call For Execution of Man Accused of Insulting Prophet Mohammed on Twitter In Vietnam, rhino horn costs more than cocaine.  Spain's jobless level hits record 4.75 million 'The unemployment figures released show that the situation is worse for young Spaniards....' Israel predicts few casualties from war with Iran One of China's richest men, and a close ally of Bo Xilai, the senior Chinese politician who was dramatically purged earlier this month, has been arrested for corruption.  How the West dedemocratised the Middle East  Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has turned off the 4 live webcams in his home following orders from the Chinese authorities An Upgrade, And Bigger Ships, For The Panama Canal Matterhorn disintegrating in the face of global warming Thailand bans film adaption of MacBeth due to antimonarchy overtones Canada Eliminates Penny Costing PennyandaHalf to Make  Businessweek Peru The Only Nation in the World Hitting the Sustainability Sweet Spot The Secret To Germany's Low Youth Unemployment Netanyahu backs Jewish settlers in Hebron, heightens controversy Hungary's president steps down after plagiarism scandal. Semmelweis University revoked Mr Schmitt's doctorate after a special committee concluded he had copied word for word large chunks of his 1992 thesis on Olympic history. Convicting a murderer with no dead body Israeli Foreign Minister If, God forbid, a war with Iran breaks out, it will be a nightmare How Millions Have Been Dying In The Congo  


Forget the Middle East. If you know terrible things have been happening in Central Africa for the past couple of decades, not to say the past couple of centuries, but you can't get the whole story straight in your head, this piece does it for you Commander's words shed light on Taliban views  Group's eastern leader candidly discusses Afghan forces, morality police, and how they might act if return to power. Rupert Murdochs Sky News acknowledges hacking emails, says it was in public interest  Almost 500 websites in China have been defaced in a largescale attack staged by the Anonymous hacking group. Greece Six of the country's universities say they face immediate closure after the recent bondswap reduced their assets to zero. UK's Sky News We hacked in the public interest Egypt sends Christian student to jail for insulting Islam Retiree's Suicide Triggers Riots in Greece  Millionaire's daughter convicted for role as driver for a gang of looters during London riots Gas Prices Hit Record High in Canada  Expected to be higher by end of April.  Crude shortage is said not to be the problem. Japan nuke plant leaks radioactive water again Jim Marshall (Founder of Marshall Amps) died today at 88  New report on human trafficking 2.4 million people are being traded at any one time. 80% of those people are trafficked for sexual exploitation, while 17% are traded to perform forced labor. 2 out of every 3 victims are women, and only 1 out of every 100 victims of trafficking is ever rescued Push for the Right to Die Grows in the Netherlands  NYTimes.com New Zealand MP identifies Finland as a military threat In Hong Kong, only 1,193 of seven million people are eligible to vote for the citys chief executive.  South Sudan Shoots Down Sudanese Jet Russia's Foreign Minister Syria's opposition will never defeat President Bashar alAssad's army even if it is armed to the teeth. Greek Historic Remains Have Become 'Curse'  Faced with massive public debt, Greece is finding that its fabled antiquity heritage is proving a growing burden  with licensed digs postponed, illegal ones proliferating, museum staff trimmed, & valuable pieces stolen. Sky News admits John Darwin email hack IP Above All Else WIPO Defies UN Sanctions To Give Computers To North Korea Syrian troops launched a fierce assault on a Damascus suburb Thursday, days ahead of a deadline for a U.N.brokered ceasefire Almost all Holocaust survivors in Israel feel lonely, some 50,000 said they needed assistance on Passover eve and at least 12,000 will not have heating this holiday South Sudan claims to have shot down Sudanese jet Italian Law Pits Older Workers Against Younger Ones  Prime Minister faces his toughest challenge yet  pushing a labor overhaul. Laws all but guarantee life tenure to older workers, condemning younger ones to temporary jobs. The last 2 attempts to change the law ended in murders. Gaddafi son 'attacked in custody' in Libya, ICC lawyers say Egypt Brotherhood candidate says sharia is main goal Quebec bans fracking pending studies The British government is scrambling to fend off accusations of trying to turn the country into a virtual police state with plans to conduct some trials in secret and allow authorities to track the phone calls, emails, text messages and online activity of the entire population. 2 young Tunisians have been sentenced to 7 years in prison for posting cartoons of the prophet Mohammad on Facebook Ferdinand Porsche, famed sports car designer, dies at age 76 Airline declares kidfree zone Falkvinge Sweden has a fairly good reputation around the world as a good place to live. Did you know that Swedens security authority FRA wiretaps all of Swedens population, all of the time? Assailing Disobedience, Pope Says Women Won't be Ordained  Pope Benedict XVI delivered a scathing homily that reiterated the Catholic Church's ban on female priests.  While not new, it was surprisingly direct & in line with the tone that earned him the moniker God's Rottweiler. Israel's prime minister lambasted German poet and Nobel Prize laureate Guenter Grass on Thursday for saying Israel is a threat to world peace and for calling for international oversight of both Israeli and Iranian nuclear facilities. Russian Police make first arrests under new AntiGay law World News  615 dead dolphins found on Peru beaches; acoustic tests for oil to blame? Why Humans, Like Ants, Need A Tribe  Religion. Sports. War. 
On tribalism, both our greatest and most dangerous genetic inheritance. It is an uncomfortable fact that even when given a guiltfree choice, individuals prefer the company of others of the same race, nation, clan, and religion A View on Gnter Grass Why We Need an OpenDebate on Israel  Is Israel a threat to world peace?  But while the verse may not win any awards, Grass has kicked off an important  and long overdue  debate China steps up pressure to prevent attack on Iran Israeli architect of Oslo accords says Middle East peace process is over Israel's Haaretz Newspaper is reporting that ultraOrthodox rabbis and community leaders routinely use psychiatric drugs at leaders' requests, in order to bring members in line with norms Confusion at the Pumps Big Oil's Strategy for Jacking Up Gas Prices  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International Looting artifacts is on the rise at Apamea, Palmyra, & other archaeological sites in Syria  We have a video showing looters removing mosaics with drills. Museums are being robbed. Smuggling's a problem.  Damage to the heritage of the country is damage to the soul of its people & its identity. Murdoch's Unrivaled Hold On The Australian Press A clampdown on internet gossip in China suggests leaders fear that internal party battles could trigger wider unrest Mali is on brink of major disaster  It's on the brink of a major humanitarian disaster following a coup & rebellion in the north, Amnesty International says Austerity drives up suicide rate in debtridden Greece. Suicide rate jumped about 40% in the first five months of 2011 compared to 2010 Sky News, British Broadcaster With Murdoch Link, Admits to Hacking An Islamist leader who had a $10 million American bounty placed on his head this week has been helping Pakistan deradicalize militants under efforts to stabilize the strategic U.S. ally, a top Pakistani counterterrorism official says. A man kills four people with a sword in Hungary, wounds three others In Russia, Stalin Enjoying A Revival On School Notebooks School notebooks depicting Josef Stalin have become instant bestsellers. Critics decry the attempt to promote the brutal dictator as a Soviet hero in schools. Big brother will be watching you In an unprecedented step that will see Britain adopt the same kind of surveillance as China and Iran, police and intelligence officers are to be handed powers to monitor peoples messages online. The man who allowed 1600 hectares of carbonrich peat forest & orangutan habitat to be razed & turned into a palm oil plantation now says his decision was ''morally wrong'' & claims he did it as a wakeup call  He's also running for reelection Monday in Indonesia
 France tightens grip on super rich France, whether harking back to its revolution, or simply seething with rage at the injustices exposed by the financial crisis, now wants to lead the world in clobbering the megarich Hacktivist 'Hardcore Charlie' says he has hacked a Chinese government defense contractor and stole over 500MB worth of documents ranging from internal business memos to U.S. military transport data, including many related to the U.S. war effort in Afghanistan. Two Iranian naval warships rescue Chinese cargo ship from Somali pirates. Facing Scandal, Russian Orthodox Church Photoshops $30,000 Watch Out of Picture of the Church Leader Wearing It How Murdoch's Aussie Papers Cover Climate Change  All they have to do is create doubt in the public mind to make it much more difficult for politicians to take action.  The most negative coverage is in the Melbourne Herald Sun & the Sydney Daily Telegraph. Hamas executes 3 in Gaza on Saturday, including traitor Bosnians mark 20 years since war began with 11,541 of red chairs are standing empty along Sarajevos main avenue. Avalanche traps over 100 Pakistani soldiers army
 Chinese teenager sells kidney to buy iPhone, iPad; authorities charge 5 people  Greek photographers skull fractured while covering protest; colleagues blame riot police Freedom is Not the Property of the Liberals  
Hungarys controversial prime minister Viktor Orbn gives his 1st interview to an American journalist China admits Anonymous Hacks Anonymous tops the 2012 TIME 100 poll by over 100,000 votes! EPIC Avalanche buries 100 Pakistani soldiers on Himalayan glacier My Uncle bought a painting for 3, found an Andy Warhol original on back, could sell for 1.3 million Tunisia Two Men Sentenced To 7 Years In Prison For Posting Mohammed Cartoons On Facebook Avalanche uries 100 Pakistani troops' in Kashmir Germany proposing to levy extra taxes on the young to pay for the costs of the country's growing numbers of old people, under government plans for a ''demographic reserve'' levy













 Pope Rebukes Priests Who Advocate Ordaining Women And Ending Celibacy Britain's most senior Roman Catholic cleric has urged Christians to wear a cross every day, following a number of cases in which people say their employers have barred them from doing so. Germany debates upping taxes on the young to pay for the old. Turkmenistan leader wins his country's first car race Hamas 3 executed in Gaza, one for 'collaborating' with Israel Liberal Democrats threaten to 'kill' online surveillance plans In St. Petersburg, Russia, two men were arrested on Thursday for holding up a sign reading Homosexuality Is Normal. It marks the first arrests on the strength of the city's new law against disseminating information on homosexuality. 'War on drugs' has failed, say Latin American leaders  Watershed summit will admit that prohibition has failed, and call for more nuanced and liberalised tactics Denmark is (again) elected happiest country in the world. Licensed to spill | BIG oil companies, lead by BP, Total and Shell, have polluted the North Sea with 69 oil and chemical spillages over the last three months, the Sunday Herald can reveal. Tiny Mexican Newspaper leads the fight for truth amid a drug war Two of Latin America's deadliest gangs join forces  authorities say, they have begun to see the first signs that the Zetas are providing paramilitary training and equipment to the Maras in exchange for intelligence and crimes meant to divert lawenforcement resources and attention. North Korea threatens 'merciless punishment' as it readies rocket launch  Beginning in 2005, the US helped train members of the MujahideeneKhalq (MEK), a group designated as a terrorist organization by the State Department   The Danish navy has had to release 17 Somali pirates  noone was prepared to prosecute them. Two of Latin America's deadliest gangs join forces Actor playing Judas accidently hangs himself El Salvador's gang truce  A promising truce brokered by the Church that has reduced homicides by an average of 10 people per day should be upheld BBC News  Tunisians jailed for posting 'Naked Muhammad' cartoons Vang Vieng, Laos the world's most unlikely party town BBC News  Home Office website blocked; 'Anonymous' hackers blamed Malawi's Banda becomes Africa's third female head of state  Vice President Joyce Banda took over as Malawi's president on Saturday. Her first challenge restoring relations with donor nations to the poverty stricken nation.  Greek drama as talk show host attacked with flour and egg whilst interviewing a a representative from a neonazi party Chinas Cash Buys Inroads in Caribbean East Timor a lesson in why the poorest threaten the powerful German Nobel literature laureate Guenter Grass, under fire for a poem that sharply criticized Israel, said he was singling out the Jewish state's government, not the country as a whole. Malis coup leader said the junta would hand power to civilians within days in a deal under which neighbouring nations agreed to lift sanctions and help tackle Tuareg rebels who have seized much of the north.
 Himalayan avalanche buried scores of Pakistani troops  Chinese tycoon goes to trial for bribery Yemen air force, US drone kill 24 alQaida suspects So what did the troll actually say? Why exactly is Liam Stacey in jail? The Danish Government has set a goal of running the entire country on renewable energy by 2050. Russian businessman killed three homeinvaders with a kitchen knife after they attacked his family and held his sevenmonthold grandson at gunpoint. He now faces a life sentence for what may be qualified as a triple murder. Falkvinge We are Winning  How Pirate Parties are Changing the World Healthy competition in the NHS is a sick joke. Privatisation of UK's National Health Service leading to a socalled market is a mockery. From the Delhi police Why women deserve to be raped Japan deploys missile batteries as North Korea readies missile launch.  Home again in Mexico Villagers are home again as the illegal immigration boom drops to net zero North Korea moves rocket into place for launch Canada's proposed purchase of the F35 Joint Strike Fighter has been thrown into turmoil...In response to the April 3 [2012] auditor's report, the Canadian government has capped its funding for the F35 project and, in an unprecedented move, will take the procurement out of the hands of the DND. Sony to cut estimated 10,000 jobs. Mom slams drug rehab centre run by Scientologists  Canada  CBC News Anonymous says plans more attacks against China sites
| Reuters German poet declared unwelcome in Israel Syrian forces fire on Turkish refugee camp.

Reports that two people have been killed and at least 15 injured ahead of UN ceasefire deadline
 Pakistani prime minister states the Pakistani president's visit to India was suggested and urged by China. ...Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani on Sunday said that opening of trade with India would go a long way in promoting stability in the region bring the two countries closer. Nigeria car bomb leaves 38 dead In Sweden, a debate over whether gender equality has gone too far To Be a Woman in Pakistan Six Stories of Abuse, Shame, and Survival   Saudi Princess What I'd Change About My Country   It doesn't include allowing women to drive  India's Census Lots of Cellphones, too Few Toilets Turkey reacts with anger as Syrian forces open fire across border Bahrain crackdown Opposition in dire need of media spotlight What North Koreans really think of Kim JongUnNorth Korean phone calls along the Chinese border by using Chinese signals telephony signals Nine miners still trapped in Peru as rescue efforts look like they will be delayed because of structural efforts.  Food, water and oxygen being supplied by a metal tube. NZ police mysteriously lose video of Megaupload raid Invisible Children, Makers of KONY2012, Spied For Ugandan Regime WikiLeaks Norway's mass killer Breivik 'declared sane' 3000 dead dolphins found north of Peru. ...as far as enlisted experts can tell, offshore oil exploration in the region is the most likely culprit. Latin American countries to U.S. The war on drugs is not working Wikileaks shows Invisible Children spied for Uganda, and backed an operation that killed more civilians than militants. Fighting to Stem its Growing Debt, Spanish Town Considers Cultivating Cannabis Japan's Sony more than doubles net loss forecast to $6.4 billion An imam in France has approved the marriage of two men who had previously married in South Africa, where samesex marriage is legal, but the French government refuses to recognize it. Committee for Human Rights in North Korea publishes report detailing torture, forced abortions and public executions in a vast network of secret political camps. (PHOTOS, 6.3 MB .pdf report) Like it or not, there was better rule of law under the Taliban,  Afghanistans dancing boys are invisible victims Revealed lobbyists' plans to hijack 'people's petitions'.

Bell Pottinger memo offers to help clients shape EU law  despite ban on business involvement
 President Mugabe 'close to death' North Korea Prison Camps 150,000 Languish In Secret Gulags, Human Rights Group Says Twitter helps free kidnapped South African from trunk of his car China launches new 650 MW nuclear reactor Syria ceasefire fighting continues as deadline passes Iran to Cut Off the Internet, Replace With Clean Alternative A museum that has honored Josef Stalin in Georgia since 1937 is being remodeled to exhibit the atrocities that were committed during the Soviet dictator's rule. Japan Policeman in schoolgirl uniform arrested for flashing China records $5.35 billion trade surplus in March Syria Homs activists resort to pigeons to communicate Drought is so severe in parts of Britain that for the 1st time 2 regions will trade water to supply over 100,000 homes in the worsthit areas  Severn Trent to sell 30 million litres of water a day to Anglian Water, 1 of 7 companies that imposed a hosepipe ban last week Water supplies may start running out by 2030 Chart The mindboggling rise in Asian coal consumption 8.7 Earthquake outside Indonesia Political Revolution in Germany Pirate Party is Country's Third Strongest Party in New Poll ...the political newcomers currently enjoy 13% of voter support and are now the third most popular party in the country ahead of the Greens, which lagged behind at 11%.  Man jailed for 11 years for burning down Familyrun furniture shop during London riots Philippine warship in standoff with China vessels The Muslim Brotherhood,which now controls the parliament of Egypt, Presidential candidate Khairat alShater declares the goal of the Muslim Brotherhood movement is the establishment of a global Islamic State. North Korea Is Lying About Its Rocket Launch, SatelliteWatchers Show Canadians favour higher taxes to fight inequality  poll  RT News Spain Is on the Bleeding Edge of a New European Crisis Spains 709 billion euros of sovereign debt is roughly twice that of Greece, Ireland, and Portugal combined Elite female night raiders break down barriers in Afghanistan Argentina Grieving Parents Find Baby Alive in Morgue  BP faces shareholder revolt over chief executive Bob Dudley's 4m pay, despite a depressed stock price US judge rules UK parliamentary committee cannot be shown evidence of UK involvement in renditions WWF Russia setting up park to save leopards Iraq's fugitive vicepresident says two more of his bodyguards have been tortured to death by security forces during a terrorism investigation. President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims that Iran has as much hard currency as they need, and they can stop selling crude oil for at least two to three years.  Baby ruled stillborn is found alive 12 hours late in Argentine morgue World News  'Happy tears' as Peru miners are rescued after six days trapped underground Timbuktu scholars, librarians, & ordinary citizens hiding tens of thousands of historic texts & priceless ancient manuscripts from rebels  The rebels may have an educated leadership, but they're sending in footsoldiers who won't have any respect for paper culture.  Dutch conservative coalition govt has signaled since January that it intended to prohibit khat, the mild stimulant plant from the Horn of Africa, and now, indications are that the ban will happen soon The number of poor people in Greece without access to medical care is on the rise, and the NGO Doctors of the World has warned the economic crisis is taking its toll on people's health.  Jordan to revoke citizenship of Palestinian Authority, PLO officials; move coincides with a new electoral law in Jordan that seeks to limit Palestinian representation in parliament Philippine warship in standoff with Chinese ships China names exleader's wife in murder case  Former star Bo Xilai sacked from Communist Party leadership and wife named as suspect in death of British businessman. Entire Indian ocean on tsunami watch following 8.7mag earthquake near Aceh. Greece offers copforhire service renting out policemen for $39 per hour to raise cash North Korea missile launch expected in next 24 to 48 hours Australia's most seniorranked Catholic says Jews 'intellectually and morally inferior' 7.0 Earthquake Mexico the third big quake today North Korea doesn't launch missile but tension remains. Chinese workers in Zimbabwe are buying up the local wildlife for dinner, feasting on endangered tortoises, pythons, leopards  and even village dogs. China Deletes Thousands of Online Posts Amid Scandal 6.2 Earthquake Followed By A 6.9 In Gulf Of California Fear of Honor Killings Immigrants Flee Families to Find Themselves   Hundreds of young female immigrants are hiding from their families in Germany after fleeing oppression, physical violence and even death threats.  Iceland's volcanoes may power UK The energy minister is to visit Iceland in May to discuss connecting the UK to its abundant geothermal energy
 German brother and sister in incestuous relationship lose European Court of Human Rights case. Germany 'is entitled to ban incest'. A bus carrying foreign journalists in North Korea takes a wrong turn, giving them a rare glimpse of everyday life in the secretive nation. Unemployment in Greece hits new record high of 21.8 percent Tony Blair channels Ronald Reagan, doesn't remember sending dissidents to Libya for torture Hen Swedens new gender neutral pronoun causes controversy. Wrong Turn Grants Glimpse Behind N. Korean Curtain  NPR For every kilo of cocaine that is seized, we want to be compensated 50 percent by the consumer countries, said Perez recently, arguing its the USs responsibility to pick up more of the counterdrug tab for the regions poorest nations. China sends 3rd ship in standoff with Philippines Bolivian judge defends divination technique  has rejected calls to resign after he admitted reading coca leaves to help him make decisions. Women in Uzbekistan Forcibly or Unknowingly Sterilized By the Gov't EFF Polish digital civil rights group recently published harrowing findings regarding abuses of Polands mandatory data retention law Frances Socialists Promise to Withdraw French Troops From Afghanistan by 2013 Syria refugees ridicule Assads commitment to peace  His words are all gibberish. This ceasefire wont last long. Assad has been promising this for a year. I dont think hell withdraw either his tanks or his troops.  Erased Why Tens of Thousands of Haitian Youth Do Not Officially Exist  Dominican laws have stripped citizenship from many young people of Haitian descent, barring them from legal employment, education, even marriage. MI6 antiterrorism officials' phone call is recorded and leaked on internet by hacking group TeamPoison 'Tortured' Libyan wants answers from Blair  A Libyan military commander who is suing the British Government over its alleged complicity in his rendition and torture yesterday demanded answers from Tony Blair and Jack Straw.  Oxford University and the Vatican Library to digitize 1.5 million pages of ancient texts and images and make them freely available online ACTA Suffers Major Setback; European Parliament Will Seemingly Reject Legislation North Korea launches longrange rocket | YONHAP NEWS At Fallujah hospital they cannot offer any statistics on children born with birth defects  there are just too many. Parents dont want to talk. Families bury their newborn babies after they die without telling anyone, Antigay adverts which were scheduled to be on London buses have been blocked by the conservative mayor of London Boris Johnson   Hundreds of orangutans killed in north Indonesian forest fires deliberately started by palm oil firms. Christian antigay adverts to be placed on London buses London mayor sued after banning Christian group's antigay ads on buses 14YearOld Girls to be Charged with Attempted Murder in Beating of Classmate with Disability
 'Gay Cure' Buses Banned in London North Korea launches rocket; rocket broke apart after launch, U.S. official said. BBC News  Can a hallucinogen from Africa cure addiction? Obese bodies have led to fire emergencies at several German crematoriums. EU Rapporteur Deals Major Blow To ACTA; Recommends Rejection By European Parliament Iran We do not want nuclear weapons Nobel laureate banned from Israel over critical poem says only other countries that excluded him were East Germany and Burma Spain warned Argentina Friday it risks becoming an international pariah if it tries to wrest control of energy company Repsols majority stake in its South American YPF unit, raising tensions between the 2 nations & sending Repsols shares plunging Why North Korea's launch failure was the worst possible outcome, second only to striking China. Failed rocket launch could push North Korea to conduct nuclear test GMO Tree Field Trial Destroyed in New Zealand EU Threatens Bank Bonus Clampdown  Average bonuses paid to bank executives across the EU is 122% of basic pay, & for other staff (mainly traders) it was 139%.  However, in 1 unnamed country,  averages were 220% & 313% respectively, & in 1 case a bonus was over 9 times the basic pay. Portugal considers 'Terabyte Tax'  money grabbing legislation in an ailing economy The opposition  Portuguese Socialist Party  proposes a new tax on storage devices, all in the name of copyright protection  yet all but killing off HDD sales in the country. London university with 20% Muslim population considers alcoholfree zones Call for compulsory contraception in the Netherlands  The Netherlands needs legal provisions to allow compulsory contraception for serious drug addicts, psychiatric patients and the mentally handicapped.  Muslim Woman's Bra Photo Sparks Controversy Israel is forcing airlines to cancel flights of +1000 peace activitists trying to visit the Palestinian West Bank. The richest, fattest nation on Earth (is not the United States) U.S. Allies Call for Drug Legalisation An increasingly large chorus of nations  ravaged by trafficking and violence  say it's now time to rethink international drug policy. Condemned to die shortly after birth for being a girl, outspoken Afghan member of parliament Fawzia Koofi lived to become a champion of women's rights and is now eyeing the presidency in 2014. A North Korean Press Bus Took A Wrong Turn And 
Showed Journalists The Real Pyongyang  Catalonia village says yes to drugs.Residents of the village voted on a plan to plant cannabis on a large scale as a way out of the financial crisis. One of Italy's top universities has sent shockwaves through the country's higher education system by announcing that from 2014 its courses will be taught exclusively in English. The radical move by Milan's Politecnico university will . . . 'contribute to the growth of the country'. B.C. movie theatres now eligible for liquor licences (Canada)  B.C. Supreme Court justice strikes down section of medical marijuana law  We took THC and cannabis away from pharmaceuticals this morning and put it back in peoples backyards where they can make their own medicines. 

 Guatemalan President responds to Obama, and continues to push drug decriminalization at the Summit of the Americas in Cartagena Some Canadian Health Experts Have Noticed The Drug War and Tough on Crime Things Not Working So Well Leaders rethink the war on drugs at Summit of the Americas  Latin American leaders are pushing to make a Cartagena summit a moment that sparks the world to redefine its approach to drugs. Stephen Harper, and U.S. President Barack Obama, have vowed to stand in the way. In rare move, North Korea admits to missile failure Investment in food commodities by banks and hedge funds has risen from $65bn to $126bn (41bn to 79bn) in the past five years,helping to push prices to 30year highs and causing sharp price fluctuations that have little to do with the actual supply of food, says the United Nations' leading expert Panama Castaways Were Spotted By Cruise Ship Passengers  And Ignored By Ship's Captain   2 of the 3 later died Glencore, the commodity and mining firm worth 27bn, stands accused in the Democratic Republic of Congo of dumping raw acid and profiting from children working 150ft underground. Teen protester 'shot in chest' in Bahrain Boy among several people wounded when police opened fire as thousands joined funeral procession Report German ship carrying Iranian arms bound for Syria stopped at sea Canada issues glowinthedark dinosaur quarter Norwegian gunman Breivik determined to somehow prove that killing 77 people, most of them teenagers, was an act of selfdefense A Russian City Always on the Watch Against Being Sucked Into the Earth Sarkozy  rarely is a world leader caught in such a blatant lie. Embarrassed by rocket crash, North Korea may try nuclear test BBC News  Syria ceasefire Security forces 'fire at protesters' The Royal Canadian Mint wants to get rid of pocket change  and it's enlisting hackertypes for help. Less than a week after the government announced the penny's impending death, the Mint quietly unveiled its digital currency called MintChip. Columbia calls on US and Canada to decriminalize drugs Kuwaiti lawmakers voted in favour of a legal amendment that would make insulting God and the Prophet Mohammed punishable by death, following a furore over a Shiite man who allegedly posted defamatory material on Twitter Three people in Brazil arrested for killing women and using their flesh to make empanadas MPAAAffiliated AntiPiracy Group Mysteriously Disappears INFACT  the MPAAs eyes and ears in Ireland  has simply disappeared. There has been no announcement as to its fate and its website, INFACT.ie, has completely gone. Argentinian Farmers take on Monsanto and Philip 
Morris over epidemic of birth defects Pakistan's parliament votes unanimously to demand an end to US drone strikes Photo of Muslim Woman Holding Bra Causes Tensions  Canada The United Nations Security Council has unanimously voted to authorise the deployment of unarmed observers to Syria to monitor the country's ceasefire. North Korea's leader Kim Jongun speaks publicly for the first time Multiple blasts and gunfire have been heard in the 
centre of Kabul. School revolution on the way?  India's Supreme Court upholds law forcing private schools to admit poor students. The move is lauded by some as an equalizer on par with the decision to desegregate American schools in the 1960s.
 400 inmates escape from prison in Pakistan Farright antiMuslim network on rise globally as Breivik trial opens. Taliban launch assaults across Afghanistan  Suicide bombers have struck in Kabul and other sites across Afghanistan. The attacks show that militants still remain a potent force capable of hitting at the heart of the capital.  Egyptian election officials have barred 10 candidates from the presidential poll, including former spy chief Omar Suleiman and the Muslim Brotherhood's Khairat alShater. Japan Seeks Nuclear Restart Amidst Opposition In Nigeria, a Preview of an Overcrowded Planet  NYTimes.com Series of attacks shake Kabul  Kabul  Embassies targeted in Taliban 'spring offensive'  Iran nuclear talks seen as 'constructive and useful'  Iran and six world powers held constructive and useful talks Saturday in Turkey as international diplomats seek to persuade Tehran to rein in its nuclear program. Vicar goes to the hospital with a potato in his anus Italy goes big to save Venice as it sinks into the sea
A multibilliondollar floodprevention system will be put in place starting next year, a decade after the project began. British businessman, Neil Heywood, was 'poisoned by cyanide drops' in China With one week to go before France heads to the polls for a first round of voting, presidential rivals Franois Hollande and Nicolas Sarkozy are set to stage competing rallies in Paris on Sunday, in a last ditch effort to woo voters.  A 17yearold high school student has been detained on suspicion of trying to blackmail billionaire Suleiman Kerimov and a St. Petersburg city official into paying him a combined $11 million No one was murdered in El Salvador on Saturday, in what was the first homicidefree day in nearly three years. Sweden Grants Religious Recognition To FileSharing Church Sweden has accepted that a 'church' which believes in filesharing as a religion a move that will not please the Hollywood studios Spain's 74yearold king came under scathing criticism Sunday for going on an expensive elephant hunting trip in Botswana amid the nation's deep financial woes. Spanish newspapers were filled with accounts of how hunting trips to Botswana cost more than most Spaniards earn in a year.  Former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, calls on US to legalize drugs This war on drugs is totally lost.  Indian skeptic charged with blasphemy for revealing secret behind miracle of weeping cross. The notion that democracy and capitalism are interlinked is nonsense To the world's military leaders, the debate over climate change is long over. They are preparing for a new kind of Cold War in the Arctic, anticipating that rising temperatures there will open up a treasure trove of resources, longdreamedof sea lanes and a slew of potential conflicts. ACTA suffers major blow following European rejection call In Latin America, 'critical mass' urges end to drug war  BBC News  Norway puts Anders Behring Breivik on trial for murder China Now Tops U.S. in Space Launches Unified Latin America Challenges Failed US/Canada Policies on Drug War, Cuba, and Finance Canada and US left in isolation in a vote on a resolution to put an end to Cuba's exclusion (322 vote) at a meeting of foreign ministers that was to approve documents to be signed by the presidents. Switzerland will allow banks to hand over the names of any employees and other third parties who helped wealthy Americans evade taxes to U.S. prosecutors, a Swiss newspaper reported on Saturday [14 April 2012]. Some Asian glaciers are defying the global trend and growing. Mexico Passes Climate Law, Only 2nd in the World Unprecedented Latin American opposition to U.S. sanctions on Cuba left President Barack Obama isolated at a summit on Sunday and illustrated Washington's declining influence in a region being aggressively courted by China. Summit of the Americas ends in acrimony A Unified Latin America Challenges Failed US/Canada Policies on the Drug War, Cuba, & Finance  Last Summit of the Americas without Cuba sees an alternative rise to challenge the old hegemony of outdated US policies; Argentina walked out over impasses The British businessman whose murder has sparked political upheaval in China was poisoned after he threatened to expose a plan by a Chinese leader's wife to move money abroad.  Norway massmurder suspect that killed 77, claims selfdefense Starting this summer, the Center for Copyright Information (CCI) will start to track down pirates as part of an agreement between the MPAA, RIAA and all the major ISPs. After six warnings ISPs may take a variety of measures against offenders, including bandwidth throttling and disconnections. Spain's King Juan Carlos under fire over elephant hunting trip Israeli TV report shows air force gearingup for Iran attack, says moment of truth is near  the report ... was remarkable both in terms of the access granted to the reporter ... and in the fact that his assessments on the strike were cleared by the military censor. Dutch Pirate Party ordered to shut down Pirate Bay proxy within 6 hours, or face a fine of 10,000 euros per day. Drought Causing Desperation on Farms in England  Although the public are aware of the drought, they're disconnected from the stark situation.  Farmers must plan for a future with much less water. Despite innocent verdict, blasphemy accused shot dead in Pakistan Ten police officers were arrested after the owner of a used autoparts business filed a complaint accusing the officers of kidnapping and torturing him because he refused to pay them a bribe. He was burned to death inside his home in Juarez right before he was scheduled to testify.  About 150 Afghan schoolgirls poisoned in antieducation attack The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the current emergency wiretap provision that allows for surveillance without a court order is unconstitutional. Quebec shuts down Scientologylinked Narconon center for dangerous practices; Narconon treated drug addicts with purification treatments concocted by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. Scientology's medical claims are widely considered to be prime examples of quackery The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms has replaced the American Bill of Rights as the constitutional document most emulated by other nations. While the presidents of Guatemala, Colombia, Costa Rica and El Salvador have voiced support for an end to the drug war, President Obama rejected their calls for drug legalization during highlevel talks at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia. Where do France's election candidates stand? Learn the French presidential candidates' stances on everything from economy and migration to foreign policy and the EU.  Palestinian man sentenced to death for selling home to Jews Israel forces tourist to pledge to avoid proPalestinian activities as condition for entry. Tim BernersLee urges UK Government to drop internet surveillance plans Prime Minister Julia Gillard says Australia will withdraw its troops from Afghanistan earlier than planned Argentina has nationalised YPF, the former and once again state oil company, as a matter of public interest King of Spain faces calls to abdicate after elephant hunt The King of Spain who is recovering in hospital after injuring his hip during a fall while elephant hunting in Botswana faced calls to abdicate amid growing controversy over the trip.  Pakistan building its own fleet of military drones Former NASA Astrophysicist and Microsoft Chairman appointed interim prime minister of Mali. Spain Vows Argentina Trade War as Repsol Seeks $10.5 Billion Canadian commercial airline pilot mistook the planet Venus for an oncoming aircraft, sending his own plane into a dive and injuring 16 people.  Imagining Cuba after Chvez   Venezuela provides Cuba with up to $15 billion a year, which helps offset the US embargo. But there is the real possibility Chvez may not win or survive another sixyear term as president. Earthquake reported in Chile M6.5   Hacienda La Calera, Chile 20120417 035017 UTC The Bollywood actress Meenakshi Thapar, who appeared in last year's thriller 404, was recently kidnapped and murdered in a gruesome manner.  Volcano Erupts within View of Mexico City 20 buried Spitfires found in Burma Spanish King Juan Carlos spends 27,000 to murder elephants while his country drowns in debt and half of youngsters are jobless Baby with six legs born in Pakistan, the father is an Xray technician JeanLuc Mlenchon's policies are no farleft fantasy (No wonder the Left Front candidate is on the rise in France. He offers practical solutions where neoliberalism has failed) Picture of Afghan Girl screaming after suicide bombing wins Pulitzer Prize EU may reject ACTA Batch of dinosaur eggs found in Russia's Chechnya region Inhabitants of Fucking to vote for namechange after $20K signs are stolen Israels Minister of Intelligence and Atomic Energy Agrees Ahmadinejad Never Said Israel 'Must Be Wiped Off the Map' Iranian Girl Jumps onto Ahmadinejads Car to lecture him about how to run his country. The president listened to what she had to say. Britain destroyed records of colonial crimes US Strike on N. Korea Possible if Nuclear Test Held  KBS WORLD Gulf seafood deformities alarm scientists  Features  Al Jazeera English U.N. Wives Urge Syrian First Lady Stop your husband Photographs apparently showing soldiers posing with body parts of a dead insurgent drew strong condemnation on Wednesday from American officials and the ambassador in Afghanis The Australian government gives over $4 billion in direct subsidies to mining companies each year, according to a report commissioned by Australian activist group GetUp, aiming to pressure the feds to cut subsidies 




 A newlydiscovered field in Iran is considered among one of the biggest light crude oil fields discovered in the world in the past decade according to official news sources. Is humanity quietly abandoning a future in space? Swedish Minister of Culture celebrates with the circumcision of negro cake Saudi might soon set minimum marriage age
 Spanish king I'm sorry, I made a mistake and it won't happen again. Saudi Arabia Readers respond to Saudi princesss call for change Union Activists are Being Murdered South Korean government moves to censor racist remarks online Dismembered bodies found in Mexico town  Remains of 14 men found stuffed inside a minivan in Nuevo Laredo that is often a flashpoint for the country's drug war. Civil liberties trump fight on terror, Canadians say Large minority favour requiring citizens to carry I.D. cards at all times, poll finds Netanyahu defends his comparison of Iran to the Nazi Holocaust Angry North Korea threatens retaliation, nuclear test expected
| Reuters U.S. Soldiers Pose With Bodies Of Suicide Bombers In Afghanistan  Cruise Ship Saw Them, But Didn't Help Drifting Boat, Passengers Say  
After 28 days at sea, only 1 of the 3 men aboard an injured Panama fishing boat was still alive Discovery of world's largest colony of leatherback 
sea turtle may see species removed from critically 
endangered list Soldier's daughter hacked to death, hunts down killers in 5 days China to Officially Stop Repatriating North Korean 
Refugees Drifting fishermen died after luxury cruise liner sailed past but didn't stop A video of a 17yearold girl being gang raped spread by cell phones through South Africa on Wednesday, shocking a nation battling an epidemic of violence against women. A new father in India became enraged when his wife gave birth to a girl. He then allegedly took out this frustration on the young infant, and has been accused of stuffing the young childs mouth with clothes, battering her with a blunt object and biting her. She passed away.. India tests missile capable of reaching China, Europe Bollywood actress kidnapped and beheaded by actors EU agrees to hand over airline passenger data to U.S New Bill in the UK wants internet to be censored from porn by default The Bill wants technology for filtering out porn to be provided at point of sale on every Internet enabled electronic device that can download content Kim Jongil calls for peace with South Korea in 'will' Rotting from within The Massive Corruption in the Chinese Military A life destroyed by cowardly acid attack. She calls herself the voice of the people, the antisystem candidate who will ensure social justice for the havenots and purify a France she says is losing its voice to Europe and threatened by massive immigration and rampant Islamization. 3,000 Ancient Buddhas Unearthed in China Israel's Deputy Prime Minister Dan Meridor admitted that Iranian President Ahmadinejad never said Iran wanted to wipe Israel off the face of the map in an interview with Al Jazeera Merkel ally says Islam not part of Germany
 Labour MP Tom Watson News Corp operated like 'shadow state' NZ ISP Issues First Music Piracy 3rd Strike 6 months after the socalled Skynet law was introduced, local ISP TelstraClear has confirmed that one of its customers is the unlucky recipient of a third and final enforcement warning, delivered on behalf of RIANZ Taliban commander turns himself in demanding $100 reward offered on his own 'Wanted' poster BBC News  South Korea deploys cruise missiles amid North tensions Spain Is Doomed Why Austerity Is Destroying Europe ... but the beatings will continue until bond yields improve! How the Goldman Vampire Squid Captured Europe Europeans are being hoodwinked into relinquishing their cherished democracy to a rogue band of financial pirates, and the rest of the world is not far behind. Australian human rights lawyer and WikiLeaks supporter is placed on a watch list and prevented from flying home without government permission After an epic four year legal battle, the Australian High Court has upheld previous rulings that ISP iiNet is not responsible for the copyright infringements of its customers. Poland Announces Complete Ban on Monsantos Genetically Modified Maize
 Plane Crashes in Pakistan With 127 On Board 'Huge' Water Resources Exist Under Africa, by Matt McGrath of BBC News (RT)  A Sri Lankan woman is currently facing decapitation by sword on a witchcraft charge in Saudi Arabia, in accordance with Wahhabism, a strict form of Sunni Islam Anonymous takes down Formula One website in suppport of Bahranini protests Critics say Vladimir Putin has amassed a secret multibillion dollar fortune contrary to his modest 'man of the people' image; may be one of the richest in the world North Korea threatens to low up' Seoul Homosexuals inferior to dogs and pigs, says Iranian cleric Convinced that the United States is in decline, China's distrust is growing of the longtime superpower which it sees as bent on holding back the Asian power's rise, an influential scholar says. Australian High Court unanimously dismisses case that would force ISPs to be accountable for users illegal downloading Foreign Policy He's Not Alone The trial of Norway's alleged mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik is only the tip of the iceberg in a rising sea of radical Islamophobia in Europe. Vietnamese Seek Help with Mystery Illness  Health officials in Vietnam have international experts for help in identifying a strange illness that has killed 19 people, but so far defies explanation.  Thousands of protesters have massed in Tahrir Square in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to demonstrate against continuing military rule. Australian High court throws out Hollywood Consortium appeal in favour of Aussie ISP iiNet  groundbreaking precedent set for all Common Law nations (Aus, UK, Canada) preventing ISPs from terminating customers for copyright infringement. Neil Heywood was killed after his threat to expose Chinese leader's wife Worlds richest 40 people worth $1 trillion. North Korea has vowed to launch satellites one after another, vigorously rejecting international condemnation of an April 13 launch that was seen overseas as a disguised ballistic missile test. Anders Breivik describes Norway island massacre Australian ISP iiNet wins historic copyright case brought against it by Hollywood News Corp is Toxic Shadow State  British MPs Murdoch's News Corp facing growing legal threat in US Report Plane with 127 aboard crashes in Pakistan Germany and France's joint proposal to allow Schengenzone countries to temporarily reintroduce border controls as a means of last resort might sound harmless. But doing so would damage one of the strongest symbols of European unity and perhaps even contribute to the EU's demise. A uniform combining the name of a police force with a private company logo is being worn in Lincolnshire, England Kenya rangers shoot dead five suspected poachers Mayor Supports $800,000,000 Ancient Rome Theme Park Planned  in Rome__The idea, which may be funded by the Emir of Qatar, is to give tourists a chance to do things such as race chariots & take Roman baths. One critic likens the plan to building a zoo in the jungle.  Black firefighter 'tasered as he tried to help police'  Worlds Largest Solar Field Switched on in India Coral gardens that were among Asia's most spectacular, teeming with colorful sea life just a few months ago, have been transformed into desolate gray moonscapes by illegal fishermen who use explosives or cyanide to kill or stun their prey. Dutch government falls, loses majority support after AntiIslam party walks out of spending cutnegotiations. New elections likely to be held later in 2012 Japan to write off $3.7bn Burma debt  Joint plans could give Japanese firms a head start in winning business in what is seen as one of Asia's last frontier markets In a bid to quash an investigation into his wife for the murder of Neil Heywood, Bo Xilai had at least seven people seized and tortured two to death, according to a document read out to Chinese government officials.  Norwegians value respecting killer's human rights  even when he showed no respect for the lives of others In Argentina's Dirty War 35 years ago, soldiers pushed pregnant women out of planes. Should Argentina prosecute them now? The Stubborn Past | Foreign Policy Bahain 'Man shot dead' in protest ahead of Grand Prix Richard Benyon, the UK environment minister destroying what he is paid to protect With his lucrative Benyon's Inclosure quarrying project, the environment minister risks a shameless conflict of interests BBC News  Gay marriage 'nothing to fear', say senior 
Anglicans China warns of war against US over South China Sea Assassination plot foiled? Afghanistan arrests five with 11 tons of explosives Students protesting tuition hikes in Montreal begin to riot in response to police brutality and government neglect.   Kuwait New Law Mandates Death Penalty For Anyone Who Insults Islam Iranian diplomat accused of child molestation in Brazil  cites cultural differences Bahrain protester found dead. Salah Abbas Habib died after being beaten by riot police on eve of Bahrain Grand Prix. Footage of Australian police shoot teenagers in joyride when pedestrians are threatened, then bashing one when he's lying on the ground China warns India of arrogance over missile launch China Political scandal over death of Neil Heywood draws attention to how Chinese officials make  and spend  illgotten fortunes Australian High Court rules against the Music and Movie industry in making ISP iiNet accountable for for illegal downloads. Cops raid McDonald's in Denmark, arrest illegal workers.
 Petrol bombs vs stun grenades Clashes in Bahrain ahead of F1 Grand Prix 
500 New Fairy Tales from the 1800s Discovered in 
Germany Anonymous hacks Formula One servers and dumps redacted info on attendees of the event today in Bahrain in an effort to force media attention on the yearlong violent crackdown against protesters Irish priest takes leave after accidentally showing indecent images to room full of parents after putting memory stick in laptop.  Falkvinge Sweden likes to pretend it champions net freedom, but does the exact opposite itself did you know that Sweden has given the copyright industry powers of net surveillance that even the Police dont have? Vast Mexico Bribery Case Hushed Up by WalMart
After TopLevel Struggle Confronted with evidence of widespread corruption in Mexico, top WalMart executives focused more on damage control than on rooting out wrongdoing Health Canada Some of the world's biggest food brands and leading organic labels have understated the amount of bad nutrients  such as fat, sugar and sodium  in their products, including Kraft, Frito Lay, Unilever and Heinz Iran says it has recovered data from captured U.S. spy drone uzbekistan carrying out forced sterilisations Vast Mexico Bribery Case Hushed Up by WalMart
After TopLevel Struggle. WalMart de Mexico orchestrated a campaign of bribery to win market dominance We Can Save the Aw Tribe  
As the successful survival of other Amazon Indian tribes shows, protecting their way of life rather than imposing that of the west is the best way to keep them intact Afghanistan's first female film director risks death to go to work every day Rage boils in Bahrain's streets but Grand Prix still on Hollande top Sarkozy in French vote, Le Pen surges. Iran has begun building a copy of the US surveillance drone it captured last year, after breaking its encryption codes, Iranian officials say. 120,000 Czechs march in Prague They want an end to austerity cuts, the resignation of the government and early parliamentary elections. Vietnam Baffled by Skin Disease  Seeks international help for a mystery skin infection that's already killed 19 & made 170 others ill. It begins with a rash on the hands & feet it can progress to liver problems & multiple organ failure.  Dutch Trains Collide; Dozens Injured BBC News  Closeup The Dutch village with no roads South Korea's own Missile Challenge S. Korea has a missile with a range of up 1,000 to 1,500 kilometers, enabling it to strike anywhere within North Korean territory and  knock out any North Korean weapons.  Tired of austerity, many Portuguese returning to the land  Disillusioned by the unfulfilled promise of the cities and feeling stifled by tough austerity measures aimed at coping with an economic downturn, some Portuguese are opting out and returning to the land. 15 killed in Mexican bar  
A group of masked gunmen stormed a popular bar in Chihuahua killing 15 people, including 2 journalists. The Arab Spring may have helped usher in a new era of government surveillance  ... about $50 worth of storage could keep the information identifying the individual locations of one million people, at five minute intervals, 24 hours a day, for a full year. Satellite tracks Sudan oil damage Bahrain Grand Prix riot squads, teargas and petrol bombs as protesters claim police beat Shia gardener to death Trains collide in Amsterdam, 125 injured US to sanction authoritarian regimes that block internet access for protesters White killer whale adult spotted for first time in wild Turkey says Israel not welcome at NATO summit Norway Killer Picked Victims Who Had Leftist Look  The man who killed 77 people last summer to protest at Muslim immigration to Europe said he believed he could tell the ideology of his prospective massacre victims by looking at them, and tried to spare one who appeared rightwing. MI6 officer found dead in a locked holdall. Coroner describes death as controversial Greenpeace took samples from nine wellknown tea companies in China. Twelve of the 18 samples contained at pesticides. Egypt cancels Israeli gas contract  Termination of 20year deal, which provided 40% of Israel's natural gas, seen as sign of fraying relations between allies
 Iran oil sector hit by 'cyber attack' If this ruling is upheld, YouTube will be held liable for the contents uploaded by its users.  New German law forcing Youtube to pay copyright fines Tsunamiswept soccer ball found in Alaska; returned to Japanese teen Hollande beats Sarkozy in French vote, both in round 
2 Thousands of scientists from 67 countries have called for an international agreement to close the Arctic high seas to commercial fishing until research reveals more about the freshly exposed waters Half of Iran's tanker fleet storing oil at sea  Unable to sell due to sanctions The U.S. military has stockpiled  $800 million worth of weapons in Israel. Israel may use the weapons in case of emergency.  Dan Bull & Pirate Bay Attack the Music Charts With Sharing Is Caring Dan attempts to break into the UK and international singles charts without the backing of a label and show that with the help of a free Internet and BitTorrent, there is another way. Twoyearold boy with IQ of 154 made member of Mensa CBS 60 Minutes on Palestinians Christians and why they are leaving The exodus from the Holy Land of Palestinian Christians could eventually leave holy cities like Jerusalem and Bethlehem without a local Christian population. A Muslim mob set ablaze a Catholic church frequented by Southern Sudanese in the capital Khartoum, witnesses and media reports said on Sunday. Indian campaign demands 'Right to Pee' for women UN to investigate plight of US Native Americans for first time PM Rutte resigns Dutch cabinet fell (Dutch source)  On sixth day of trial for murder of 77 people, Breivik explains how he picked off Marxists with his rifle and pistol while passing over a young man he thought looked conservative. U.N. Crime is one of world's top 20 economies New Delhi's trash mountain is a livelihood and a home for many A Russian man guzzled almost $5,000 worth of luxury black caviar in just 86 seconds in what is believed to be the world's first speedeating contest centered around the expensive fish eggs. Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled Putin to step down as United Russia leader It can happen  Ontario, Canada's largest province, has decided to tax the rich in order to reduce its deficit faster... The Biggest Student Uprising Youve Never Heard Of On an unseasonably warm day in late March, a quarter of a million postsecondary students and their supporters gathered in the streets of Montreal to protest against the Liberal governments plan to raise tuition fees by 75% over five years... Kazakhstan thanks Borat for oosting tourism' Obama to Declare Sanctions on Countries That Track Citizen Internet/Cell Phones The Biggest Student Uprising You've Never Heard Of [Quebec] South Sudan President Sudan Has Declared War Former top MI6 officer attacks global war on drugs. Fight Against Dutch Cannabis Caf Restrictions Heats Up In Amsterdam, hundreds of coffee shop supporters staged a flashmob smokein to protest the proposed changes China offshores manufacturing to the U.S. Welcome to Kiev city of beautiful women and a prospering sex industry Jihadi Work Accident Kills Lebanons Most Wanted Terrorist In Syria, Fatah AlIslam Leader Blown To Pieces While Planting Roadside Bomb With Syrian Rebels UK Bomb plotter says Bin Laden's plan was to bring down the U.S. economy Arab Comedian Sentenced To Jail For Offending Islam  Indias Misplaced Priorities It fires missiles that can go thousands of miles yet most people don't have electricity and can't get an education and are doomed to poverty.  Report raises fear of South China Sea war  The chances of a fullscale war erupting which could drag in China, the US, the Philippines and Vietnam are not as remote as one may think. Michael Ignatief, Canada's ex Liberal Party leader, predicts the province of Quebec's secession in a near future, likely to be accelerated if Scotland votes for independence North Korea promised Monday to reduce South Korea's conservative government to ashes in less than four minutes, in an unusually specific escalation of recent threats aimed at its southern rival. Chinese scientists have cloned a genetically modified sheep containing a good type of fat found naturally in nuts, seeds, fish and leafy greens that helps reduce the risk of heart attacks and cardiovascular disease. Israeli refuses to recognize East Jerusalem Aras residency even though it recognizes his sister and parents.   Thus he has no identity card, no passport, he cannot register for university studies, apply for a job, sign up for an HMO or open a bank account. Spy found dead in locked bag hated 'flash car and drinking' culture of MI6, inquest hears    At WalMart in Mexico, a Bribe Inquiry Silenced  NYTimes.com North Korea issues unusually specific threat | The Envoy  Yahoo! News Cuba Plans Massive Shift to NonState Sector
  It'll move nearly 50% of the states economic activity to the nonstate sector, a senior Communist party official says, the latest signal the island is headed toward a mixed economy Drug maker Novartis takes legal action in UK to make hospitals use $1,000 eye drug over $97 alternative Unimaginable horror as helicopterborne poachers massacre 22 elephants before hacking off their tusks and genitals For first time since Depression, more Mexicans leave U.S. than enter New Zealand considers $100apack cigarettes to curb smoking Iran not building a nuclear bomb, says Israeli Chief of Staff Russell Brand to UK MPs Consider decriminalisation of drugs so money is spent on treatment, not punishment Alliance of Liberals and Democrats in EU parliament rejects ACTA The terrible price of defecting to North Korea, and later defecting from North Korea. 'Careless Norwegian driver' gets 7 years after US toe squash The Grand Experiment German Pirate Party Attempts to Reinvent Politics UK slides back into recession in first double dip since 1970s Internet freedom must be protected, TD tells Council of Europe Knesset members celebrate latest E. Jerusalem settlement by posing on evicted Palestinian family's sofa Over 1,000 Palestinian inmates on hunger strike in Israel German high jumper Ariane Friedrich posts stalker's name, hometown, and parts of his alleged email on her Facebook account.  Privacy debate ensues. Mein Kampf to be rereleased with notes countering Hitler's arguments Kenya's High Court Rules AntiCounterfeiting Law Is Unconstitutional Because It Threatens Access To Generic Drugs The UK is now officially in a doubledip recession. Why is North Korea threatening to conduct a nuclear test?  First, to make up for the embarrassment of the failed missile; second, the regime's past nuclear tests didn't go very well. Murdoch turns heat on UK government   N. Korea vows to turn South's leadership to ashes North Korean nuclear test could happen as early as Tuesday night, NBC reports Israel army chief contradicts Netanyahu on Iran Mexican refugee claimant murdered after deportation  Veronica Castro, a Mexican woman who sought to stay in Canada, was murdered five weeks after being deported Libyan authorities ban the formation of political parties based on religious principles, tribe or ethnicity ahead of elections scheduled for June. India Girl Ends Child 'Marriage'  
A young woman has her child marriage legally annulled in northern Rajasthan state, in what is thought to be the 1st case of its kind in India. The Alliance of Liberals and Democrats (ALDE) in the European Parliament have just confirmed that they will reject ACTA Dalai Lama World belongs to 'humanity,' not leaders Norwegians to protest Breivik, singing song he hates
 Rupert Murdoch apologizes, admits phonehacking 'coverup' They were calling us Asian dogs and pussies while they were beating us. When my friend tried to wipe blood from his nose, a teenaged girl stuffed my friend's mouth with her tampon removed from her pants. Swiss woman dies after attempting to live on sunlight; Woman gave up food and water on spiritual journey   NY Daily News Yorkshire's Robinson Crusoe Brit who bought a cutprice island in the Seychelles 50 years ago... and still lives in blissful solitude with 120 giant tortoises Cambodian police shoot antilogging activist  Chut Wutty, country's most outspoken environmental activist, shot dead by military police in remote forest region.  Brazil Chooses Farmers Over Environmentalists, Clearing Way for More Destruction of the Amazon   Brazil eases rules on how much land farmers must preserve as forest. Powerful farmers' lobby says it promotes sustainable food production. Environmentalists say it'll be a disaster. Russia Is wearing a pink triangle a crime?   St. Petersburg's new antigay law is reminiscent of fascism. Rick Falkvinge A European Parliament majority is now against ACTA, but more activist pressure is needed! World needs to stabilise population and cut consumption, says Royal Society To the left a likely new direction for France and Germany  Charles Taylor war crimes trial verdict  Guilty Analysts say a close look at pictures of North Korea's new missiles shows they're sloppy fakes Overconsumption in rich countries and rapid population growth in the poorest both need to be tackled to put society on a sustainable path, a report says. Two Taiwanese nationals were arrested after they told American undercover agents they were working for 'associates' in the Chinese intelligence community and wanted to buy a surveillance drone and stealth technology related to the U.S.'s F22 Raptor fighter jet, the FBI said in court documents Thousands Sing Song Hated by Norway Killer  Facing terror with music, tens of thousands have gathered in squares across Norway to sing a children's song that gunman Anders Breivik claims is being used to brainwash young Norwegians Egypt 'necrophilia law'?  As expected total blather  CSMonitor.com The Children of Fallujah  the hospital of horrors  Catholic church urges pupils in England and Wales to sign antigay marriage petition Colin Firth launches campaign to save 'world's most threatened tribe' S. Korea curbs U.S. beef sales after confirmation of mad cow disease Israel backtracks on demolition of illegal West Bank settlement Incredible. A blind Chinese activist escapes 90 guards and posts video exposing his abuse under house arrest India approved 'Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill 2011', which would make sexual contact with a girl below the age of 18 a criminal offence, even if it is consensual. Montreal student protest march declared illegal  Montreal police declared a march by protesting students illegal, less than an hour after the demonstration began Thursday night. Australian Govt. raises super tax on highincome earners of over $300,000 a year, a move which is expected to earn the govt. over $1B Hostage situation developing in central London After two decades of examining a microscopic algaeeater that lives in a lake in Norway, scientists on Thursday declared it to be one of the world's oldest living organisms and man's remotest relative. Green clouds over Moscow spark disaster fears Dutch judge clears way for 'weed pass' aimed at preventing foreigners from buying marijuana in coffee shops Trump threatens to sue Scotland over wind farm plan Several Blasts injure 12 in east Ukraine city of Dnipropetrovsk London  Man said to have six canisters strapped to him threatened to blow himself up. Holding hostages in Starbucks. Scientists have called for a radical rethink of our relationship with the planet to head off what they warn could be economic and environmental catastrophe. 9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa Netherlands judge to rule on cafe cannabis ban S&P Lowers Spain's Rating  India successfully launches first indigenously built allweather Radar Imaging Satellite, RISAT1, with applications ranging from agriculture to natural disaster management Four bombs go off in Ukraine, schoolchildren among the injured North Korean ICBMs shown at recent parades were poorly made fakes. Detailed analysis [PDF warning] Spanish economy in huge crisis after credit downgrade, rise in unemployment to 24% Dutch court upholds ban on foreigners buying pot African big game poaching surges on Asian affluence The hit job was done by professionals who swooped over their quarry in a helicopter before opening fire. Chen Guangcheng, the blind, selftaught lawyer known for his outspoken opposition to Chinas forced abortion and sterilization policies, has escaped from house arrest and posted a dramatic YouTube video calling on Premier Wen Jiabao to investigate his case and protect his family. Norway In keeping with the thoughts expressed by their Prime Minister, over 40,000 citizens expressed themselves outside the court in a way that would chill every wouldbe terrorist  by not being afraid. Tottenham Court Road Offices Evacuated Over 'Bomb Threat' In China, blame for the USC victims  Hateful comments toward two Chinese graduate students killed near the campus spotlight the growing divide between haves and havenots in China.
 Dutch government decrees that all cannabis cafes are offlimits to tourists Irish Catholic priests say they will not report confessions of child sexual abuse when revealed to them by parishioners in the confessional; under a proposed law, every person in Ireland is obliged to report suspected sexual abuse of children and vulnerable adults to police Japan Emperor and the Empress want cutprice funerals  The Emperor and the Empress of Japan have stated they wish to be cremated in cutprice funerals after their deaths, breaking with 350 years of tradition.  After 115 Years, It's Time for Zionism to Retire  Gideon Levy, Leading Israeli Columnist Spain's unemployment rate now at 24.4% Loneliness becoming 'norm' in Japan Royal Society Calls for Redistribution of Wealth & More Birth Control to Save Planet  During its 352year life span, the human population has risen from less than a billion to 7 billion & counting. 23 scientists spent 21 months studying the problem, resulting in  3 recommendations Quebec Student Protests Canada can point to high tuition fees and ask why Quebecers aren't paying more. Or we could ask why we're paying so much. ... but it's a matter of priorities. Perhaps the rest of the country should ask itself why cheap tertiary education isn't one... Romania's Government Collapses We are rid of Murdoch and that is worth celebrating.
But the villain of the piece did not do it all by himself. Leading figures from many walks of life have enabled his dark side
 Israel leadership 'misleading public' on Iran  exsecurity chief says  Britain's Richest Set New Record  
The UKs richest people are getting even wealthier despite the recession Israel's former Shin Bet chief I have no confidence in Netanyahu, Barak
Yuval Diskin accuses Israel's leaders of misleading the public on Iran, says they are making decisions ased on messianic feelings.' Northern Ireland police find 600 pound unexploded bomb in abandoned van; it was found in Newry, Northern Ireland, near the border with the Republic of Ireland Lebanon stops ship with Syriabound weapons  Ship originally from Libya and loaded with arms reportedly destined for Syrian opposition is stopped by Lebanese navy. London 2012 Missiles may be placed at residential flats Spain to persist in suicidal austerity policies despite 25% unemployment rate Study of the Day Even the Religious Lose Faith When They Think Critically Egyptian protests over detained lawyer shut Saudi embassy Prince of Liechtenstein Threatens to Quit  The tiny principality has been rattled by a war of words between activists who want to revoke the royal veto & the hereditary prince, who has threatened to quit if they do.  Police Fire Tear Gas as Thousands Defy Malaysian Protest Ban New photo shows work at North Korea nuclear test site Former head of Israeli internal security agency says attacking Iran would encourage Iran to speed its nuclear bomb plans Pakistan's spy agency seeks some credit for bin Laden's death The lead and the information actually came from us Uzbekistan End Forced, Child Labor in Cotton Fields Canada announces that foreign workers can now be paid 15% less than Canadians. Major UK Supermarket Chain Boycotts Israeli Settlement Goods Egypt Islamists upend race by backing liberal  'There is no compulsion in religion,' which he interprets to mean that the state should not compel people to follow religious rules. Bahrain ministry is using social media to urge people to vote against a movie which is nomiated for BAFTA TV awards, the film shows a darker side of Bahrain which the ministry is trying to hide. Be a part of this StreisandEffect and vote for the Bahrain film. Cruise ship crew earning 75p ($1.22) per hour to have tips withheld unless targets are hit Major UK food retailer boycotts 4 Israeli companies North Korea stages mass dance and military parade in tribute to Kim ilSung. Visually impressive.  China rounds up family and friends of blind activist Chen Guangcheng after his escape from house arrest KFC Ordered to Pay $8.3 Million to Australian Girl Paralyzed After Eating a Twister Wrap  Monika Samaan was 7 when she suffered salmonella encephalopathy  a brain injury linked to food poisoning that also left her with a blood infection and septic shock  Libya exMinister Shukri Ghanem found dead in Danube River UK puts missiles on London rooftop to guard Olympics
| Reuters Israeli navy arrests crew of Gaza fishing boat for fishing outside the Israeli set limits of Gaza's fishing zone (3 na. miles). Oslo peace accords granted 20. Are Mexicans giving up on U.S? Politicians braced for backlash as Europe turns against austerity  Mohamed ElBaradei launches new Egyptian political party  Nobel peace prize winner Mohamed ElBaradei said its aim was to unite Egyptians behind democracy.
 Police unleashed tear gas and chemicallaced water Saturday at thousands of demonstrators who staged one of Malaysias largest street rallies in years, demanding fair rules for national elections expected soon. Nigerian University Hit With Explosions BBC News  South Sudan 'agrees $8bn deal with China' What's Behind Europes Spike in Suicides? Vitali Klitschko on Tymoshenko Case 'Ukraine Is Becoming Increasingly Authoritarian'   The boxer and prodemocracy activist talks about the worsening situation in his country and the case of the jailed opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko.  Escaped blind Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng is safe in US Embassy in Beijing, friend says; he said Chen scaled a high wall at night to escape his house arrest, and hurt his leg after jumping off US 'expands Yemen drone strikes policy' UPDATE 1Lebanon impounds ship carrying Libyan weapons
| Reuters South Africa Gold miners sue over lung disease  Apartheid conditions gave black miners incurable silicosis, say experts.
 Gaddafi put up 50M euro for Sarkozys presidential bid  report UN adds Israel to the list list of states limiting human rights organizations Australian billionaire to build Titanic II An almost exact replica of the original Five major UK internet service providers ordered to prevent users from accessing The Pirate Bay Obama signs off $192 million in aid to Palestinian Authority, after it was frozen by the US Congress  Vatican 'accepted one billion lire' to bury crime boss in basilica next to former popes
 Most Israeli citizens don't want a war with Iran China Shuts Down Coca Cola Plant After Whistleblower Reports Excess Chlorine China to loan South Sudan $8 billion to get started Most Israeli Citizens Don't Want a War with Iran  
Binyamin Netanyahu & western hawks who seek an early strike are ignoring Israel's security experts & people The Frenchled counterattack and rumblings of revolt through every branch of the EU institutions last week have brought this aberrant phase of the eurozone crisis to an abrupt end. 'It's not for Germany to decide for the rest of Europe,' said Franois Hollande...Strong words even for the hustings Montreal taxi hit and run caught on video Nigeria 10 killed as motorcyclist suicide bomber targets police commissioner convoy   Motorcycle washed up in B.C. may be Japanese tsunami debris Tehran police in new dress code crackdown Kim Dotcom fights back, may bring down a Member of Parliament and former Mayor of Auckland for campaign donations. A former prostitute plans to sue the U.S. Embassy in Brazil, alleging that members of its security team in December threw her from a van and ran over her. ExLibyan Oil Minister found dead in AustriaBody found in the Danube River  Police say there were no signs of external violence The Qatar Bubble  By Blake Hounshell | Foreign Policy Mexican journalist found dead Authorities believe Regina Martnez, who often wrote about drug cartels in Veracruz, was murdered Pakistan Condemns U.S. Airstrike After Drone Ban Solar power in India Waiting for the sun  Is the sun the answer to Indias energy problems? Historic Rwandan genocide trial starts Monday in Ottawa Israel begins building border wall with Lebanon Former Mossad chief backs Shin Bet counterpart over criticism of Netanyahu, Barak Russia's xenophobia problem  Putin vows to tighten immigration laws to curb Russia's large waves of foreigners, but critics worry this will only make life more dangerous for illegal migrants.
 We conclude therefore that Rupert Murdoch is not a fit person to exercise the stewardship of a major international company Bare Statistics of Rhinos Being Slaughtered Horrifying   They're being killed in such unprecedented numbers that there are realistic fears they could be wiped from the face of the planet within a generation Mayors of eight British Columbia cities call on the provincial govt to legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana Documents found encoded in porn reveal al Qaeda's plans for seizing cruise ships, and cause carnage in Europe  CNN.com Report Guns used in Mexico for lawyer's murder traced to ATF operation The Pirate Bay copyright crackdown is unsustainable Air France Flight 447 'Damn it, were going to crash   Airbus went down three years ago in equatorial waters between Brazil and Africa. 228 dead. Two years to find flight recorders, another year to write report. Official verdict Pilot error. But why didn't other crew members intervene? An engineering mom leads effort to save an oldgrowth Russian forest
Yevgenia Chirikova found out a national forest was quietly being sold off. What she did to try to save it may change Russia forever Once poster child of crisis, Iceland recovers The dolphinhunting Japanese town of Taiji, made infamous by the Oscarwinning documentary The Cove, plans to open a marine mammal park where visitors can swim with the creatures Rick Falkvinge addresses the German Pirate Partys General Assembly, with 2800 people gathered in Neumnster  the largest party assembly in Germanys democratic history The Secret War in Yemen did anyone else know that this was going on? Canadians were never told the true cost of a $114billion secret bailout for the country's biggest banks during the financial crisis, says a report from the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. Malaysia Enacts Minimum Wage Israel exspy chief slams Netanyahu over Iran, I really don't have faith in a leadership that makes decisions out of messianic feelings. Norwegian sociologist Johan Galtung (father of peace studies) defends 'The Protocols of the Elders of Zion' and says Jewish influence was one of the factors leading to Auschwitz. BBC News  Turkey to write first fully civilian constitution Countercoup attempt underway in Mali Europe takes hard look at nations that allowed U.S. interrogations Debris believed to be from the Japan tsunami are surfacing in Washington State, Alaska and British Columbia, and scientists say the mess will be there for generations. El Salvador holds its breath after day without murders  Scepticism in barrios, where residents say people are still disappearing despite truce between powerful gangs Ethiopians could still go hungry despite economic gains
With its population of 91 million expected to double in the next 22 years, and a drier climate, Ethiopia will have trouble feeding its people, a new report says. Harley Davidson with Japan license plates washes up on Canadian coast. Protesters Deploy, Police Brace for May Day Protests [Updated] How Boko Haram attacks have changed the Maiduguri where I grew up  Jimeh Saleh of BBC Hausa returns to his home town of  in  Nigeria for 1st time in almost a year to find it's a mere shell of its once lively self, following a spate of deadly attacks by the Boko Haram Islamist group. Tsunami motorcycle washes up in Canada, owner located in Japan. Now Harley Davidson wants to restore it for him. The Vatican backs Ireland's most senior churchman who failed to protect children from paedophile priests, even though he knew who they were, and who was abusing them.. Protestors just say no to Dutch cannabis ban Motorola wins Xbox and Windows 7 ban in Germany Israel orders 1,000 Palestinian trees uprooted The Pirate Party (founded on protecting internet privacy and free downloads for personal use) is emerging as the leading 3rd party in Germany What the recession looks like in Spain. (24.4% unemployment in pictures.) Jamming signals thought to be from North Korea have affected GPS navigation on at least 250 flights since Saturday, South Korean officials say. Quebec student protests mark 'Maple spring' in Canada.  A revolt against a government tuition fee hike is growing into Occupyinspired dissent against austerity and inequality
 Cannabis  Britain's growth industry A clandestine industry has sprung up in the bedrooms, living rooms, cellars and roof tops. Some do it for personal use, others grow cannabis for organised criminal networks who make millions out of what they know is a comparatively low risk, highprofit crime. After 50 years, Cubans hope to travel freely. One senior official says a radical and profound change is weeks away. Eleven people were killed and more than 160 wounded near Egypt's Defence Ministry on Wednesday after armed men assaulted protesters demanding an end to army rule, prompting two Islamist candidates to suspend their presidential election campaigns. Irelands Catholic leader defends role in coverup of priests child abuse, says he wont quit Court bans Microsoft products from German market Russian police arrest gay rights activists at May Day rally S&P Upgrades Greece Out Of Default  Rupert Murdoch's Fox broadcast licences targeted by US ethics group Bolivia nationalises electrical grid taking over Spanishowned company Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng says he left his refuge in the US embassy in Beijing after Chinese authorities made death threats to family members. News International may have hacked other murdered children's phones What Finland Can Teach China  A focus on daycare rather than rote learning is why Finnish students have some of the best global test scores. Chinese students might be more creative if they took a leaf out of their book. Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi sworn in as member of parliament Cesium exceeding new limit detected in 51 food items in nine prefectures Sarkozy doesn't win debate Saudi Arabian Mufti, Says Girls Ready For Marriage At 10 Years Old 