 North Korea via Instagram North Koreans are not getting any information from the outside world. They think they will win if a war breaks out. Saudi Arabia will now let women ride bicycles, but only for fun, not for transportation. Brazilian men gangrape an American girl in a public bus while holding down her boyfriend and making him watch Russian billionaire plans to make humans immortal by 2045 A Russian billionaire has unveiled plans to make humans immortal by converting them into 'Terminatorstyle' cyborgs  a creature that's part human and part machine  within the next three decades. Indian woman burns her rapist to death Gate to hell discovered by Italian scientists. Sony makes more money selling life insurance than selling electronics. China deploys tanks, armor to NK border It's Believed China is Dramatically UnderReporting Its Overseas Fishing Catch  Excessive catches by vessels from China threaten the livelihoods & ecosystems in West Africa, in particular N. Korea only allowing S. Korean workers to leave Kaesong, banning entry Hungary is no longer a democracy U.S. sends in $900M antimissile radar array as North Korea vows to fire up nuclear reactor Spain's Princess Cristina has been summoned to appear in court over allegations that her husband misused millions of euros of public money. Amazon tribe threaten to go to war with Brazilian government after military incursion into their land by dam builders City plans to fight drug addiction with... marijuana New facesized tarantula discovered in Sri Lanka  Scientists found the spiders  with a leg span up to 8 inches across  living in trees & the old doctor's quarters of a hospital. Bangladesh police have arrested three atheist bloggers for defaming Islam and the prophet Mohammed, amid demands from religious fundamentalists for an Internet crackdown. Germany Doesn't Get Much Sun. How Did It Become a Leader in Solar Energy? Saudi court sentences man to be paralyzed The Anonymous hacktivist collective announced that it's released sensitive data  aka doxed  the government of North Korea over its threat to restart a nuclear reactor in the country. Double standard emerges in Brazil van gang rape investigation. The American victim of a Brazil gang rape saw two suspects arrested in her case within 24 hours. The same men allegedly raped a local woman a week prior, but her case saw little action from police. Slain dictator Gaddafis only daughter booted from Algerian safe house for repeatedly setting it on fire Cyprus President's Family Transferred Tens Of Millions To London Days Before Deposit Haircuts Australia launches national child sex abuse inquiry Australia has opened a national investigation into child sex abuse, with primte minister Julia Gillard warning of uncomfortable truths as institutions including schools and churches come under scrutiny Canadian father 'appalled' that mother who drowned two young boys and left their dead bodies for her husband to find next to her wedding ring will be released after serving only 10 months. Pyongyang asks China to send envoy Beijing rejects the request North Korea seen moving midrange missile to east coast Offshore Leaks Vast Web of Tax Evasion Exposed  International network of journalists has 2.5m records from tax havens detailing letterbox firms, offshore accounts & dubious financial deals. The unprecedented leaks include names of 130,000 people who moved money offshore. N. Korea has just vowed actual military actions against the US Anonymous Hacks Official North Korean Social Media Accounts The hackers allegedly seized control of North Korea's official Twitter and Flickr accounts, in the process defacing several related websites, and making the autocratic nation look extremely unprepared for cyber attack. Anonymous wealth from around the world revealed after data leak Two North Korean submarines have disappeared  Chosun TV (Translated) US Official N. Korea may be planning launch, It's unknown whether it would be a test or a strike. A renowned Alberta water scientist is urging the federal government to take action after he discovered deformities in fish in the Athabasca River downriver from oil sands developments bear a striking resemblance to ones found in fish after spills in U.S. waters. The Next Korean War and how the Kim regime might play the nuclear card to force a indecisive war (Good analysis for those wanting more than jokes about NK) Secret Files Expose Offshore's Global Impact A cache of 2.5 million files has cracked open the secrets of more than 120,000 offshore companies and trusts, exposing hidden dealings of politicians, con men and the megarich the world over. North Korea approves nuclear strike on US Bank of Japan to pump $1.4 trillion into economy in unprecedented stimulus North Korea warns nuclear war on America could break out today or tomorrow. Sorry, Anonymous probably didnt hack North Koreas intranet US tells North Korea to drop threats after nuclear warning North Korean Twitter Account Hacked By Anonymous. Signs of North Korea Easing Off War Message at Home North Korea's missile movement not aimed at U.S. mainland Hack attacks hit Bitcoin exchange rates North Korea warns the moment of explosion is near. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is standing by to discuss at 629p ET on CNN 'Not a crime to make known crime of a state' Senior Swedish judge backs Assange N Korea, final approval for nuclear attack on US Manchester police to record attacks on goths and punks as hate crimes U.N. calls for closure of Guantanamo prison We must be clear about this the United States is in clear breach not just of its own commitments but also of international laws and standards that it is obliged to uphold 2,080 lashes for Saudi man who raped daughter N. Korea loads 2 mediumrange missiles on mobile launchers Earthquake just north of North Korea's border A man in Germany has raised a pack of 70 wolves and established himself as the alpha male Gul Meena, a 17yearold Pakistani girl, was attacked by her brother in an honor killing attempt after she left her 60yearold husband. With an ax, her brother struck his own sister 15 times after killing her friend. Map This is how far those North Korean missiles can actually reach North Korea warns it cannot protect embassies after April 10 A South Korean intelligence official correctly predicted North Korea would urge foreign diplomats to leave, said an attack would follow North Korea does now have missile technology that is able to reach, as they put it, the whole of the United States  David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. International Topless Jihad Day FEMEN Activists Stage Protests Across Europe (nsfw photos) U.S. to return military base lands in Okinawa to Japan Lego didn't give in to Muslim demands to remove Jabba's Palace A few media have reported that the product is being discontinued due to the mentioned criticism. This is, however, not correct. Japanese rock song so offensive it took North Koreas focus off U.S China shifts position on North Korea A girl from Tunisia could be stoned to death for posing naked with the words 'my body belongs to me' scrawled on her chest. BBC News  Pope Francis calls for action on clerical sex abuse Archaeologists unearth reathtaking' 4,000yearold complex at Iraqi home of Abraham BBC News  North Korea warns safety of British diplomats 'cannot be guaranteed' Uruguay Marriage Equality Approved Fidel Castro pens first column in 9 months, urges restraint on tense Korean Peninsula As N. Korean threats intensify, first signs of jitters in the South. Pope Francis Women are 'fundamental' to church North Korea 'asks Russia to evacuate embassy staff' as China loses patience US offers 5 million for the capture of Joseph Kony Demonstrators march against law that allows police to declare public protests illegal. In response, the Montreal police declare the protest illegal. French intelligence agency bullies Wikipedia admin into deleting an article I was so brainwashed in North Korea death camp I betrayed my family Man freezes to death on day 3 of trying to live as the homeless do You might think alarm bells would be sounding in Washington, given the warnings in North Korea. But when they talk about North Korea, United States officials are sounding like an exasperated parent responding to a child's tantrum. North Korea thinks that the U.S. is irritated and scared of the proud and mighty NK military. U.S. amassing B1 strategic bombers near North Korea Study finds most Haiti aid went to US groups. 'Just 1 percent went to Haitian companies' Syria in Ruins  In Focus [PHOTOS] Mexico hourly wages now lower than China's. Mexico's wages as a proportion of economic output are lower than those in Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand, South Korea, Hungary, Poland and Brazil. Mexico has increased its U.S. market share at a faster pace than China over the past six years. 7.2 Earthquake off Papua, Indonesia Hundreds of thousands of people are protesting in Bangladesh to demand that the government introduce an antiblasphemy law that would include the death penalty for bloggers who insult Islam. Daycare shooting in Canada Fidel Castro says the current tensions on the Korean Peninsula pose one of the gravest threats for nuclear holocaust since the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962 US is using China to pressure North Korea H7N9, Avian Flu in Beijing being monitored, 14 confirmed cases 6 dead. North Korea releases video of Kim Jongun firing a gun Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant leaking contaminated water Pope Francis donates $50,000 to flood victims in Argentina Kim Jongun orders increased production of artillery in N. Korea U.S. Calls on China to to crack down on the regime in Pyongyang(N.Korea) Russia has more nuclear warheads than US, UK, France, China combined. Interactive stats on the nuclear states Japanese scientists figure out how to read visual contents of dreams with brain scans. Angelina Jolie pledges $200K to educate Pakistani girls Fidel Castro to North Korea nuclear war will benefit no one Nazca lines destroyed by quarrying operations in Peru. BBC has uncovered fresh evidence of how some Sharia councils in Britain may be putting Muslim women 'at risky pressuring them to stay in abusive marriages Swedish tourist manages to smuggle out pictures from North Korea. Guides did not know the camera had 2 memory cards. Canada's largest bank replacing Canadian workers with temporary foreign workers Anonymous launches massive cyber assault on Israel Hacktivist group Anonymous has launched its second massive cyber attack against Israel. The collective threatens to disrupt and erase Israel from cyberspace in what they have dubbed the largest internet battle in the history of mankind In a secret deal, Pakistan allowed American drone strikes on its soil on the condition that the unmanned aircraft would stay away from its nuclear facilities and the mountain camps where Kashmiri militants were trained for attacks in India. Maasai face eviction from ancestral lands to make way for Dubai hunting firm Tanzania plans to reduce Maasai areas by 40%, citing 'overgrazing.' A mass protest fell apart this week, but Maasai women took up the cause and organized their own sitin Magic mushroom depression trial tripped up by absurd drug laws China asks North Korea to ensure safety of its nationals. Judges may lack common sense because they have lived 'sheltered lives', warns Britain's most senior female judge Philippines asking $1.4 mn from US for reef damage Hang atheist bloggers Bangladeshi Muslims call for execution of blasphemers (PHOTOS) Afghan attacks kill U.S. diplomat, soldiers, others Countries rattled by taxhaven data leak  Politicians and companies worldwide face questions over offshore accounts Japan to order shooting down of North Korea missile Reports Japan whaling haul a 'record low', plans to keep whaling regardless Japan's latest whaling season has drawn to a close with a record low haul due to unforgiveable sabotage by protestors, a government minister has said Embassy staff in N Korea ignore warning. Most foreign governments have made it clear they will not be evacuating their staff, despite warning from Pyongyang China 'severely concerned' over North Korean tensions, saying they won't allow troublemaking at the doorstep of China. North Korea tension 'prompts US missile test delay' This Is What Superstition Does  Witches Tortured, Burned Alive Papua New Guinea has seen several cases of persecution. The latest attacks occurred on Easter when six women were tortured with hot irons as an Easter sacrifice. BBC News  Afghan children 'killed by Nato air strike The great recycling con trick How 12million tons of your carefully sorted waste is being dumped in foreign landfill sites Is the Global Economy Slowly Falling Apart? Health Canada recalls birth control pill Alysena, after finding out some packages were sold with 2 weeks of placebos instead of 1 Hamas ban on Western garments, hair styles criticized in Gaza ExPrime Minister Margaret Thatcher has died following a stroke Iceland voted the friendliest place on earth Swiss offer to mediate in North Korea crisis, foreign ministry already made contact with the North Korean authorities Germany Thieves Swipe 5 Tons of Nutella The Canadian government has barred scientists from entering the Experimental Lakes Area in Ontario. As funding for the freshwater research station dried up this week, scientists with ongoing projects at the facility were left wondering about the future of their research. N. Korea to withdraw all its workers from Kaesong complex Wikileaks releases Kissinger Cables with 2 million documents. 120 tons of radioactive water leak out of Fukushima plant Prime Minister of Iceland visits China with HER wife  Anticipation over reactions British grandmother sentenced to death by firing squad for drug trafficking in Indonesia. Britons accused of drug offences in Dubai are refused legal visits and claim to have been tortured (including electrocuting testicles) India Use Drones to Protect Rhinos From Poachers  An oil discovery is expected earn the Falkands $10.5 billion over the next 25 years Bemused Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel confronted by topless Femen protester in Hanover Greek Commission Concludes Germany Owes Billions in War Reparations The total could be enough to solve the country's debt problems, but the Greek government is wary of picking a fight with its paymaster. North Korea seen readying for fourth nuclear test Why Japan is the most interesting story in global economics right now WikiLeaks is to publish more than 1.7 million US diplomatic and intelligence documents Gaza police shaving heads of longhaired youths. 'It is the latest sign that the Islamic militants are imposing their strict practices on the population' Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina has firmly rejected demands by Islamists for a new antiblasphemy law to punish those who defame Islam and Prophet Muhammad Pirates of the Caribbean Global Resistance to Tax Havens Grows  Tax havens cause hundreds of millions of euros in annual damage to national economies around the world and they create an uncontrollable parallel economy. France to buy US drones Police allege man was sexually assaulted by 4 women North Korea ready for new nuclear test, says South  video | World news Tepco finds second pit leaking in Fukushima Ontario is putting an end to coalburning power plants '...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coalfired electrical generation.' In sign of growing Chinese frustration with North Korea, Daily Show clip mocking Kim Jong Un gets 2.8 million views on China web portal, making it the 2nd most viewed Daily Show segment ever North Korea to 'launch missile TOMORROW' after warning foreigners to evacuate South | World | News French Intelligence Agency Forces Wikipedia Volunteer to Delete Article; ReInstated, It Becomes MostRead Page On French Wikipedia Jewish terrorist who murdered two palestinians gets 2 life sentences in Israeli jail 10yearold rape victim put behind bars Times of India 'Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead' set to enter UK Official top 40 following Margaret Thatcher's death Street parties break out in London and across the UK over death of Margaret Thatcher Now Hiring Fake Somali Pirates. Foreign journalists have paid Kenyans pretending to be Somali pirates hundreds of dollars to interview them. Japan deploys three Patriot missile defense batteries in Tokyo, a chain of PAC3 batteries to Okinawa, and Aegis missile defense destroyers to the Sea of Japan The British are watering our whiskey, warned American diplomat in 1973 (via Wikileaks) US tear gas shipment 140,000 canisters  arrives in Egypt. While in Syria, FRONTLINE filmmaker Olly Lambert did not anticipate that bombs from government jets would begin to fall just 300 meters away. (Warning Graphic Violence) South Korean politician We need tactical nukes to send message to China How a Single Spy Turned Pakistan Against the United States. What really happened after Raymond Davis killed two men in the street in Lahore. North Korea workers don't report for work at joint industrial park Japanese woman with megaphone in Osaka I hate Koreans so much... We will start Tsuruhashi massacre like Nanking Massacre. Crowd cheers. Afghanistan mineral deposits estimated at $1 trillion The Pirate Bay Moves to .GL Domain in Anticipation of Domain Seizure The Pirate Bay has received indications that the Swedish authorities might soon attempt to seize the sites .se domain Margaret Thatcher Was Freakishly Correct About Why The Euro Would Be Such A Big Disaster US Navy Deploying Laser Weapon Prototype in Persian Gulf The Sun reports that Kim Jong Un starred in a Grease production while going to school in Switzerland Putin Says Russia Does Not Discriminate Against Gays North Korea exsoldiers recall 'golden days' of military drills | World news France wants to keep 1,000 soldiers in Mali permanently NASAbacked fusion engine could cut Mars trip down to 30 days Germany gives Japan its backing as N Korea tensions rise Anonymous vows justice for Rehtaeh Parsons, 15 year old rape victim who committed suicide. Canadian Police do nothing. North Korea v South Korea in figures Breasts better off without bras French study North Korea preparing to launch missiles from 2 different locations North Korea has completed fueling its Musudan mediumrange ballistic missile, and is ready to launch it any moment Google launches global human trafficking helpline & data network  Commits $3M (2M) to build an international helpline network fueled by data. Human trafficking enslaves 21M people, with 2.5M forced into labor. Most are ages 1824 & 43% are forced into the sex trade. China and Russia urge North Korea to step back from missile launch. A Nova Scotia teenager has killed herself after she was raped by four boys, who distributed a photo of the assault and bullied her, her family says. South Korea raises alert with North to 'vital threat' [BBC] ExNorth Korea spy says Kim JongUn struggling to control military South Korea confirms North was behind the massive hacking attack that paralyzed networks of local financial firms and broadcasters last month April 1 marked the beginning of free abortion in France. As mandated by the new law, the country will now reimburse all abortions 100 percent, as well as provide free contraception for girls ages 1518. North Korea Warns It Is on Brink of Nuclear War With South Japanese city accidentally tweets North Korean missile launch South Korea raises surveillance level to Watchcon 3 in response to reports that the North will fire multiple missiles 45 TELS (Scud launchpads), one Nudong and two Musadan missiles being prepared North Korea's peasant army gets ready to farm, not wage war Intelligence suggests North Korea could be planning multiple launches, U.S. official says Doomsday Clock creator dies. North Korea US 'ready to intercept up to three missiles' Three years after BP oil spill, USF research finds massive dieoff Admiral says US ready if North Korea strikes Pakistan today successfully testfired nuclearcapable HatfIV ballistic missile with a range of 900 km that can hit targets in India. The 4th Largest City In The World Has No Outdoor Advertising Bitcoin value plummets, losing as much as 41% of its value in a single day Two Norwegian teens return $81,500 found in bag on a train left by elderly passenger The Pirate Bay kicked out of Greenland in under 48 hours. A woman who died after being refused a potentially lifesaving abortion even while she was having a miscarriage was told that her repeated pleas could not be granted because Ireland is a Catholic country, an inquest has confirmed Italy's 5Star Movement, led by comic Beppe Grillo, wants to scrap the country's planned purchase of 90 Lockheed Martin Corp F35 fighter jets and use the savings to help boost the struggling economy, a lawmaker told Reuters on Tuesday [9 April 2013]. Uzbekistan calls Harlem Shake 'a vortex full of meaninglessness and shamelessness' 'Very high' chance North Korea will fire missile, U.S. and South Korea say Mysterious gigantic stone structure found beneath Sea of Galilee Defecting NK Commander confirms rival factions within NK military, pro and antiKim JongUn fighting within ranks For the first time in 69 years, there are no American tanks in Europe. Beaver Bites Man To Death In Belarus Attack Germany owes us 162billion euros in war damages, say Greeks | World | News Egyptian doctors 'ordered to operate on protesters without anaesthetic'. Senior Egyptian army doctors were ordered to operate without anaesthetic on wounded protesters at a military hospital in Cairo during protests against military rule N. Korea shifts missile locations ahead of imminent launch sources Japan has inked an agreement with Taiwan to allow Taiwanese vessels to fish within 12 miles from the disputed Diaoyu Islands in a surprise deal that has shaken China. Airbus is installing special big seats for fat people while shrinking other seats DPRK's nuclear shower will break the U.S. nuclear umbrella so mercilessly that the warmongers cannot even repent of anything. United States and South Korean armed forces placed at 'maximum alert' Watchcon 2 North Korea is shifting placement of missiles in an attempt to outwit intelligence Camel gifted to French president is mistaken for food, made into tagine and eaten for dinner Seoul calls on North to come to bargaining table (Yonhap) Top admiral of US Pacific Command worries North Korea crisis could escalate 'pretty quickly' with one miscalculation Uruguay to become third American country to legalize gay marriage after Canada and Argentina Former Guatemalan dictator, Efrain Rios Montt, being charged with genocide. First time ever a former head of state is being tried for genocide by a national tribunal. Finland police say Russias President Putin mistakenly placed on criminal blacklist France passes gay marriage bill. The legislation not only legalizes samesex marriage but allows samesex couples to adopt children. North Korea declares its target Japan Vladimir Putin unveils $50 bn drive for Russian space supremacy Putin Promises 100% Support for Buddhists  The president described Buddhism as a kind, humanist learning based on love for others and love for ones country, Stephen Hawking Space Exploration Is Key To Saving Humanity AntiThatcher song hits top of U.K. pop chart  Ding Dong! The Witch is Dead goes to No. 1 Wave of homophobic violence sweeps France A Chinese woman sent to a labour camp for demanding seven men who kidnapped, raped and forced her then 11yearold daughter into prostitution be punished went to court on Friday to sue for compensation. U.K. gives the homeless jobs as tour guides Sudan People's Liberation Army to wipe out the entire Murle tribe on the face of the earth. Nobody is willing to help these people. North Korean helicopter dropping paratroopers along China border Nuclear Waste Found in English Channel Greece's jobless rate has soared to a new high at 27.2%, 1824yo at 60% In order to adhere to Chinese concepts of family and duty, an increasing amount of gay Chinese men are turning to an alternate form of marriage marrying lesbian women. An amazing visualization of every drone strike in Pakistan Russia Builds Giant Space Base In $52bn Push Margaret Thatcher dead Sex Pistol Johnny Rotten says hate mobs are 'loathsome' & calls for respect Sweden enlists llamas to fight sheepkilling wolves 3 scenarios for North Korea endgame German hacker demonstrated how to remotely hijack and bring down an airplane using an app for the Android phone Spain holds first Siesta Championship or Napping Competition to bring back old tradition Reinventing InventHelp  Inventors Digest Review Hawking Mankind has 1,000 years to escape Earth North Korea employing Deceptive tactics. South Korean news source says they may be planning multiple missile launches. Google launches tool to determine data use after death U.S. and China agree on Korean denuclearization In latest propaganda video, North Korea threatens to bomb Colorado Springs. Unfortunately for them, they have no idea where Colorado Springs is. A passenger plane carrying more than 100 people has crashed into the ocean off the coast of Bali  It is believed that everyone on board has survived. Canadian Kids Smoke Most Marijuana In Western World UNICEF An Indian village plants 111 trees for every girl born. [Philippines] Manila offers US its military bases in case of N Korea war Dozens of Native American tribal masks have been sold at an auction in Paris after a French court ignored the objections of the Hopi tribe and the U.S. government. Mayan Genocide  Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt, accused of ordering the execution of over 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans in 1980s, on trial. It's the 1st time anywhere in the world a former head of state is tried for genocide by a national tribunal. UK 'confirms' use of chemical weapons in Syria after secret MI6 op  report 6.0 magnitude earthquake hits western Japan World on course for catastrophic 6 Celcius rise New Zealand Minister responsible for border security officially warns of the threat posed by 3D printers, If people could print off ... sheets of Ecstasy tablets at the party they're at at that time, that just completely takes away our border protection role in its known sense. Pope appoints 8 cardinals to advise on the reform of the Catholic Church 17 years after being gangraped by more than 40 men, Indian girl still waits for justice What time machine? Iranian news agency quietly deletes a report that Iran had built one. Hundreds of Thousands March for 'Free Education' in Chile 'Education should be equal for everyone, it should be free  we all have the same rights.' Missile launch is North Korea's exit strategy, analysts say. World's first unmanned supersonic stealth combat aircraft to make its maiden test flight in Australia. Ants Can Sense Earthquakes A Day In Advance A German man has been arrested at Athens International Airport after allegedly trying to smuggle nearly half a ton of gold and silver out of Greece, according to airport officials. Egypt's Coptic Christians live in fear of Islamic extremists The group has long faced persecution, but many feel the aggression is now more systematic. 'They set a Christian man on fire the other day,' a woman says near Cairo. Measles in Wales Warning of Epidemic Spreads  Fears that measles epidemic may spread from Swansea with over 40,000 children still unvaccinated in Wales. Number of cases now at 693. This could easily double as 1000s of children have not had 2 MMR vaccines. No part of the UK is safe. Egypt's Coptic Church unleashed one of its strongest criticisms ever of the government after backtoback deadly attacks on Copts that the pope insists were incited by harsh antiChristian rhetoric. Cannibalism in North Korea EU loses 1 trillion euros a year to tax dodging Constitutional Convention in Ireland votes 79% in favour of samesex marriage Kim JongUn has not been seen in 2 weeks In Switzerland, twothirds of voters have supported a fat cat initiative  a referendum that gives shareholders a binding say on executive pay as part of the worlds most stringent rule of its kind to date. Noncompliance carries hefty fines and jail time. Ireland gets its first Tornado warning. Canadian govt demands members of public fill in a 10page questionnaire & submit CV in order to seek permission to comment on the new Enbridge oil pipeline Margaret Thatcher 'gave her approval' to her son Mark's failed coup attempt in Equatorial Guinea Why Chemotherapy That Costs $70,000 in the U.S. Costs $2,500 in India By rejecting patent applications, developing countries have kept down the costs of muchneeded medications. Can they continue to do so without harming efforts to develop new drugs? Kerry offers to withdraw US missile defenses and military presence in exchange for China's support on North Korea. French gangster Redoine Faid just escaped from prison by taking 4 guards hostage and blowing off 5 doors with explosives BBC fakes London student credentials to access North Korea Lost Soviet Mars Lander Found? Report The Syrian Chemical Weapons 'Red Line' Has Been Crossed Millions face starvation as world warms, say scientists World is unprepared for changes that will see parts of Africa turned into disaster areas, say food experts Polio Vaccine Developer Koprowski Dies Rust in hell Irish nationalists slam Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher Papua New Guinea Considers Repealing Sorcery Law In February, a 20yearold woman was stripped, tortured, doused in gasoline and then set ablaze Melting in Antarctic is worst in 1000 years N. Korea denounces S. Korea's dialogue offer as 'cunning ploy' Russia has published the names of 18 U.S. citizens who are barred from Russia. The list includes those alleged to have been involved in the use of torture at Guantanamo bay. Russia bans 18 Americans from country in answer to US list Former Bush staffers and Guantanamo Bay commanders on list released in response to US Treasury visa bans New bird flu (H7N9) well adapted to quickly infect. One thing of concern is the pace at which we are seeing the identification of cases. US Center for Disease Control and Prevention says China bird flu death toll rises to 13 as more cases reported One of France's most dangerous gangsters, known for brazen attacks on cashintransit vehicles, on Saturday blasted his way out of jail after briefly taking several wardens hostage North Korea nuclear weapons agreement reached by U.S. and China | National Post Never mind aliens in outer space. Some scientists believe we may be sharing the planet with 'weird' lifeforms that are so different from our own they're invisible to us Prof Cleland calls this ethereal dimension the shadow biosphere Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince AlWaleed bin Talal, a nephew of King Abdullah, has thrown his support behind allowing Saudi women to drive, saying it makes economic sense Saddam's marsh drainage project was war by other means  Some 2 decades after the drainage of Mesopotamian marshes of Iraq by Hussein, the area is buzzing with life again after much of what was once the world's 3rd largest wetland is restored to some of its former glory. Director Ken Loach on Margaret Thatcher Funeral Lets privatise her funeral. Put it out to competitive tender and accept the cheapest bid. Its what she would have wanted. Price of Gold Collapses....investors panic. Financial crisis caused by too many bankers taking cocaine, says former drugs tsar Nicols Maduro has been elected President of Venezuela Chinese vessel that hit protected reef in Philippines held even more environmental destruction inside over 10,000 kg (22,000 lbs) of meat from the protected pangolin. 400 boxes, each containing 2530 kg frozen pangolins, found. Rising demand & lax laws are wiping out the toothless anteaters. NASA plans to capture an asteroid and set it into orbit around the moon North Korean leader makes first appearance in weeks, pays tribute to late grandfather, father at mausoleum Russian MPs have given initial approval to an antiblasphemy law with tougher jail terms or fines for anyone found guilty of offending religious feelings. Some activists warned that insults to believers might include the teaching of evolution or the Big Bang theory Norway to build first ever tunnel for ships Justin Bieber has caused outrage with his message in a guestbook at the Anne Frank Museum, saying he hoped the Holocaust victim would have been a fan. 10 million pound cost of Margaret Thatcher's funeral asking for trouble Black workers anned from Gare du Nord during Israeli president visit' Protesters in Spain call for end to monarchy Climate Change skeptic, Lord Monckton, demands apology from prominent climate scientists after having his views mocked, In saying I have 'no training' he [Professor Renwick] has lied. I have a Cambridge degree in classical architecture. North Korea brands US an 'enemy of the state' as South Korean's burn effigies of Kim Jongun Justin Trudeau elected as Liberal party leader [Canada] Turkish pianist Fazil Say convicted of insulting Islam Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has been increasing for a third year in a row and is heading for a record high Teenager exposes India's 'one month wives' sex tourism Israel arrests 14yearold US citizen Synthetic kidney could soon be ready for first human transplant A synthetic kidney made from a patients own skin cells might soon be ready for the first human transplant following the creation of a similar artificial organ in laboratory animals, scientists have said. Australia to tackle Japan on whaling at U.N. world court Don't underestimate Germany's new antieuro party 8.0 Earthquake strikes Iran 31 People killed in Explosions in Iraq Boston Marathon explosions dozens wounded as two blasts hit finish line Boston Marathon explosions two dead, 64 injured as ombs' hit race finish line Wherever we find Americans we will kill them, but we don't have any connection with the Boston Explosions  Pakistani Taliban Black Monday in Iraq 46 killed, almost 300 injured in series of attacks Sir Ian McKellen posts statement to remind all that Margaret Thatcher was in favor of and voted for Section 28, which was ...designed to slander homosexuality, by prohibiting state schools from discussing positively gay people and our 'pretended family relations'. And as we see the flags from the 50 countries participating in this event, still flying, we are reminded that this is not just a Boston or an American event, but a global event and a global tragedy CNN New Zealand set to legalize gay marriage US Black Hawk crashes near North Korean border. RE recent events at /r/worldnews. Three teenagers who beat a homeless man to death following a dare have been sentenced. Russia ready to help in investigation of Boston terror act  Kremlin 46 dead overnight in Iraq SecretaryGeneral of the United Nations, Ban KiMoon, openly declares support for LGBT equality. Anonymous hackers bring down North Korean websites for a second time North Korea warns, they won't warn South Korea. 37 killed, more than 140 wounded in nearly 20 separate attacks across Iraq A nonpartisan, independent review of interrogation and detention programs in the years after the Sept 11, 2001, terrorist attacks concludes that it is indisputable that the United States engaged in the practice of torture and that the nations highest officials bore ultimate responsibility for it. Boston Marathon explosions Pakistan Taliban says it was not behind bombs Video of the Boston Marathon bombing, recorded by Steve Silva at the finishing line. (DISTURBING CONTENT) President Barack Obama said in an interview broadcast Tuesday [16 April 2013] that North Korea likely does not have the ability to arm a ballistic missile with nuclear warheads. He also compared the Stalinist regime's recent belligerent rhetoric to a child's temper tantrum. 4,500yearold harbor structures and papyrus texts unearthed in Egypt. Archaeologists have stumbled upon what is thought to be the most ancient harbor ever found in Egypt, along with the country's oldest collection of papyrus documents, Egyptian authorities say. Please dont be a Muslim Boston marathon blasts draw condemnation and dread in Muslim world BBC News  Iran struck by magnitude 7.8 earthquake New Zealand Marriage Equality Bill passes in to law Muslims worldwide have raced to social media websites to pray that perpetrators of a deadly bombing in Boston would not be Muslims Tanzania to evict Maasai people in favor of feepaying trophy hunters. The government has just announced that it plans to kick thousands of our families off our lands so that wealthy tourists can use them to shoot lions and leopards. 20 year old pregnant woman stomped on stomach in India after 'Godman' proclaims that she was carrying a female fetus The British Homeopathic Association confirms there is no evidence that homeopathic 'vaccines' protect against contagious diseases We recommend people seek out the conventional treatments Consulate Chinese national is 3rd victim in Boston marathon blasts 7 Dead, 61+ Injured Following Protest After Venezuela Election. Mexico's vigilante law enforcers Caught between the murderous drug cartels and absent or corrupt law enforcement, communities are taking the law into their own hands. In the state of Guerrero, a fledgling vigilante force has grown into an organisation numbering thousands. Thirteen injured in a bomb blast near the office of a political party in Bangalore, India US foe Cuba sends condolences for marathon attack Circuses to be banned from using wild animals | World news Pirate Bay cofounder charged with Hacking and Fraud North Korean exiles scoff at talk of war  It's not even possible for North Korea to have a war [Pakistan] US drone strike in South Waziristan kills five New Zealand expected to become 13th country in the world to legalise same sex marriage tonight. Soviet balloon probes may have seen rain on Venus The Saudi Marathon Man  The New Yorker The German military plans to withdraw from Afghanistan completely by the end of next year. As it pulls out, it leaves behind Afghan employees  some 1,700 of them  including interpreters, drivers and kitchen staff. The Taliban has threatened to kill the collaborators. Israeli city of Eilat hit by two rockets China's bird flu death toll is now at 16, and the government has warned that the number of infections could rise. Ethiopian Wins 2013 Boston Marathon At Age 23, Only His Second Marathon Ever. Pope Francis Supports Crackdown on US Nuns For Promoting Radical Feminist Themes Italy finds 1 in 5 beef samples contain horse meat 17 killed, 60 wounded in Peshawar ANP rally blast. North Korea Says It Isnt Opposed to Resuming Dialogue With U.S. Afghan women commit suicide to escape marriage The suicide rate is rising particularly in towns because women are fighting against forced marriages there. Iran's leader condemns bombing attack in Boston Venezuela's New Leader Just Ordered the Arrest of His Political Rivals A man diagnosed with late stage cancer saves the life of his ambulance driver when the latter had a heart attack while driving the former to a hospital Australian judge overrules ill Jehovah's Witness teenagers wishes, orders blood transfusion BBC News  North Korea lists terms for talks with US and S Korea More Children in Greece Start to Go Hungry British woman, 21, faces life in jail after leading vigilante gang who murdered teenager falsely accused of rape Brighton and Hove city council recommended the opening of drug consumption rooms, places where people could inject drugs under medical supervision without fear of prosecution. I Jumped to Save My Body Walmart Slammed Over Nicaragua Stabbings & Bangladesh Fire  Survivors of factory fire & an armed assault calling for Walmart to crack down on abuses in its global supply chain. Were making the clothes theyre going to sell, so they've a role in what goes on inside. Indian man killed for trying to protect friend from sexual harassment In Congo, Babies as Young as Six Months Victims of Rape in War A woman who was convicted of murdering her toddler son and hiding his body has been cleared of all charges Pervez Musharraf flees Pakistan court after arrest order  Pakistan's former president rushes out of Islamabad court and into waiting vehicle after being denied bail, say police Transgender for president? Pakistanis challenge stereotypes in elections President of Ecuador, Rafael Correa, has 90 percent public approval rating, which puts him first in a survey regarding two dozen leaders of the region North Korean reveals cannibalism is common after escaping starving state Ghana seizes 1m faulty condoms imported from China Paraguayan Politician Threatens To Shoot Own Testicles If Son Marries Another Man Was that the president in my Beijing taxi? A rumor that Chinese President Xi Jinping traveled undetected among the commoners of Beijing sparked enormous interest, echoing popular lore of Chinese emperors moving about in disguise A UK man paralysed from the neck down is taking up the legal challenge previously mounted by the late Tony Nicklinson for the righttodie with the help of a doctor Chinese authorities suspect humantohuman transmission of H7N9 avian flu The Poverty Lie How Europe's Crisis Countries Hide their Wealth. How fair is the effort to save the euro if the people living in the countries that receive aid are wealthier than the citizens of donor countries like Germany? Japan island rocked by 30 quakes 200 US troops ordered to Jordan by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, to e ready for military action' Letter bomb sent to German president Pope Francis redirects employee bonuses to charity. Vatican employees wont receive the special bonus they are traditionally awarded when a new pope is elected, the Vatican confirmed on Thursday (April 18), under orders from Pope Francis to give extra money to charity instead. Anonymous calls for internet black out A gay friendly, non sexsegregated, mosque is opening in Uppsala, Sweden Blast in popular Baghdad coffee shop kills at least 27 Magnitude 7.0 strikes off the coast of Japan 25 yearold man suspected to have died of measles in the UK would be the first since 2008 Musharraf arrested. Latest is he has been shifted to police headquarters and may be tried for high treason. A victory for judicial freedom in Pakistan. Chechen terrorism What you need to know  Islamist fighters from the region have fought a long war of independence against Russia Cops beat up women protesting against kid's death in India Afghans send sympathy and love to Boston, whose pain they know all too well Delhi fails to deliver on its promise of safety for girls and women Neighbour rapes young child brutally, police apathetic A PhD economics student has debunked the most influential study which has been used to promote austerity worldwide. A new exhibition aims to celebrate the role Muslims played in saving Jewish lives during the Holocaust. Belize Supreme Court declares offshore oil drilling contracts issued by Govt of Belize 20042007 null & void, stopping govt from allowing drilling in worlds 2nd largest barrier reef, the Meso American  Govt didn't assess environmental impact & gave okay to firms without proof of safety. CSIS, Canadian spy agency, is sharing intel with corporations, despite a law that forbids it The Flying Taxman Bank secrecy is dying in Europethanks mainly to America Greek Far Right Gains Ground  Nowhere else in Europe are neoNazis and rightwing extremists profiting as greatly from the financial crisis as in Athens. As they terrorize the country with violence, the police stand back and prosecutors are powerless. Egyptian bride ordered to pay 5,000 compensation to groom because she had secret surgery to restore her virginity Australia's NBN (National Broadband Network) announce Gigabit speeds to current customers by the end of the year. Once the 10 year rollout has finished the network will provide gigabit speeds to 93% of the population Half of Syrian population 'will need aid by end of year'. UN high commissioner for refugees says crisis may be worst humanitarian disaster it has dealt with. Canadian Supreme Court refuses to reopen antigay pamphlet case where flyers referred to gay men as sodomites and pedophiles. India accounts for 33% of world poor World Bank China Vastly UnderReports Global Fish Catch Police in the Philippines say two officers held captive by communist rebels have escaped after seizing a rifle and shooting their guards. Czechs we're not Chechens Second Boston bombing suspect captured. Reuters live feed El Salvador woman's fetus is anencephalic, can never have a brain. She's critically ill and faces jail time if she goes forward with lifesaving abortion 8000 suspected pot cookies found by Mounties I've never seen anything like it before. It's an unprecedented number of cookies. Suicide Bombing in Baghdad Kills 27 people, at least 3 children British man sues gym over sexist womenonly hours Stonehenge 5,000 Years Older Than Thought 6.9 Earthquake in China Genital Wart Decline in Australia Tracked to HPV Vaccine  The incidence of genital warts declined by more than 90% in adolescent and teenage girls in the first 4 to 5 years after introduction of the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine in Australia Nigerian Girls Sold Into Sex Slavery in Italy  The Domitiana highway was built in 95 AD as a thoroughfare. Now it's more like a 1stop sex supermarket where up to 600 Nigerian prostitutes are found at a time along a 30kilometer stretch of the potholed road. World's oldest ever man turns 116 in Japan Chinese troops intrude into Indian territory in Ladakh Hiding money in the ways & amounts revealed by the 'International Consortium of Investigative Reporters' is a deep kind of social corruption. It goes beyond questions of legality to the heart of modern political economy. Revelations embarrassed govts & exposed rich businesses & individuals. India Doctors Find Bottle, Candle Inside 5yearold Rape Victim N. Korea accepts China's offer for dialogue Chechen president on Boston suspects Look for the roots of their evil in America Saudi Arabia opens luxury religious extremist rehab center for AlQaeda militants Russia, U.S. to step up counterterrorism cooperation  Kremlin Police launch manhunt after a shooting in Southampton, UK Indian police arrest suspect for rape of 5yearold as protests build up hundreds of angry protesters gathered outside the headquarters of Delhi police on Saturday after a five yearold girl was allegedly raped and tortured [Update] No explosive found in suspect letter to Germany's President Gauck. 6.9 Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China ProMoscow Chechen leader blames U.S. for Boston bombing It's always the women at fault for rape. Interviews with 30 senior law enforcement officers in the DelhiNCR region. A senior Iranian cleric says women who wear revealing clothing and behave promiscuously are to blame for earthquakes Pope cancels salaries of cardinals overseeing bank China says aims to banish superstition, promote knowledge Britain's oldest (1,285 year old) oak tree blown over by galeforce winds New Zealand sends man to jail for watching cartoon videos of elves, pixies and other fantasy creatures having sex. China confirms 102 H7N9 cases, 20 deaths More than 60,000 have died in Syria during the twoyear uprising against Bashar alAssad. African students invent anti malaria soap Twentythree Brazilian police officers were sentenced to 156 years in jail each on Sunday for their role in the killing of 111 inmates during Brazils deadliest prison uprising in 1992. 393 rapes in Delhi in past three months China criticizes US for its human rights record Raped, beaten, and enslaved for years  and handed back to her tormentors when she went to beg police for help A 28year old grad student publishes a PhD thesis which blows holes in the current theory of global austerity Inside India's 'NoFrills' Hospitals, Where Heart Surgery Costs Just $800 Vladimir Putin and Barack Obama agree greater counterterrorism cooperation in the wake of Boston Marathon bombing UK stripped of AAA rating 4/20 Pot party no longer a fringe event as thousands descend on Parliament Hill A website used by Russia's North Caucasus rebels denied Sunday any link to the deadly Boston Marathon bombings that have been blamed on two ethnicChechen suspects. the Caucasus fighters are not waging any military activities against the United States of America, After Indian Supreme Court rule against patent protection for a Novartis cancer drug currently sold for US$75 per tablet, Rajasthan state government has announced to provide it free of cost to patients Legendary horses to be slaughtered as Spain's financial crisis deepens purebreds will be turned into horse meat for export come July. Man rescued by surfers after treading water for 27 hours off coast of Indonesia A proposed federal law in Canada could make certain types of cyberbullying as illegal as distributing child pornography. Pyongyang says no to denuclearisation Iran seeks to export oil to North Korea 6.7 magnitude earthquake hits Japan Settlers in Jordan Valley poison Palestinians' sheep, cows. UN investigates North Korea Asks Mongolia for Food Aid. A gunman has opened fire near an arms shop in the Russian town of Belgorod, leaving at least five people dead and one injured. A 14yearold girl is among those killed. /r/worldnews, should we join the CISPA blackout? Eloquent Guantanamo inmate, 60 days into hunger strike, describes constant beatings North Korean missiles placed in attack position Kim Jong Un reaffirms highest level of combat readiness. Canadian Conservatives to propose Bill S7, called the Combating Terrorism Act, Monday. It includes imprisonment for up to 12 months if an individual refuses to testify before a judge. At least 185 killed in Nigeria attack 4channer threatens to kill teacher and as many students as he can in Leiden, The Netherlands India In a silent afforestation campaign, a private company has successfully raised more than a million trees and recorded a survival rate of 90 per cent. The North Korean spy who blew up a plane, now married to intelligence officer in South Korea Syrian army aggressively seizes town near Damascus, confirmed massacre of 80+ ...reports of up to 250 killed inc. women and children Danish single mother on welfare gets $2,600 a month Up to 500 feared dead in Damascus suburb activists New microchip to detect medical viruses  Singapore chip identifies 70,000 viruses in one go, cutting costs and allowing earlier diagnosis. Video shows Burmese police standing by as Buddhists attack Muslims Ball of light turns night to day in Argentina Up to 74 school girls hit by gas attack in Afghanistan North Korea requests food aid from Mongolia as starving state faces 'severe' food shortage Despite assertions to the contrary, Iraqs Kurds are inching towards outright independence Grad Student Who Shook Global Austerity Movement  proof that the proausterity movement is based, at least in part, on bogus math French biologist Francois Jacob, who won the 1965 Nobel prize for medicine for his research into enzymes, has died at the age of 92, a relative told AFP on Sunday. Four soldiers killed while defusing bomb in Thai south Meet Africa's Youngest Billionaire  31 year old Ashish Thakkar Somali reporter killed in fourth journalist murder this year Van Gogh did not kill himself, authors claim. Muslim community tipped off Canada about terror plot Canada to announce arrests after thwarting major terrorist attack CBC Child pornographer Eric Toth from the FBI's Top Ten Most Wanted fugitives finally captured in Nicaragua French Parliament legalises Gay Marriage China states it will never use nuclear weapons against Japan 5 Hour Secret Meeting between WikiLeaks Founder and Google Chairman Eric Schmidt Assad attacked rebels with nerve gas, top IDF analyst says. Based on photo evidence, regime deployed sarin on March 19; over 1,000 tons of chemical weapons in Syria. Pit of hopelessness Guantanamo grows tense, inmates suicidal Malaysian deputy PM says gay rights and freedom of religion campaigners are 'poisoning' the minds of Muslims to accept 'deviant practices' and the right to leave Islam Terrorists in Korea target Americans, but mistakenly fire bomb a Korean own English academy. Japan vows to use force if Chinese land on islands Lego to open its own school. Lego will be opening its own school this summer fusing traditional teaching with its own brand of playcentred learning The faceoff between Indian and Chinese troops escalates Chinese envoy called in Fake bomb detectors were being used in Iraq as recently as last month. Iraqi MP says country has paid 'high price in blood' for fake devices, but officials continue to put faith in them Animalrights activists wreak havoc in Milan laboratory Chinese helicopters violate Indian airspace Tokyo Electric Power Co. refuses to pay 10.55 billion yen ($106 million) for decontamination work around its crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant, saying it is under no legal obligation to do so. The Environment Ministry disagrees. Cod stocks may never recover, study finds Wife of jailed Nobel dissident Liu Xiabo shouts out of moving car, 'I'm not free!' French Embassy in Tripoli Hit by Car Bomb Dutch diplomat jailed for giving secret Nato documents to Russian agents. Five teenaged girls gangraped in Pakistan  Asia, News Japan vows to use force if Chinese land on disputed islands Canada's authorities are expected to announce they have foiled a plot to carry out a major terrorist attack, media reports say. Millionaire businessman convicted of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors Canadian Muslim groups take hard stance against terror plotters; You have nothing to do with our faith Hundreds of Europeans are fighting with rebel forces in Syria [UKScotland] Donald Trump's antiwindfarm ads banned over 'misleading' images  Watchdog also says US billionaire's Scottish golf resort could not substantiate claim that tourism will be harmed by turbines Europe's bankers refuse to admit bankruptcy, and there is no political accountability to make them. Their objective is solely to maintain the face value of their credit book, and thus protect their balance sheets, derivatives, bonuses and status. It is a disaster. Plans to block porn in public spaces backed by British PM David Cameron who wants 'good clean Wifi' Canada train derail plotter says he does not recognize the Criminal Code of Canada, not a holy book Web censorship the net is closing in  across the globe governments are monitoring and censoring access to the web. And if we're not careful millions more people could find the internet fractured, fragmented and controlled by the state Fearing corruption, Hong Kongers reject sending aid to China quake victims. Hong Kong residents recall the $1.2 billion they sent to Sichuan after the 2008 quake that wound up paying for government banquets. Mars One is now accepting applications for oneway trips to the planet Mars. [Bangladesh] At least 70 people were killed and over 600 injured in Savar on the outskirts of the capital Wednesday morning when an eightstoried building housing four garment factories collapsed A Greek court yesterday handed down 18 months imprisonment to a strawberry farm owner and three foremen for involvement in the shooting of 32 Bangladeshis, said the Bangladesh ambassador in Athens. Student seeking Kyoto flat told No foreigners allowed  The Japan Times Israel airport guards may ask 'suspicious' tourists to open their email accounts Ancient Europeans Underwent Mysterious Genetic Transformation 4,500 Years Ago UK may withdraw from European rights convention over Abu Qatada  Downing Street confirms prime minister is exploring temporary withdrawal from European convention on human rights More than 70 people are dead and some 600 injured in Bangladesh following the collapse of an eightstory building on the outskirts of the capital, Dhaka. Taxing Canadians at the border is not the answer to America's problems World Health Organization new bird flu more lethal to humans confirmed cases up to 108 throughout China UK in dark mood as new recession may be confirmed Yemeni Tells Senators About 'Fear and Terror' Caused by U.S. Drones  The drone strikes are the face of America to many. Stripped to the waist, his face heavily bruised and a rope around his neck, the greyhaired Syrian man was led by his captors on a humiliating parade through the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli. I am an Alawite shabbiha, read slogans daubed on the bare chest of the man. Fattest countries in the world revealed Kuwait is top of the list with the highest average body mass index Prominent antisame sex marriage French MP presses wrong button and casts ballot in favour of legislation he opposed Greece pulls nude ancient Olympic statutes after Qatar wanted to cover members with black cloth India to rush troops to Ladakh if no deescalation on faceoff with China Iran Police Dressed a Suspect in Womens Clothing and Parade Him in Public to humiliate him, Iranian men started protesting by posting photos of themselves in woman's clothing. Student wrongly tied to Boston bombing found dead Canadian and American police agencies are in private talks that would allow American agents from organizations like the FBI and the US Drug Enforcement Administration to be accredited as police officers in Canada, with the power to arrest individuals on the street like any Canadian cop. Putin on Boston bombings We suffered from terrorists, whom the West called insurgents Man found dead on London street 'was probably a stowaway who fell from plane's landing gear Dalai Lama Says He Would Support A Woman Successor The Pirate Bay moves to Iceland  thepiratebay.is is now active Swedish police found drugs inside Justin Bieber's tour bus Greenwald on the motives for terrorism Ignoring the role played by US actions is dangerously selfflattering and selfdelusional. Listen to the people who live in the places devastated by US violence... it's long past time that we stop pretending that all this evidence does not exist. WikiLeaks Iceland's Supreme Court rules Visa contractor Valitor must pay $204k per month if continues to block site President of Macedonia comes to Canada, nobody notices Spain Unemployment Hits New Record of 27 Percent Brown University student falsely identified as Boston bombing suspect found dead in Providence River, Rhode Island authorities confirm North Korean soldiers put down arms to help plant crops The North Korean side of the Demilitarized Zone is a hive of activity  not of fighting, but of farming. Tens of thousands of migrant workers in Arab Gulf working as modern day slaves, German banker warns, for $5 a day for 12 hours a day. Employers confiscate workers passports and make them live 6 or 7 to a small room. A Russian historian who lived in Pyongyang as an exchange student in the 1980s recorded some sample math questions from North Korean textbooks. Questions included likened to How many American imperialist bastards does it take to screw on a light bulb? Abortion drug RU486 set to be approved for heavy subsidization by the Australian Federal Government, dropping its price from ~$800 to ~$30 Toronto court rules woman must remove niqab to testify Afghanistan to get $100 million/year to let Chinese copper mining consortium destroy potential World Heritage site of high archeological import India, 2,644 people died during clinical trial of drugs in 7 years Shale mining under Great Barrier Reef 'likely to be banned' Australia's coastline mining industry undergoing a boom as rules relaxed, but Unesco site to be protected under heritage rules Minaret of historic Syrian mosque destroyed in Aleppo. Rebels and state forces blame each other for toppling tower of 12th century Umayyad mosque in Unesco world heritage site North Korea Radioactive gases 'consistent with' nuclear test detected. Iran presidential candidate blasts Ahmadinejad's Holocaust denial Water from comet impact still hanging around on Jupiter A Norwegian resistance fighter who led a daring raid to sabotage Nazi Germany's atomic bomb program during World War II has been honoured at a London ceremony. Machines with the ability to attack targets without any human intervention must be banned before they are developed for use on the battlefield, campaigners against killer robots urged on Tuesday. China's top 70 Members of the Communist Party are worth nearly $90 billion  more than ten times the wealth of all members of US Congress Europe Set to Vote on Pesticide Ban to Save Honeybees  A proposed ban of pesticides called neonicotinoids is gathering scientific support as some experts are calling for more field studies. The goal is to reverse massive honeybee hive dieoffs, which also afflict U.S. farming Chinese troops have erected tents 19km inside Indian territory 94 Guantanamo Bay inmates are now on hunger strike. The men are protesting conditions and their indefinite confinement at the U.S. base in Cuba. Baby burned to death on bonfire in Chile after cult leader decided she was the antichrist Slavery must be recognised in all its guises Sex trafficking is the only human rights abuse that gets proper attention  yet slavery is slavery, no matter what form it takes Moroccos High Council of Ulemas issues death sentence fatwa on apostates who leave Islam White House confirms use of sarin gas in Syria based on blood tests Australian hockey team captain dies after he is bitten by venomous snake he picked up to carry it off the pitch 19 yr old has a plan to remove large amounts of plastic from our oceans Father loses custody fight for child he never knew he had  A cruelly deceived father whose son was put up for adoption without him even knowing of his existence has had his hopes of gaining custody dashed following a court ruling. Google didnt comply with Argentinas request to remove NSFW video of president Japan. Woman dies after heavyset police officer sits on her In a shocking incident, a woman was allegedly injected with HIV infected blood by her husband and inlaws in India for conceiving a baby girl and failing to get more dowry. Heavy use of herbicide Roundup linked to health dangersU.S. study 140 people detained in Moscow for connection to Islamist extremist groups The Biggest PriceFixing Scandal Ever | Politics News Kim Jong Un has over $1 billion in slush funds abroad, while North Korea has an estimated 14 billion in foreign debt. North Korea loses popularity among Russians amid ongoing crisis White man goes on trial in France for 'antiwhite racist' assault Culture war erupts in Israel over attempts to end preferential budgets for ultraOrthodox Instant noodle sales top 100 billion a year Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38 Egyptian Activists Say Their Religion isn't Your Business  Religious violence prompting public debate about religious identity in Egypt. A group of young Egyptians wants to remove religious labels from national ID cards. Greece starts firing civil servants for first time in a century North Korea to indict US citizen on coup charges  a US citizen is soon to go on trial on charges including attempting to overthrow North Korea's government 'You treated her like a piece of meat' Judge's fury as he jails trio of men who abducted girl, 13, and forced her to be their sex slave Gays and lesbians in Chile now allowed to donate blood North Korea Threatens to Carry Out Kamikaze Nuclear Attacks Against the United States China Orders Troops and Tanks to North Korean Border Revenue Canada says BitCoins aren't tax exempt Russian court nixes parole for Pussy Riot band member after penal colony where she is serving a twoyear term complained that she 'didn't repent' North Korea, Iran attack Canadas human rights record at UN forum At 95, Hitler's food taster talks of paranoia, poison fears, vegetarian diet for Nazi leader Russian court denies parole to Pussy Riot convict serving sentence for hooliganism motivated by religious hatred Mother rescues kidnapped son after months when authorities would not help. EU ban on trade in seal fur set to be overturned, in a move that'll reignite 1 of the world's most contentious wildlife issues  European court expected to back pelt traders & sporran makers. Battle being led by 'Fur Institute of Canada'. Chinese president Xi Jinping orders generals and senior army officers to serve as privates Elephant meat sold openly after extensive slaughter American tourist to stand trial in North Korea White House says the US may use military force against Syria HERAT, Afghanistan  Faiz Ahmad says his life has become meaningless since the Taliban robbed him of his ability to work last week by chopping off his right hand and his left foot Taliban Says It Will Begin Spring Offensive Sunday The amount of illegal immigration into the EU drops by close to 50% after Greece tightened its border Antiwhite racism trial begins in France North Korea embraces 3G service  Almost two million North Koreans now use the country's only 3G network Nigeria Number Of Churches Destroyed By Jihadist Group Boko Haram Tops 400 Chinese military planes, mostly fighter jets, made more than 40 flights close to Tokyocontrolled islands on April 23,when 8 Chinese marine surveillance ships entered the 12nauticalmile territorial zone off the islands. Insecticide firms in secret bid to stop ban that could save bees  Lastditch lobbying to sway vote in Brussels to halt use of killer nerve agents American tourist faces death penalty in North Korea for reportedly attempting to overthrow the government by taking pictures of homeless children Portraits of survivors of the Utya massacre in Norway  in pictures These Canadian Cops Are Fighting to Legalize Drugs Men in pickup trucks bristling with antiaircraft guns have blocked off Libya's foreign ministry, demanding a jobs ban on Gaddafiera officials. The Slow and Painful Death of Freedom in Canada Iceland elects the same parties that were responsible for the economic collapse in 2008. British Prime Minister David Cameron abandoned a trip to China planned for this month as Beijing punished him for meeting the Dalai Lama. Cameron is understood to have cancelled the trip after Beijing indicated that he was unlikely to be granted meetings with senior figures. Iceland Pirate Party may win Parliament seats Iraq Halts TV Channels After Deadly Unrest  It's suspended 10 TV satellite channels including AlJazeera, for promoting sectarianism after 5 days of violence kills over 215 people. Collapsed building owner arrested on India border Fight on Mount Everest sparks police probe Female rapists abuse soldier for 4 days A 25yearold soldier was allegedly kidnapped and detained for four days by suspected female rapists, who are said to have sexually abused him several times before releasing him early this week. MPAA Executive Tampered With IFPI Evidence in Internet Piracy Case Catalonia says no to austerity in standoff with government Two factory bosses and two engineers were detained in Bangladesh on Saturday, three days after the collapse of a building killed at least 352 people. The owner of the eightstorey building that fell like a pack of cards around more than 3,000 mainly young women workers was still on the run. NYT Islamist Rebels Create Dilemma on Syria Policy Are Kosovos Leaders Guilty of War Crimes?  Were Serbs shipped to Albania and Organs harvested for sale. Gunshots fired near Italy prime minister's office, injuries Study 45 percent of Bitcoin exchanges end up closing Residents of a number of Sunni cities in Iraq have announced the formation of military forces to counter attack the Iraqi army and its crackdown against antigovernment protesters Almost 30 AntiPutin Protesters Detained on Red Square Chinese military planes made more than 40 flights close to Tokyocontrolled islands at the center of a territorial dispute on a single day last week N. Korea preparing for largescale air, land military exercise along Yellow Sea coast 'It was raining money' Residents of Belgian town scoop up thousands of euros after crooks hurl safe from getaway car (and ignore police pleas to return cash) Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother Judge describes 'wicked and selfish' motive of using daughter to provide parent with a fourth child Three teens, starved, tortured, and killed at a Gay Conversion Camp Powerful blast causes injuries in Prague Bee deaths EU to ban neonicotinoid pesticides The CIA has attempted to buy influence with Afghan President Hamid Karzai by dropping off bags filled with cash totalling tens of millions of dollars. The real cancer killer ripoff prices for drugs. Doctors say industry 'profiteering' threatens lives The biggest source of corruption in Afghanistan, one American official said, was the United States. Act of Terror  arrested for filming police officers 'When police carried out a routine stopandsearch of her boyfriend on the London Underground, Gemma Atkinson filmed the incident. She was detained, handcuffed and threatened with arrest.' Neonicotinoid insecticides now banned in Europe Spain Is Beyond Doomed The 2 Scariest Unemployment Charts Ever. [A]usterity hasn't been [Spain's] path to prosperity. It's been the path to permaslump. Man who ran Canada's only shelter dedicated solely to male victims of domestic abuse dies in apparent suicide A lost ancient Egyptian city submerged beneath the sea 1,200 years ago is starting to reveal what life was like in the legendary port of ThonisHeracleion. Insiders say Canada 'scammedy foreign worker industry. (Claims include Faked Resumes, Visa Violations and Discrimination AGAINST Canadians). Chinas bestpaid banking boss only made $185,000 last year FSA says Israeli jets hit Syrian chemical site Indonesia teens accused of blasphemy over Maroon 5 dance Five Indonesian teenage girls have been accused of blasphemy and may face jail after making a video in which they mixed Islamic prayer with dancing to a Maroon 5 song 52% of Canadians distrust Muslims China is banning the use of privileged military license plates on BMWs, Porches and other luxury cars in an attempt to crack down on abuses and reduce corruption. Israel bulldozes apartments in Palestinian East Jerusalem, evicts 24 people The British nurse who committed suicide after a prank radio call by two Australian DJs reportedly left a suicide note blaming them for her death. Antidrone protests take off in Britain Speed of light may not be constant, physicists say An Indian Guinness World Record holder who attempted to cross a river suspended from a zip wire attached to his ponytail has died during the stunt. Hamas teaches Palestinian schoolboys how to fire Kalashnikovs Japan forgot data wipe on ship sold to Pyongyang China is plundering the planet's seas  and it's doing it 12.5 times more than it's telling anybody Facebook Is Losing Millions Of Users In The US And Other Mature Markets Over 20,000 people applied to become first settlers on Mars Obama 'Guantanamo Bay must close' [BBC News] Dutch Queen Beatrix to abdicate in favour of son As many as 200 civilians have been killed in an attack in Nigeria. Five year old Indian rape victim dies Missiles fired at Russian plane with 200 passengers onboard flying over Syria Women who stole husbands sperm and got pregnant with use of IVF forced to pay compensation Study Germans see Islam as a threat North Korean leader Kim Jongun has stashed away some $45 billion in bank accounts in other people's names in Austria, China, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg, Russia, Singapore and Switzerland, intelligence agencies believe. What Is TPP? It's the Biggest Global Threat to the Internet Since ACTA. Danish sailors freed after 838 days in pirate captivity Billionaires Flee Havens as Trillions Pursued Offshore After Bombing, American Ties With Russia Improve Somalia To Receive International Mail For First Time In 22 Years Maker of useless bomb sniffing rods convicted of fraud after hundreds die. Europe bans pesticides blamed for the decline of bee population How A Female Photographer Sees Her Afghanistan Huge explosion rocks Damascus German embassy in NZ none too pleased by NZ bar having a Hitler piata party for ANZAC day. Bar promises bigger piata next year. Modesty police arrests ratchet fears of radicalized Islam in Gaza Six admit planning to bomb English Defence League rally, but arrived after it had ended! China becomes biggest PC market in 2012 putting it above the United States for the first time Only Canadian company that has admitted to carrying items make in Bangladesh factory, that collapsed, will compensate victims. Last rhinos in Mozambique killed by poachers 2yearold girl gets windpipe made from stem cells Japan and Russia want to finally end World War II, agree it is 'abnormal' not to New Zealand says no to bizarre baby names 4Real, Juztice and Lucifer Split up or son will be expelled, school tells lesbian couple Legally married South African couple said they were called to a meeting with the principal of Secunda Highveld Christian School and were told their homosexuality was problematic Between $21 trillion and $32 trillion of private wealth is held in secret offshore tax havens, according to leaked data. By comparison, the gross world product in 2012 was $83tn Thought to be a myth, an 8th century B.C. Egyptian city, Heracleion, was found sunken 150 feet underwater. Pew Study Muslims across the globe tend to be deeply committed to their faith and believe that it should shape not only their personal lives but the societies they live in Antigravity gets first test at Cern's Alpha experiment Sony CEO and 39 other executives give up bonuses in unprecedented gesture 'to atone for a slump in its embattled electronics unit' Last 15 Rhinos in Mozambique Killed by Poachers Helped by Park Rangers  30 rangers charged with involvement in the shootings. 180 out of 249 rhinos in Kruger National Park slaughtered since Jan. BBC News  Airliner 'had narrow miss with UFO' US Boeing 747 crash in Afghanistan  Huge Explosion (VIDEO) Morocco's police is looking for an atheist activist He is wanted for creating the Council of exMuslims of Morocco and stating there is no God but Mickey Mouse. India's total population is 1.21 billion, final census reveals Garbage shortage looms in Northern Europe Mt. Fuji poised to get World Heritage status The number of people killed in the collapse of a factory building on the outskirts of the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, has passed 400, officials say. UK ministers are preparing to spin off 'dozens' of stateowned services into independent companies in what could be one of the largest privatisation programmes since the 1980s Third of children born in UK have foreignborn parent; white Britons will be a minority by 2066 Mexico's Congress has passed a major reform, in an attempt to make the country's telecommunications industry more open and competitive. Obama preparing to send lethal arms to Syrian opposition, officials say The horrific chemical weapons attack that probably wasnt a chemical weapons attack. A recent strike in Aleppo led Syrians to think chemical warfare had broken out. But a closer analysis reveals something different. Measles Epidemic in Wales Has Roots in Antivax Movement Venezuela brawl 22 hurt in parliament fight between lawmakers | World | News The world's most widely used insecticide is devastating dragonflies, snails and other waterbased species, a groundbreaking Dutch study has revealed. 40 Chinese troops erect 5 tents 19 Km inside Indian territory and have a banner which reads you are in Chinese territory 64 percent of Muslims in Egypt, Pakistan support death penalty for leaving Islam Bankers struggle to live on 1million a year Italys First Black Cabinet Member Bombarded With Racial Slurs, Insults From Far Right Congolese monkey, Zulu and the black antiItalian Brazil Catholic Priest Excommunicated For Defending Gay Rights Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff All oil royalties collected by the state should go into public education funding The FBI's role in 'manufacturing' terrorism Egyptian newspaper claims Jews drink Egyptian blood The Walt Disney Company has ordered an end to the production of its branded merchandise in Bangladesh, and other retailers are considering similar moves, after a factory building collapse left more than 400 dead. Conman James McCormick jailed for 10 years over fake bomb detectors  He sold the models to Iraq, Belgium and the UN Pope Francis Condemns 'Slave Labor' In Bangladesh 'Goes Against God' Guantanamo Attorney Found Dead in Apparent Suicide Police in the Greek capital Athens have stopped the farright Golden Dawn party from handing out free food only to Greeks on the city's main square. Riot police used tear gas to prevent activists distributing food from a lorry on Syntagma Square, where the country's parliament is located. Poll 40% of Palestinians support suicide bombing Why are Buddhist monks attacking Muslims? Bolivian President Evo Morales orders expulsion of USAID We may be a small country, but we deserve respect Turkey is testing blood samples taken from Syrian casualties brought over the border from fighting in recent days to determine whether they were victims of a chemical weapons attack. Many in Muslim world want sharia as law of land survey Israel welcomes Arab League's 'land swap' position Sohel Rana Most Hated Man in Bangladesh  To build Rana Plaza, he bullied landowners & ultimately took their property by force. His political allies gave him a construction permit, despite his dubious claims of title to the land, & a 2nd permit to add upper floors, likely destabilizing the building. Disgruntled Arab states look to strip Canada of UN agency Bombers turn up too late for rally A murderous plot by radical Islamists to launch a gun and bomb attack on hundreds of people attending a rightwing rally in the UK failed after they turned up too late Lawyer who drafted White House drone policy says US would rather kill suspects than send them to Cuban detention centre US Labor Department Website is being Operated by Chinese Hackers and serving Malware