 Human rights activist Ethem Sarslk was shot in the head and killed by the police during the protests in the capital Ankara. Confirmed by multiple witnesses, footage available. Turkish media ignoring the story. Turkish PM To me, social media is the worst menace to society Turkish protesters trying to raise funds for a full page ad at Washington Post or New York Times Girl, 14, gang raped by 4 men, labelled a lack virgin' and condemned to death by her village in rural Pakistan for speaking out about it. Pope Francis meets Atheist Uruguayan president Jose Mujica I think that if they let him, hes going to make a revolution inside the Church, towards simplicity. Hes just like talking to a good neighbour youve known for years Canada set to ban lifelong confinement of pigs in small cages The days of pregnant pigs being confined in cages roughly the same size as their bodies are numbered. Turkish PM There is now a menace which is called Twitter. To me, social media is the worst menace to society Twitter is a troublemaker Turkish PM Stop killer robots now, UN asks  Countries are developing armed robots that can kill without the need for human choice or intervention, and they need to call a halt before it's too late Turkish Union to Strike From Tuesday Over Unrest to support protestors Syria warns its citizens not to go to Turkey because of protests Turtle conservationist shot dead y poachers' on Costa Rica beach  Jairo Mora Sandoval, 26, died just weeks after posting a Facebook plea for police help with turtleegg thieves. Only 'Unevolved Apes Want Nukes!' Japanese Demand End to Nuclear Era Thousands rally in Tokyo as nuclear restarts loom Islamic cleric decrees it OK for Syrian rebels to rape women UK Internet provider Sky Broadband has quietly started to restrict access to a wide range of proxy sites through which subscribers could reach Piratebay, Kat.ph, Movie2k and other blocked sites. Flo Rida refuses to pay $400,000 in damages because he doesn't think Australia has any jurisdiction over him. Almost 100 Afghan schoolgirls poisoned in suspected gas attack Turkish Leader Defies the Turkish people and Says Protests Will Not Stop Plans for Park Calling protesters looters and bums, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that plans to demolish a public park would continue, despite public opposition Laos Admits Handing Over North Korean Defectors to Pyongyang Prague evacuated, state of emergency as floods grip Czech Republic Protests in Turkey Reveal a Larger Fight Over Identity For many Turks, the development of urban spaces is not so much progress as a reflection of growing autocratic ambitions by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and a fight against Islamism Egypt's Supreme Constitutional Court has ruled that the nation's Islamistdominated legislature and constitutional panel were illegally elected, dealing a serious blow to the legal basis of the Islamists' hold on power. [xpost /r/LegalNews] Insight North Korean economy surrenders to foreign currency invasion Turkeys Leader Blames Rioting on Extremists Portugal stage biggest protest since 1974 revolution whilst international mainstream media ignores it Turkish protesters raise $55,000 for fullpage ad in New York Times | World news This is a place for Arabs, he said, before headbutting victim. French court convicts north African of antiwhite racism Why Finnish babies sleep in cardboard boxes Turkish police captured smashing down windows and throwing gas bombs to a civilian house! Turkish Military helping protestors with paramedics and face masks distribution Peaceful Turkish protester has been shot by Turkish police, 4 times, in head. The protests in Turkey have brought together people from all walks of life, including engineers, teachers, construction workers, leftists and even some former supporters of Prime Minister Erdogan. They are demanding changes in a country that is more divided than ever before Turkish government is giving instruction to the seized news channel to not broadcast the speech of the opposition party leader[TURKISH, Translate link on the comments] 3,000 Injured in Turkey Protests Turkish protestors using encryption software to evade censors 22yearold man shot in the head during protest in Turkish town of Antakya near Syrian border; a defiant Erdogan says that protesters who are responsible for country's worst riots in years are arm in arm with terrorism. King Mohammed VI of Morocco refuses to meet Erdogan Police in the UK force shopkeeper to stop selling a Tshirt that says Obey our laws, respect our beliefs or get out of our country Turkish president Abdullah Gl defends people's right to protest Turkish union starts strike. The leftleaning confederation has some 240,000 members in 11 unions Turkish PM Erdogan while on visit to Morocco says about protestsThe situation will soon calm down. I will return from my visit and the problems will be solved Colombias controversial cure for coke addicts Give them marijuana American woman gangraped in India Controversy erupts over dancing ban in Indonesia. Why? Shariah Law. Turkish stock market falls 10.5% as demonstrations escalate Israeli female soldiers disciplined for racy Facebook photos [NSFW] 7 rhinos killed by poachers in Kenya's bloodiest week  Kenyans aghast as deadly coordinated attacks bring country's rhino death toll to 24 this year. I'd be surprised if there were over 500 left in Kenya. Oil Spill in Amazon Basin Threatens to Damage Ecuadorian National Park with Greatest Biodiversity on Earth Greek leftists march in support of Turkish protesters As Turks Challenge Leaders Power, He Tries to Expand It Turkish police started arresting people for tweeting and facebooking about the protests (local news from CNN Turk needs translation) Tens of thousands in Iran protest against Khamenei, chant 'death to dictator' Facebook blocks links to Turkish protest organizing tool Explicit evidence of Turkish state violence  in pictures An Islamic centre in north London has been destroyed by a fire in an apparent racially motivated attack. Activists in Turkey have demanded the sacking of police chiefs in Istanbul, Ankara and other cities over their forces' violent responses to protests. Russian police uncover subterranean migrant city The city contained a factory complete with sewing machines and tables where the illegal migrants were kept to sew clothes... The underground complex was also equipped with a market, cafe, cinema and casino. Beijing allegedly went dark at noon because of smog and storm Third person killed in Turkey protests Internet Surveillance and Free Speech the UN Makes the Connection  Communications surveillance should be regarded as a highly intrusive act that potentially interferes with the rights to freedom of expression and privacy and threatens the foundations of a democratic society Secret Photographs of Hitler Bunker in Berlin. Starting in 1987, Robert Conrad risked his freedom to secretly photograph Adolf Hitler's decaying bunker in what was then East Berlin. Disguised as a construction worker, he snuck inside some 30 times, and has now finally revealed his work. Latvia to become 18th eurozone member Erdogan wrecking Turkey's image as model democracy, critics say BBC News  France 'confirms sarin use in Syria' UK Muslim father threatens to honour kill his daughter, walks free Istanbul United protests bring rival fans together, for now 50,000 Rally in Hong Kong on Tiananmen Square Anniversary Saudi Arabia bans Viber because it cannot monitor it Japan tests 310mph bullet train Turkish Official Apologizes for Force Used at Start of Riots Chinese Girl Raped by Indian Man in Hong Kong, Chinese reactions No miniskirts on buses, Beijing police tell women to avoid harassment. Pakistan's new PM calls for halt to US drone attacks. The ruling Liberal Democratic Party is compiling a new set of defense guidelines that would allow Japans armed forces, for the first time, to develop offensive capability, and to strike first if an attack appears imminent Former Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Jansa sentenced to two years for corruption Mr Erdogan has intimidated the media into selfcensorship as the protesters choked on tear gas, the television networks carried programmes about cooking and penguins. More journalists are in jail in Turkey than in China. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said plans to redevelop a park in Istanbul will go ahead despite mass protests now in their seventh day. Church of England gives up fight against gay marriage The Church of England has effectively accepted defeat over gay marriage signalling that it will no longer fight against a change in the law. Turkish Protests Are About Democracy, Not Religion 18yearold Paris student left brain dead after brutal attack by farright skinheads Girl Gang Raped in Pakistan Dares to Fight for Justice Pope Francis says wasting food is like stealing from the poor Israeli judge resigns after commenting some girls 'enjoy being raped' | CTV News UN Countries that engage in bulk, warrantless Internet surveillance are violating human rights Turkish police arrest 25 people for using social media to call for protest BBC Crowds in Taksim Square bigger than ever tonight. Teacher who had over 200 child porn pictures on his computer is allowed to return to work. Former Mexico president calls for marijuana legalization IMF 'to admit mistakes' in handling Greek debt crisis and bailout. Hamas Orders Christian Schools In Gaza To Enforce Sharia Gender Separation Rules Or Face Closure North and South Korea Agree to First Dialogue in Years Spanish MPs abolish subsidised alcoholic drinks in parliament bars after public outcry. Theres no money for school lunches, but there is some for gin and tonics In Nigeria, They are killing people without asking who they are. When they see young men in traditional robes, they shoot them on the spot. German High Court Supports Equal Tax Privileges for Gay Couples Brilliant! Spanish town mailing unscooped poop to the dog owners who leave it behind. Fake farm concealed underground growop in Langley, B.C. Sheep and pig help disguise growop bunker as hobby farm Turkish trade unions join protests against PM Erdogan Iran bans dogwalking in public and warn animals could be 'arrested' if caught outside Police slash ankles and arms of more than 70 men in Papua New Guinea A mousesized fossil from China has provided remarkable new insights into the origin of primates. At 55 million years old, Archicebus, which roughly translates as ancient monkey, represents the earliest known member of this broad group of animals that includes humans EFF has so much evidence of the NSA surveillance now that they've created a timeline White House admits it has 'access' to Facebook, Google Leaked NSA presentation claims that NSA has direct access to servers at Google, Apple, Facebook, Skype, Yahoo, and many others Anonymous Just Leaked a Trove of NSA Documents PRISM Is Also The Name Of A Product From Palantir, A $5 Billion Tech Startup Funded By The CIA UK gathering secret intelligence via covert NSA operation Monsanto says it can't explain how GMO wheat from program discontinued 9 years ago could have survived out in the wild Russian President Vladimir Putin and his wife announce their 'marriage is over' U.S. intel mining data from nine Internet companies in broad secret program Erdogan returns to Turkey No power but Allah can stop Turkey's rise. Cambodia approves a law making it a crime to deny that atrocities were committed by the genocidal 1970s communist Khmer Rouge regime Thousands of citizens of Sarajevo are blockading the parliament and not allowing the ministers to leave Sweet conspiracy? Nestle, Mars charged with chocolate pricefixing in Canada Turkey's 'Other 50 Percent' Demand a Voice  Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan is driving a wedge through his country. While one half reveres him as a savior, the other reviles him as a dictator. By continuing to condemn his opponents and ignore their demands, he is playing a dangerous game. 165 kidnap victims freed in Mexico The Internet is a Surveillance State Six newspapers, one title. Six big Turkish papers all headline the exact same quote from a speech by prime minister Erdogan made yesterday, reflecting the media censorship. Amount of Carbon Dioxide in the Air is Now Higher Than Any Time in the Last 3,000,000 Years British MP caught on camera, You look like a bloody Jew Fire at Cattenom nuclear power plant in France (35km from Luxembourg) (French/German article) Heracleion Photos Lost Egyptian City Revealed After 1,200 Years Under Sea PM who takes things personally Erdogan to demolish park despite protests BBC News  Rape suspect buried alive in Bolivia Occupy Istanbul hits London with major protest France in shock after teenage farleft activist dies following fight with skinheads What we have... is... concrete proof of U.S.based... companies participating with the NSA in wholesale surveillance on us, the rest of the world, the nonAmerican, you and me, Mikko Hypponen, chief research officer at Finnish software security firm FSecure. Glenn Greenwald, journalist who broke the PRISM story U.S. wants to destroy privacy worldwide NSA Prism Why I'm boycotting US cloud tech  and you should too. 'Not subject to American law'  the next desirable IT feature Male train drivers in Stockholm have found a novel way to get around a workplace ban on wearing shorts at work. They have taken to wearing skirts to keep cool in train cabs that can reach up to 35C Web inventor BernersLee warns forces are 'trying to take control' When government officials came to Silicon Valley to demand easier ways for the world's largest Internet companies to turn over user data as part of a secret surveillance program, the companies bristled. In the end, though, many cooperated at least a bit. More than 100 of the world's most powerful people are at the former manor house near London for a secretive annual gathering, the Bilderberg meeting, that has attained legendary status in the eyes of anticapitalist protesters and conspiracy theorists. Assange US rule of law suffering 'calamitous collapse' Putin orders crackdown on Islamists, police detain 300 people. We must fight back hard against extremists who, under the banners of radicalism, nationalism and separatism, are trying to split our society, Putin said Archaeologists are working to save a Buddhist site of immense significance in Afghanistan from imminent destruction by a Chinese mining firm. Thousands turn out for Tel Aviv Gay Pride Parade Indeed, when the U.S. says only nonU.S. citizens are targeted in some instances, that certainly suggests that Canadians are a potential target. Obama orders US to draw up overseas target list for cyberattacks Saudi billionaire prince sues Forbes magazine because it understated his wealth by $10 billion UK government 'complicit' in NSA PRISM spy program, may have bypassed international treaties Erdoan accuses EU members of hypocrisy over Turkey protests  Turkish PM says methods used by Turkish police to quell demonstrations are little different from those used in US and UK Corporate power has turned Britain into a corrupt state Westminster lobbying is the least of it. Revolvingdoor colonisation of public life is a corrosive threat to democracy The last rebel stronghold near the strategic town of Qusair, western Syria, has fallen to government forces, Syrian state TV says. Saudi Silence on Deadly MERS Virus Outbreak Frustrates World Health Experts. Middle East respiratory syndrome, a cousin of SARS, has sparked global concern for its pandemic potential, but Saudi Arabia has yet to release information that could help protect the rest of the world. British Intelligence watchdog flies to Washington to demand answers on snooping scandal Too many immigrants in France, says exPM Fillon  Eyeing his conservative UMP party's nomination for the 2017 presidential election, former prime minister Franois Fillon said Thursday that France needs to reduce the number of immigrants it allows into the country. Mars rover, Curiosity finds evidence of drinkable water on mars. Dont dump radioactive groundwater into sea, Fukushima fishermen tell Tepco A suicidal man started a fire on a packed commuter bus in southeastern China that killed 47 people, state media report. Turkey protests Erdogan rejects EU criticism Turkish game show host breaks selfcensorship by making answers about ongoing unrest 70 times. The real story in the NSA scandal is the collapse of journalism Bradley Manning Nobel Peace Prize Petition Gains 65,000 Signatures (VIDEO) New NSA slide released by Guardian Prism takes data directly from servers, 4 other programs take data from cables Celebrated scifi author Ian Banks dies of cancer Egyptian government holds secret meeting on preventing/destroying Ethiopian dam. Unbeknownst to them, the secret meeting was being broadcast on live television. A man in an Afghan uniform turned his weapon on American trainers working with him in the eastern province of Paktika, killing three of them, while an attacker with a grenade killed an Italian soldier in the west, officials have said. Ankara police disperse protesters with tear gas as Turkish officials say 'process is under control' Turks tango in their gas masks as they defy orders of Prime Minister and carry on with protests UK Police visit piratebay proxy PirateSniper's owners home demanding a shutdown  was reportedly handed a letter and ordered to shutter the site or face criminal action. Russian TV show taken off air over joke on Putin divorce NASA's Mars rover Opportunity has made perhaps the biggest discovery of its nearly 10year career, finding evidence that life may have been able to get a foothold on the Red Planet long ago Angry Pakistan summons envoy after U.S. drone strike kills nine Gardeners To Be Deprived Of Heirloom Seeds Under E.U. New Directive U.S. and Chinese leaders agree North Korea must shed nuclear weapons Truck carrying fireworks hits moose, shuts down TransCanada Highway for five hours and lights up the sky Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on Friday abandoned his plan to build a new shopping mall on one of the few green patches in central Istanbul, but he insisted on razing the park nevertheless, a mixed signal that could prolong weeklong protests here and in other cities. Afghanistan Women in parliament receive threats  from fellow lawmakers The Singapore way of censorship blogs must be licensed, license costs $39500 Widespread dumping of asbestos in Australia Experts are warning that there is widespread illegal dumping of asbestos waste around the country and it's costing tens of millions of dollars each year and exposing thousands of Australians to deadly health risks. Islamic Extremists Kill 13 in Northeast Nigeria US waives human rights condition on $1.3B in aid to Egypt North and South Korea hold official talks on restoring commercial cooperation German report Berlin a hub of Hezbollah activity; 950 members in Germany, 250 in Berlin; Hezbollahrun orphanage used to fundraise for suicide bombers targeting Israelis. Edward Snowden the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance Icelandic Legislator I'm Ready To Help NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden Seek Asylum Germany most snooped EU country by US Why The NSAs Secret Online Surveillance Should Scare You George Orwell isnt who you should be reading to understand the dangers inherent to the NSAs dragnet. Youd be better off turning to famous French social theorist Michel Foucault' Why Edward Snowden's flight to Hong Kong might be brilliant. The NSA whistleblower could exploit a loophole in the Chinese territory's asylum system to buy himself some valuable time. Revelations of a huge, secret U.S. Internet spying program have raised awkward questions for allies, forced to explain whether they let Washington spy on their citizens or benefited from snooping that would be illegal at home. Why Canadians Should Be Demanding Answers About Secret Surveillance Programs 'Canada has similar disclosure provisions as those found in the USA Patriot Act.' After PRISM, 'Boundless Informant' tool comes to light Meet the U.S. NSA's global intelligence tracking tool, Boundless Informant, the latest intelligence secret exposed by leaked information Turkey erupts The new young Turks. Many are strikingly young; but there are plenty of older Turks, many secularminded, some overtly pious. There are gays, Armenians, anarchists and atheists. Technology giants struggle to maintain credibility over NSA surveillance scandal Syrian rebels execute teenage boy for heresy An alQaedaaffiliated opposition group has allegedly executed a teenage boy in Syria in front of his family, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The boy was shot by the group for supposedly blaspheming. A senior figure in Hong Kong law enforcement has suggested NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden should leave the city. Microsoft admits Patriot Act can access EUbased cloud data (2011) Syrian rebels 'execute teenager' in Aleppo for blasphemy Canadian marijuana seed magnate and political dissident Marc Emery, in solitary confinement in US prison Egyptian girl dies while being circumcised Experts Canadian version of NSA, CSEC, Capable Of Similar Surveillance Rep. Peter King calls for NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden to be extradited from Hong Kong IMF admits it failed to realize austerity's damage on Greek economy NSA whisteblower Edward Snowden gives interview about why he made his decision to leak. 300,000 ancient manuscripts were saved from rebels in Timbuktu, but now face a slow death by rot Brazil 'on alert' over Ecuador spill Brazil is on alert over an oil spill that originated in Ecuador and is travelling downstream towards the Brazilian Amazon, officials say. A Heros Welcome for Snowden on Chinese Internet Tear gas is a booming business Thousands flee as German dam bursts NSA surveillance The US is behaving like China Both governments think they are doing what is best for the state and people. But, as I know, such abuse of power can ruin lives By Ai Weiwei European member of parliament on PRISM We really need to wake up. This is serious stuff. The government knowing everything, literally everything about us, and we are unable to exercise any meaningful democratic scrutiny? That is not a democracy. Dutch intelligence has access to PRISM, reveals existence of moles in companies Astronaut Chris Hadfield announces resignation  Tony Blair There is a problem within Islam and we have to put it on the table and be honest about it. It has at its heart a view of religion that is not compatible with pluralistic, liberal, openminded societies. Turkey imprisons more journalists than any other country TransCanada Whistleblower says Oil Industry organized crime Chinese internet users call for an Edward Snowden of their own Chinese Internet users back Snowden, call on government to protect him Google chief wrote about 'terrifying' surveillance months before NSA leaks Turkish riot police move into Taksim Square  live updates | World news NSA builds its largest data farm... Ever. Daniel Ellsberg Edward Snowden, Saving Us From the United Stasi of America  Snowden's whistleblowing gives us a chance to roll back what is tantamount to an 'executive coup' against the US constitution NSA Prism scandal Russia would consider Edward Snowden asylum claim  live coverage | World news Allies concerned about privacy, want answers about US surveillance programs German bank employee falls asleep on keyboard, transfers millions Edward Snowden not safe in Hong Kong, warns human rights chief  Hong Kong authorities have cooperated with the CIA in the past to remove enemies of US, says Human Rights Watch director Police gathering around Taksim square in Turkey. Interventions expected shortly. Russian congressman It would be a very good idea to give Edward Snowden a political asylum. We will certainly look into a political asylum for Snowden if he applies for one says Putin presssecretary. Merkel to Raise NSA DataGathering Program in Talks with Obama Next Week  It's good and necessary for the U.S. to rethink its antiterror legislation. says Justice Minister Obama pressured by European leaders to explain NSA surveillance tactics  Information chiefs worldwide sound alarm while US senator Dianne Feinstein orders congressional review of NSA program Prince Harry saved gay soldier from homophobic attack Taliban Beheads Two Boys in Southern Afghanistan A Chinesemanned spacecraft has blasted off with three astronauts on board for a 15day mission to an experimental laboratory, the latest step towards the development of a space station. Turkish police have begun to invade square where the protests were taking place. Live TV In Unanimous Vote, Russia Passes Bill Making It Illegal To Tell Kids Gay People Exist Germany Demands Obama Explain AmericanStyle Stasi Methods before his visit. World's oldest man dies at 116 years. He was also the only man remaining born in the 19th century. The NSA Has A Secret Group Called TAO Thats Been Hacking China For 15 Years Thousands of Russians march through Moscow demanding Vladimir Putin resign Russia Passes AntiGay Bill, 4360 Famous Norwegian lawyer gets U.S visa revoked by the NSA after talking to his norwegian/chilean client on Facebook about his terror charges against the Norwegian government. 'The worst case of scientific censorship since the Catholic Church banned the works of Galileo' Scientists call for drugs to be legalised to allow proper study of their properties  Science  News Archaeologists have uncovered thousands of Stone Age underground tunnels, stretching across Europe from Scotland to Turkey, perplexing researchers as to their original purpose... Nigerian cook survives two days under sea in shipwreck air bubble Lawyers Rail At Police Response To Turkey Protests Thousands of blackrobed lawyers are storming out of their courthouses in Turkey, shouting about the rough treatment police dished out to their colleagues amid Turkey's biggest antigovernment protest in years. Europe warns US you must respect the privacy of our citizens  EU officials demand answers on what data snooping programmes entail and whether they breach human rights 86 Civil Liberties Groups and Internet Companies Demand an End to NSA Spying EU to ban blocking websites in Europe and throttling by ISPs A small group of civilian police officers staged a fake attack on Turkish police this morning to legitimize police brutality Germany slams US for Stasi methods ahead of Obama visit London police confiscate sleeping bags and food parcels from homeless people Not only did the police not deny the confiscations, they argued that such actions were justified on the grounds of protecting the public from the negative impact of homeless people Turkish media fined for harming development of children, youth (by reporting on the protests) Guardian Snowden considered NYTimes untrustworthy for sitting on NSA warrantless wiretapping scoop for a year Gays and religion offenders are criminals now in Russia. Parents of Navy SEAL Killed in Afghan Crash File the First Suit on NSA Spying Man shot in both legs for disobeying an illegal curfew set by local Muslims in Trinidad For any Canadians who think just being a Canadian means the NSA and PRISM won't be affected, think again NSA surveillance Private Facebook correspondence between lawyer and terror accused client was monitored by NSA (Norwegian, Google Translate) Greece downgraded from developed market to developing market Defend Edward Snowden! Snowden is not the one betraying the democratic principles embodied in the Bill of Rights. By exposing the conspiracy against these rights and coming forward at the cost of his career and possibly his life, he is defending them. Kim Dotcom concerns over government tyranny are legitimate Prism concerns over government tyranny are legitimate The post 9/11 security narrative has eroded our privacy rights in favour of government control. Prism should be discontinued immediately Vladimir Putin defends the U.S. on NSA spying programs and drones Thats the way its done in the U.S., and thats the way its done in Russia Afghan Doctor Killed by Angry Mob for Examining a Female Patient Without a 'Chaperone' Turkish Prime Minister issues a final warning to protesters to leave Gezi Park in Istanbul Obama administration convinced EU to drop measure that would have blocked NSA spying Kim Dotcom releases new raid footage captured by in house CCTV Justices rule human genes cannot be patented Hong Kong activists plan rally in support of Edward Snowden Eleven organisations plan to stage march to oppose extradition to the US of former CIA employee behind NSA spying claims Maid dies after torture, weighing 38 kg/80 lb. Turkish PM says Taksim Square will be cleared within 24 hours, lashes out at EU resolution condemning excessive use of force, suggests Israel satisfied with unrest Snowden [I] would rather stay and fight the United States government in the courts, because I have faith in Hong Kong's rule of law. Syrian rebels massacre entire christian village. Snowden Claims U.S. 'Trying to Bully' Hong Kong for Extradition I am not here to hide from justice; I am here to reveal criminality, France Disconnects First FileSharer From the Internet  After three years and millions of warning letters, the French threestrikes antipiracy law Hadopi has resulted in the first Internet disconnection Brazillian journalist killed with 44 bullets We have information that his newspaper was very combative and that he made many accusations 1/3 of All Honeybee Colonies in England Didn't Survive Winter  British Beekeepers Association attributes worst losses since survey began to washout summer leading to long winter, exacerbated by late spring Greece shuts down public broadcasting (TV) Turkey protests Lone Pianist brings welcome calm to Taksim Square Death Toll in Syria Tops 93,000 since start of conflict Afghan parliament upholds right to marry children The government may have not received personal data from the tech giants directly, but private contractors that comprise %70 percent of the NSA may have... Afghan parliament upholds right to marry children Turkish protesters party in square despite ruling party call Syria 60 Shia Muslims massacred in rebel cleansing of Hatla Almost unnoticed, the UN is about to fight its first war. 3,000 Soldiers from South Africa, Tanzania and Malawi wearing UN insignia will take on the irregulars who sow mayhem in Congos east. Google finds that Pakistan leads in searches for gay pornography despite the country's overwhelming opposition to homosexuality PRISMstyle surveillance is global, Julian Assange says Edward Snowden revealed something that I've been speaking about for a long time, providing clear concrete proof that the internet has penetrated every aspect of society, right along with it is mass surveillance, he said. Russian man reveals he is a homosexual to friends, Friends then beat him, shove beer bottles in his anus, try to set him on fire. Then they crushed his head with a heavy stone. Britain says NSA leaker Snowden not welcome in UK Moscow unconvinced by US evidence of Syrian chemical weapons use The US tried to present us with information on the use of chemical weapons, but frankly we thought that it was not convincing...We wouldnt like to invoke references to the famous lab tube that Secretary of State Powell showed Syria Has Used Chemical Arms on Rebels, U.S. and E.U. Say There are more journalists in prison in Turkey than in any other country. Prime Minister Erdogan tolerates no criticism, and aggressive prosecution of journalists on often questionable charges has fostered an atmosphere of anxiety and selfcensorship. Yahoo Fought the Good Fight Against PRISM But Failed Forget PRISM Global Cyberchiefs Meeting in Israel Say They Need to Pry Even Further Iran picks new president, bids adieu to Ahmadinejad The Obama administration successfully lobbied the European Commission to strip its dataprivacy legislation of a measure that would have limited the ability of US intelligence agencies to spy on EU [European Union] citizens, according to three senior EU officials. Why I Have Nothing to Hide Is the Wrong Way to Think About Surveillance Britain asks airlines to block U.S. NSA leaker Snowden report Pictures of people hurt during a demonstration against the raise of bus taxes in So Paulo. Most of these people aggressed by the police were reporting for the press or just passerbys. Syrian rebels pledge loyalty to alQaeda The Shocking Amount of Wealth and Power Held by 0.001% of the World Population The level of inequality around the world is truly staggering 4th day of protests in Sao Paulo, Brazil Classified US government data shown to the SCMP by Edward Snowden has provided a rare insight into the effectiveness of Washington's topsecret global cyberspying programme. The small sample data suggests NSA attacks on HK computers had a success rate of more than 75% Edward Snowden anned from flying to UK' Syrian opposition fighters arrested with chemical weapons last month by Turkish police Norway introduces genderneutral conscription as first country in the world According to evidence uncovered by The Associated Press a top commander of a Nazi SSled unit accused of burning villages filled with women and children lied to American immigration officials to get into the United States and has been living in Minnesota since shortly after World War II. Egyptian artists rally against 'Islamisation' of culture Turkish Protesters Sing Les Miserables protest song Hassan Rouhani wins Iran presidential election UK's 5 biggest banks lose 2.4 million customers in protests against banking scandals Syria chemical weapons  no questions asked; At briefing No one, not one person asked if the Obama administration would make public any of its proof that the Assad regime had used chemical weapons. Here in Brazil, what started, 4 days ago, as a protest over the hike of the public transport fares, turned out as protests over freedom. Police brutally repress protesters in So Paulo, hitting unarmed people with rubber bullets and tear gas as they chanted no more violence. At least 3 journalists were arrested and many injured. Russia says any attempt to enforce a nofly zone over Syria using F16 fighter jets and Patriot missiles from Jordan would violate international law 20th Century Laws Meet 21st Century Surveillance Why Metadata Surveillance is a Serious Concern 'Canada has its own metadata surveillance program. The program was discontinued in 2008 after concerns that it could involve illegal surveillance of Canadians, but was secretly restarted in 2011.' India's Ministry of External Affairs claimed it had no record of Julian Assange's request for asylum. Two days later, Assange provides the Times of India with the receipt issued by the Indian high commission in London for his letter seeking refuge. Protesters in Turkey Vow to Continue Fight Google has revealed topsecret plans to send balloons to the edge of space with the lofty aim of bringing Internet to the twothirds of the global population currently without web access Erdogan claims Jewish investors behind protests BusFare Protests Hit Brazils Two Biggest Cities  The New York Times France 'cuts off' illegal downloader's web access As the French government is rethinking its policy towards Internet users who illegally download copyrighted material, a court has sentenced one offender to 15 days without (some) online services. UN secretary general says US arming Syria rebels 'would not be helpful'  live United Arab Emirates Law mandating midday break for workers in comes into effect today India to send world's last telegram on July 14. US Congress prepares to hand Israel an additional $188 million dollars AFP 25 dead as bombs target women students in Pakistan Patriot batteries, F16s and 4,500 US troops were deployed near the Syrian border earlier this week as part of a scheduled military exercise Offshore Leaks web app lets you sort through gigabytes of leaked financial data ICIJ Releases Offshore Leaks Database Revealing Names Behind Secret Companies, Trusts How Obama crossed his own line on Syria after months of debate Banned pesticides may be having wider environmental impacts A new report indicates that a class of pesticides linked to the deaths of bees may also be posing a risk to soil, water and graineating birds. Early results put Rouhani ahead in Iran poll Moderate cleric takes commanding lead in country's presidential election based on early results, interior minister says. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has urged the US to repeal the huge federal budget cuts introduced this year, denouncing them as excessively rapid and illdesigned. Turkish European Union minister Everyone who enters the Taksim Square to be treated as terrorist. Iran's new president in his own words What I truly wish is for moderation to return to the country. This is my only wish. Extremism pains me greatly. We have suffered many blows as a result of extremism. New Zealand law permits 'low risk' designer drugs The legislation is the first in the world to regulate new recreational drugs based on scientific evidence of their risk of harm Tear gas and explosions as Police tries to clear Gezi Park in Istanbul Activists in Turkey claim police targeted medical facilities with water cannon and tear gas Turkish Police are putting acid in the Crowd Dispersal Water Cannon Fluid. Police have forcibly removed throngs of protesters from Istanbuls Taksim Square. Tonight was the most violent police crackdown since the initial protests. BBC suspends ties with Turkey's NTV over protests coverage The UK's Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg Arming Syrian rebels is currently 'the wrong thing to do' Iran will send 4,000 troops to aid Bashar alAssads forces in Syria Turkish Police use their water cannon to spray the German hospital in stanbul German Greens party cochair receives medical attention after being affected by tear gas in Taksim Square, Istanbul It was like war Roth told media. With the Prime Minister's command, police is preparing for intervention to protests in Gezi Park in Turkey. Police enter Istanbul's Gezi Park Riot police pour into Istanbul before Erdogan rally Guardian Brazilian cities rocked by violent clashes Citizens of World Cup hosts Brazil tell the world not to come next year. Gezi Park Radio's message to the world We take back what's ours! Like something out of a movie, Davide Martello plays the piano to quell the crowds in Taksim Square, Turkey 13 Shocking Photos Of Brazilian Military Police Brutalizing Protesters in So Paulo Turkish union federation to call general strike this Monday after police raid in Gezi Park, Istanbul Fighting the poachers on Africa's thin green line. Underpaid, illequipped and outnumbered, park rangers fight a onesided war against vicious gangs of poachers Turkish riot police clash with defiant protesters in Istanbul Nobody can intimidate us. We take no orders or instruction from anyone but God says Erdogan. PM uses tear gas to dispel protesters stadium in Brasilia (FIFA Confederations Cup 2013 in Brazil) Julian Assange was willing to go to Sweden to answer allegations. All he wanted was a guarantee he wouldn't be handed over to the United States. Sweden refused. Police brutality caused a pregnant victim to miscarry on Saturday night; six rounds of teargas was fired into an impromptu medical clinic housed in a tent in Istanbul. PM Erdogan threatens news reporters Turkey is not a country that international media can play games on. Turkey threatens to deploy army to end unrest An 18yearold girl beheaded her father with a bush knife after he repeatedly raped her at their home in Papua New Guinea Its about to go down in Aleppo, Syria. as 80,000 troops are about storm the city. Corrosive chemicals in Turkish Police water cannons  causes blisters Putin questions why Western powers support Syrian rebels who eat human organs' Turkish PM appears to be a man so intoxicated with power that he's lost all grasp of reality and doesn't seem to realize how much damage his ego is doing to an entire country Dozens of Photos Showing Toxic and Chemical Gas Canisters Used on Protesters in Turkey 'Hateful' Speech in Istanbul Erdogan Throws Fuel on Flames He cleared out Gezi Park with brutal violence, disparaged the protesters as terrorists and railed against the foreign media...Erdogan is inflaming the conflict once more. But the protest movement shows no signs of backing down China calls for explanations of US surveillance North Korea ready to discuss nuclear disarmament JPMorgan calls for authoritarian regimes in Europe The authors of the JPMorgan report are arguing for governments to adopt dictatorialtype powers to complete the process of social counterrevolution that is already well underway across Europe UK secret service intercepted foreign politicians' comms during G8 Julian Assange Ecuador will continue to grant asylum The Ecuadorian government will continue to ensure that he continues with the protection we have given him under asylum in our country, protecting his life, his personal integrity, and particularly his freedom of expression. Montreal Mayor Michael Applebaum arrested by anticorruption unit 400 Year woman found in backyard,costs couple 5000$ in fees. The Chinese government has ordered firms in heavypolluting industries to cut emissions by 30% by 2017. Turkish government says it may use army to end protests The Turkish government has said it may use the armed forces to end nearly three weeks of unrest by protesters in Istanbul and other cities. I don't recognize the European Parliament, says PM Erdogan Egyptian Bloopers 'Our War Is With America and Israel' Teenage Girl Beheads Father After He Raped Her In Papua New Guinea Home' A Finnish company have spent 10yrs devising a carbon fibre lift rope that will be able to raise an elevator 3,300 feet. The effectiveness of elevators is one of the main constraints when building tall buildings, so UltaRope could result in buildings worthy of the name 'skyscraper' infantile Climate science debate has cost precious time, expert warns. Commission report says evidence of rapidly changed climate has strengthened. There have been attempts to undermine the science. The science has been attacked and scrutinised and it's stood up. UK spies hacked diplomats' phones, emails, Guardian reports Protesters in Brasil World Cup website hacked to show the world what's happening in Brazil right now. Brazil is under Siege Protest in all Major Cities. Rio 100 thousands, Sao Paulo, 65 thousands. Brasilia, Capital Congress was invaded. Turkish government threatens to deploy the army against protests and to prosecute doctors who treated wounded protesters in Gezi Park Brazilians spend as much as 26% of their income to ride the bus A quarter of a million people flooded the streets of cities across Brazil last night to protest against police violence, political corruption and World Cup spending. A single man has been standing still for hours at Taksim square to protest Turkish government. Others are joining one by one Iran ready to halt 20% uranium enrichment, West must reciprocate Iran has confirmed it is prepared to halt its enrichment of 20percent uranium, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said, urging Western nations to end their sanctions against Tehran. Bill Clinton in Israel No matter how many settlers you put out there, the Palestinians are having more babies than the Israelis as a wholeYouve got an existential question to answer 98yearold charged with 'unlawful execution, torture' of Jews during World War II Brazil protests over World Cup costs spread nationwide Turkey A Weekend of Police Abuse Many Protesters Arrested; Hospital Targeted  detailed report from Human Rights Watch Obama's Soft Totalitarianism Europe Must Protect Itself from America 'In a letter sent today to the US Congress, an international coalition of nonprofit organizations called upon the U.S. government to protect the privacy and freedoms of not only its citizens, but of people everywhere.' New Snowden leak NSA, Britain's GCHQ, eavesdropped on foreign leaders Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm will be extradited to Denmark where he faces several new hacking charges. Pregnant Muslim woman loses baby after being kicked for wearing Islamic veil Kerry quietly releases $1.3bn military aid package for Egypt Barbra Streisand Women shouldn't sit in back of bus in Israel Orthodox Jews in Israel shouldn't treat women as second class citizens Brazil's Poor Pay World Cup Penalty Inside the stadium, president Dilma Roussef was booed as she inaugurated the BrazilJapan match. Russian parliament passes antihomosexual laws Brazil is, right now, facing numerous and pacific protests in its main cities (Rio, So Paulo, Braslia etc.). Millions in the streets demanding an efficient and less corrupt government. Kim Jong Un distributed copies of Mein Kampf to senior officials, ordered them to study the Third Reich 'in depth' and 'that practical applications be drawn from it' Governement working on draft to restrict social media in Turkey 'World Heritage Sites' Wants Drilling & Oil Exploration Banned in Gorilla Sanctuary  It's 1 of the last places on Earth you should go looking for oil. Virunga National Park is Africas oldest & has the most species. Permits are held by international conglomerates, including French Total. Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe vows to make 'hell' for gays and lesbians, says they'll 'rot in jail' if he's reelected An open letter from the Turkish TV Network , to be closed down tomorrow because it broadcasted Protest coverage Subway Contractor Destroys Ancient TombsWorkers have destroyed over 12 historically significant tombs ( 2,2003,000 yrs old) on China's Da Gong Mountain. Yesterday we were still conducting archaeological excavations, but all 5 tombs were gone this morning. Bosses of collapsed banks should be sent to jail, Chancellor told China executes a Communist party official for raping a series of underage girls, some of whom were reportedly as young as 11 Egyptian President appoints member of terror group that once massacred 62 tourists in 1997 to run tourism region Alan Grayson I saw the secret trade deal (TPP). There is no national security purpose in keeping this text secret. This agreement hands the sovereignty of our country over to corporate interests. NASA announces a Grand Challenge focused on finding all asteroid threats to human populations and knowing what to do about them We need to find all those that might be a threat to Earth Kim Dotcom All Megaupload servers 'wiped out without warning in data massacre' The information stored on the dormant servers  petabytes of pictures, backups, personal & business property  was what Dotcom called evidence in the case US authorities launched against him in January 2012. Senior bankers guilty of reckless misconduct should be jailed, a longawaited report on banking commissioned by the British government has recommended. Dolce and Gabbana sentenced to jail for tax evasion | BBC News A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace Security forces raid homes across Turkey as top officials threaten military crackdown Megauploads former hosting provider Leaseweb has deleted all Megaupload user data from 690 servers without warning. Petabytes of data and backups, mostly from European users, are now lost forever. Kim Dotcom outraged. Tens of thousands of Brazilians again flooded the streets of the country's biggest city to raise a collective cry against a longstanding lament Islamists press blasphemy cases in Egypt. 'Blasphemy cases were once rare in Egypt, and their frequency has increased sharply since the revolution' North Korea has angrily denied a report that its ruler used Adolf Hitler's memoir as a leadership guide, threatening to kill the authors of the report. US President Barack Obama has used his public speech in Berlin to propose cuts of onethird in American and Russian nuclear arsenals. Erdogan Casts Bankers as Villain of Turkish Protests Saudi women activists get jail time for helping starving mother locked in home Suicide bomber, gunmen attack U.N. office in Somalia Cat stands for election in Mexican city Campaign shines light on political disenchantment with slogan 'Tired of voting for rats? Vote for a cat' Syria's Islamists seize control as moderates dither The moderates are losing ground...Small shops selling black headbands, conservative clothing and black balaclavas have popped up around the city and their business is booming. Snowden seeks asylum in Iceland through intermediary Turkish PM Erdogan warns on irth control game' unnamed 'they' seek to 'sterilise' Turks with contraception, Csections and abortion China completes internet monitoring scheme in Tibet. Tibetans required to register for internet and mobile phones under real names Canada bill that bans wearing masks during an unlawful assembly or riot carries a maximum 10year prison sentence, scheduled to become law today Australian state passes law allowing unimmunised children to be banned from childcare centres Pope Francis says that financial speculation and corruption were keeping millions of people in hunger and the financial crisis could not be used as an alibi for failing to help the poor AP Sources have stopped talking  US seizure of journalist records called 'chilling' Pirate Bay cofounder sentenced to 2 years in prison for hacking Brazilian police join demonstrators Almost half of boys and one in five girls in Jordan's capital city, Amman, believe that killing a woman who has dishonored, or shamed, her family is justifiable, a study of teenagers' attitudes reveals Singapore is currently covered in hazardous haze and smoke due to Indonesia burning its forests. Indonesian minister claims Singapore is behaving like a small child over the hazardous haze Pel, Brazils greatest footballer and one of the best players of all time, has shocked Brazilians by urging them to forget the protests sweeping the country and concentrate on cheering for the national team China introduces execution for extreme environmental offenders Image of Gas Attack Against Lone Brazilian Woman Goes Viral Shocking images of police violence draw muchneeded attention to protests and larger issue of police brutality Palestinian children tortured, used as shields by Israel U.N. Drone 'Signature Strike' Witness Responds To Obama Speech 'I Don't Trust A Single Word' Egypt's Coptic Christians say they are 'no longer safe' in Egypt Leaked doc shows USA has started an Internet War Schneier Six teenage soccer players sentenced to just two years in prison for kicking a referee to death. The U.S. military is actively trying to destroy a lot of what it brought to Afghanistan Pool party in Mexico, goes bad when party organizers pour liquid nitrogen in the pool. Party goers asphyxiated, not poisoned. Shared symbols of a generation in revolt Ordinary people, with no ideological axe to grind, have found the means to resist the sham nature of Democracy in countries around the world. Brazilians protester win So Paulo mayor announces reduction in bus fares New MERS (Middle East respiratory syndrome) virus spreads easily between people and has a 65 precent fatality rate, compared with SARS 8 percent. The source of the virus is still unknown. Taliban offer to free US soldier in exchange for Afghans held at Guantanamo Beforeandafter satellite photos from Darfur show entire villages wiped off the map Australia will not recognise gay and lesbian marriages performed overseas In Brazil, mayors of So Paulo and Rio de Janeiro have agreed to lower the price of public transportation back to preprotest levels More than 300 thousand people protesting in Rio right now! Occupy Brazil happening simultaneously in over 100 cities, totalling a few million people on the streets right now Japanese scientists are expecting to be granted approval to grow human organs in animals and then harvest them for transplant within the next year. This could be the moment Brazilians decide theyve had enough of 500 years being exploited by the same people. Andy Martin reports on Sao Paulo The case of a 12yearold girl who is pregnant after being raped for years by her father and others in a La Paz prison has sparked outrage in Bolivia over the practice of letting children live in jails. The Around The World in 80 Jobs blogger has had his concept stolen and name trademarked by Adecco. (xpost from r/travel) Anonymous to release secret North Korea military documents June 25 The UK patent on Viagra runs out today making it cheaper than a cup of coffee... Happy Friday Chaps. 15 million Egyptians have signed a petition calling for President Morsi's Resignation Istanbul is silent right now. Because tear gas killed its birds. Israeli man shot in Jerusalem at the Wailing Wall for shouting Allah Ackbar Brazillian newspaper on the mass protests in Brazil Everything was going so well and suddenly we are replaying Tahrir Square, suddenly, with no warning, no crescendo. Egypt orders $2.5mln worth of teargas from US despite plunging economy Argentina caught a Chinese ship trying to steal 180 tonnes of its squid Calgary (Alberta, Canada) flooding forces evacuations, 100,000 may be affected Palm Oil Companies Most Likely Caused Record Fires in the Rainforests of Indonesia Chinas economy is freezing up Turkish Embassy in Washington, DC gets the Standing Man treatment A very bad air day in Singapore this week, as seen by NASA's Terra and Aqua satellites. McLibel leaflet was cowritten by undercover police officer Bob Lambert  McDonald's sued green activists in longrunning David v Goliath legal battle, but police role only now exposed PalmOil Giants Dodge Responsibility for Toxic Smog Covering Singapore. Recordbreaking hazardous smog forces millions indoors Chinese students protest against increased steps to stop cheating. Hope brought me to America A North Korean defector tells his inspiring story of surviving famine, escaping hell, and finding a new purpose Syria Children 'dying by the roadside' as refugees flee for the border Over 1,000,000 people are protesting on the streets in dozens of Brazilian cities British spy agency has secret access to the world's Facebook posts, phone calls, emails and internet history World Bank Insider Blows Whistle on Corruption, Federal Reserve Putin If the United States ... recognizes one of the key Syrian opposition organizations, alNusra, as terrorist ... how can one deliver arms to those opposition members? Death of AIDS in sight  A trial of the only vaccine to offer partial protection from HIV, after 30 years of research, was started in South Africa this week. US files criminal complaint against Edward Snowden charging him with espionage. Jon Stewart encourages Egyptian counterpart If your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you dont have a regime Increasingly brutal tactics are being used in an attempt to break the hunger strike by detainees at Guantnamo Bay, including making cells freezing cold and the use of metal tipped feeding tubes. Syria 'I saw rebels execute my boy for no more than a joke 'Worse than NSA' UK Spy Agency Amasses 'World's Communication' Documents reveal a fiveyearold government surveillance system that dwarfs all others in its scale and capacity to collect metadata on the world's communications US 'to charge Edward Snowden with spying' UN report accuses Israel of child torture I am proud to be called a radical Buddhist In Burma, Buddhists are increasingly embracing extremism and calling for the deaths of Muslims Feel Free To Kill Protesters, said Brazilian Public Prosecutor Massive flooding in Southern Alberta. Estimated 100,000+ people evacuated from their homes, highways washed out, houses lost. CIA secretly providing training for Syrian rebels report Snowden faces execution as sealed complaint charges espionage Christian women forced to parade naked in Pakistan Majoritarianismthe credo of an expanding group of elected but autocratic rulers around the world, which holds that electoral might always makes you rightis not true democracy, even if, on the face of it, the two things look alike. It is worth explaining why. UN Impossible to determine Syria chemical attack perpetrator even with US evidence Anonymous We Have Stolen North Korean Military Documents German Chancellor Angela Merkel told President Putin that German art seized by the Soviets in the wake of World War II should be repatriated, a claim the Russian leader swiftly rejected. Brazilian President has spoken on national TV 100% of oil royalties going to education, import of thousands of foreign doctors to improve the health care system, elaboration of national urban mobility plan. WHO calls emergency meeting to respond to SARSlike outbreak, called MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome)  incubation time 12 days, fatality rate 60% The World Cup may be transferred to the United States according to news agency. American Friends do not let that happen, it is your money that they're going to use  More information in the comments  Portuguese Link Suppressed report accuses respected industries, including telecoms giants and insurance companies, of hiring criminals to steal data Assange It is getting to the point where the mark of international distinction and service to humanity is no longer the Nobel Peace Prize, but an espionage indictment from the US Department of Justice. GCHQ Taps this is a pivotal moment democracies are becoming national security states; what once looked like science fiction is now an everyday reality China slams US as worlds biggest villain for cyber espionage Turkey's crowds return, armed only with flowers Google handed over years of emails belonging to WikiLeaks chatroom admin Google informed 2 Icelandic activists that a US court order mandated a secret search in 2011 Turkey  Police attacking people gathered to commemorate the victims of previous police violence. China's Xinhua news agency condemns US 'cyberattacks' They demonstrate that the United States, which has long been trying to play innocent as a victim of cyberattacks, has turned out to be the biggest villain in our age, says Xinhua. A senior Australian rabbi who failed to stop sexual abuse of young boys at Sydney Jewish school claims the victims consented to sexual relations. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is trying to block access to books for blind people in nonEnglish speaking countries. TransPacific Partnership, a secretive trade agreement with 10 other nations, to let corporations directly challenge laws & regulations  It's about tying the hands of democratically elected govts & shunting authority over to the nonelected for the benefit of multinational corporations. Google 'mistakenly collects' private information from WiFi networks with Street View cars, and 'mistakenly' holds on to data for over a year after pledging to destroy it In an effort to break Guantanamo detainees' hunger strike, US authorities are using metaltipped feeding tubes and making rooms freezing cold. Maya City Discovered in Jungles of Mexico  Hidden for centuries, there are 3 monumental complexes, numerous pyramidal structures, ballgame courts, patios, plazas, monuments & residential areas. Some structures appear to have been reused at some point, something not found elsewhere. Jgermeister promotional party incident with liquid nitrogen ends with 9 people hospitalised and with one left in a coma. GCHQ monitoring described as a 'catastrophey German politicians  Federal ministers demand clarification from UK government on extent of spying conducted on German citizens America claims privacy invasion but British intercepted all Irish communications in early 1990s Chinese astronauts succeed in manual docking with space lab  World How angry is Brazil? They're getting pissed at Pel. Aston Martin Driver Allan Simonsen Killed In Le Mans Crash 250,000 Brazilians return to streets as protests focus on government corruption Russias SOPA Passed By Lawmakers, Site Blocking Begins In Weeks Aggressive new antipiracy legislation that allows for sites to be rapidly blocked by ISPs upon allegations of copyright infringement passed through its final two readings in Russias State Duma 4,000yearold Egyptian statue in UK museum moves on its own In the favelas on the frontline of protest, Brazilians ask who is this World Cup for? PM Erdogan accuses antigovernment protestors of insulting Islam, alleges international conspiracy at proAKP rally. UK Report reveals that firms routinely hire criminals to steal rivals' information 'UK police knew 6 years ago that firms were hiring private investigators to break the law and further their commercial interests, yet the police did next to nothing to disrupt the unlawful trade' Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to seven years in jail Caught on tape Ireland's financial ruin  Banking Execs talk about lying to regulator, and their playbook to take as much taxpayer money as possible. Snowden exposes criminals, criminals are going for him now British intelligence has monitored internet users much more heavily than the US....why that should alarm us Protests in Bulgaria going on for about a week, being ignored by the international media. We are abandoning Afghans who worked with U.S. troops to a certain death. America's Afghan And Iraqi Interpreters Risk Lives But Wait Years In Danger For Visas Uzbekistan Bans Meaningless Songs That Dont Praise The Motherland Swedens top antipiracy company has admitted that using streaming movie sites to watch illicit content is not illegal and little can be done to stop it WikiLeaks' Assange says Snowden is healthy and safe Egyptian women rising up against sexual harassment. '99.3% of Egyptian women surveyed reported experiencing some form of sexual harassment. Men pay few penalties for grabbing and groping women in a violent manner' Edward Snowden fails to show up for Moscow to Havana flight  live Nelson Mandela's condition becomes critical Australian government shelves data retention plans. The Australian government has said that it will not progress plans for a mandatory data retention scheme. MI5 feared GCHQ went 'too far' over phone and internet monitoring Global Surveillance The Public Must Fight for its Right to Privacy Moody's downgrades rating on nine Hong Kong banks. Undercover UK police were sent to look for dirt on murder victim Stephen Lawrence's family BBC News  Kerry warns of Snowden consequences for Russia and China Edward Snowden is due to fly out of Russia in the next few hours in a bid to seek asylum in Ecuador. Kim Dotcom case threatens New Zealand Government Europeans Will Now Know When And What Data Gets Compromised It's Becoming More Clear How Hard Hong Kong Just Slapped The US In The Face PM Erdogan defends riot police tactics in Turkey protests Four Egyptian Shiites Slaughtered by UltraConservative Muslims in Egypt Islamic Militants Disguised as Policemen gun down 10 Foreigners and a Pakistani Guide in Mountain Camp Leaked emails reveal that Standard and Poors and Moodys accepted money for higher ratings before the financial crisis. Amnesty International chimes in on Snowden case USA must not hunt down whistleblower Edward Snowden Afghan Presidential Palace is Under Attack Putin Says Russia Won't Extradite Edward Snowden Putin confirms Edward Snowden is in Moscow airport transit zone Overzealous data collectors in the US and Great Britain have no right to investigate German citizens. The German government must protect people from unauthorized access by foreign intelligence agencies, and it must act now. This is a matter of national security. The United States Wiretapped The Mail Of The European Parliament Russia Rebukes U.S., Insisting Snowden Not Within Border. The Obama administration's inability, at least for now, to influence China, Russia and countries in Latin America that may accept Mr. Snowden for asylum, like Ecuador, brought home the limits of American power around the world. Iceland has withdrawn its bid to join the European Union An increasingly frustrated Obama administration escalated its criticism on Monday of Russia, China and Ecuador, the countries that appeared to be protecting Edward J. Snowden. Snowden never entered Russia admits Moscow Given the colossal scale of the technologies both in place and coming online soon, it is conceivable that the US government intends to intercept, store, catalog, and profile the activities of every single person with a cell phone or an Internet connection... about 4.5 billion people. [Dutch link] Dutch Internet TV program exposes Europe parliamentarians who check in to work, and leave 5 minutes later. This gets them 300 Euro's. When confronted they get angry and hit the camera. Jon Stewart, on Egypt's version of the Daily Show, criticizes Morsi's persecution of political comedians If your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you dont have a regime. A joke has never ridden a motorcycle with a baton into a crowd, a joke has never fired tear gas into a park. Edward Snowden leaves reporters chasing shadows around an airport On its side, the Obama Administration has the courts, the intelligence services, Congress, the diplomatic service, much of the media, and most of the American public. Snowdens got Greenwald, a woman from Wikileaks, and a dodgy travel document from Ecuador. Which side are you on? Zimbabwe MP who just published damning report on missing diamond funds dies in 'road accident'... after warning German police arrested a 57yearold trucker accused of carrying out 762 shootings on European highways over the past five years Policeman Who Shot And Killed an unarmed protester Ethem Sarslk In Turkey, was released From Jail today. Even though his murder was caught on video! Michael Hastings Sent Email About FBI Probe Hours Before Death Brazil's President Rousseff calls for constitutional vote to quell protests. The streets are telling us that the country wants quality public services, more effective measures to combat corruption ... and responsive political representation Istanbul's 2020 Olympic bid chief is backing Turkish protesters Trauma of spy's girlfriend 'like being raped by the state' American CEO Being Held Hostage in China by his own Factory Workers BBC releases statement after the Mayor of Ankara threatened one of their reporters in social media Why U.S. Is Being Humiliated By The Hunt For Snowden Extrajudicial assassination, drones, killer robots, extraordinary rendition, black ops, wet ops, psyops, silly ops... The world is a bit tired of all this American posturing, grandstanding, and selfserving banditry. Netherlands closing prisons due to lack of prisoners Two girls and mother killed in northern Pakistan over a home video showing them enjoying the rain Former Icelandic minister asked 8 or 9 FBI agents to leave country  Agents said they were there to stop hackers, were really investigating WikiLeaks. Chris Hedges Defends Snowden's Heroism in the Face of a Growing Smear Campaign If there are no Snowdens, if there are no Mannings, if there are no Assanges, there will be no free press. Snowden, in asylum letter, says fair trial unlikely I believe that, given these circumstances, it is unlikely that I would receive a fair trial or proper treatment prior to that trial, and face the possibility of life in prison or even death. Mainstream Corporate Media Is More Interested in Capturing Snowden Than Condemning the Abuses He Exposed Kevin Rudd trumps Julia Gillard in bid for Australian Labor Party ballot. 57  45. (NYT) Snowden, Through the Eyes of a Spy Novelist in the last week both he and his former employers have misplayed their hands... (He) did not start out as a spy, and calling him one bends the term past recognition. Spies dont give their secrets to journalists for free. Australia Julia Gillard has been voted out of leadership by her party only 2 months before the election and replaced by former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd. Latin America is ready to defy the US over Snowden and other issues | Stephen Kinzer The Terminal Snowden stuck in Moscow airport, 'can't buy ticket' with invalid passport. Cancelling Snowden's passport and bullying intermediary countries may keep Snowden permanently in Russia, warns WikiLeaks Snowdens (Encrypted) Files Are Out There if Anything Happens To Him US demands Russia give up Snowden Thanks, says Putin Every time the US 'demands' something from another country without considering the other parties' interests and motivations, it weakens itself. Vladimir Putin has been pointing this out Bitcoiners rally behind Snowden Though the U.S. revoked Snowden's passport, Assange revealed that Snowden was supplied with a refugee document when he left Hong Kong by the Ecuadorean government, allowing him to travel. Gay student beaten to death by farmer who was convinced the young man was 'the devil'. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard calls a leadership ballot for 7pm Wednesday to decide who will lead the country to the next election Whistleblowers will continue to leak state secrets, warns AP chief Ecuador tells U.S. to send its position on Snowden in writing Pope Francis sets up special commission of inquiry into the Vatican bank Russia Syria Will Be Armed With Weapons That Have Never Been Seen Before In the Middle East More recordings of Irish bankers, One heard laughing as deposits come in from Germany as a result of a Bank Guarantee Germany blasts Britain over GCHQ's secret cable trawl  Minister questions legality of mass tapping of calls and internet and demands to know extent to which Germans were targeted Australian Government changes Prime Minister to Kevin Rudd at a vote of 57  45 Ecuador president blasts coverage of Snowden case They've managed to focus attention on Snowden and on the 'wicked' countries that 'support' him, making us forget the terrible things against the U.S. people and the whole world that he denounced. Equador Gets Sassy and Offers U.S. 23 Million In Human Rights Training. The CIA's Plan To Cut Down On Leaks Was Just Leaked. Ecuador waives U.S. trade rights over Snowden case WikiLeaks Volunteer Was a Paid Informant for the FBI. Sigurdur Siggi Thordarson served two masters, working for the secretspilling website and simultaneously spilling its secrets to the U.S. government in exchange for $5,000. Happy endings ruled not illegal in southern China. Giving men masturbation in exchange for money will not be considered an act of prostitution, and those who provide these services will not face prosecution. Africa's Western Black Rhino is Now Officially Extinct Additional US data mining revealed by the guardian. Obama I'm Not Going to Be Scrambling Jets to Get a 29YearOld Hacker Ecuador waives US trade rights after threats made over Snowden case  Ecuador said on Thursday it was waiving preferential rights under a US trade agreement to demonstrate its principled approach to the asylum request of former American spy agency contractor and whistleblower Edward Snowden. Edward Snowden given safepass to Ecuador The British inventor of the World Wide Web accused Western governments of hypocrisy in spying on the Internet while lecturing repressive leaders across the world for doing exactly the same The US got Snowden's middle name wrong in the extradition request it sent to Hong Kong First Unlooted Royal Tomb of Its Kind Unearthed in Peru. Three queens were buried with golden treasures, human sacrifices. Henry Kissinger In the American press Syria is described as a conflict between democracy and a dictator. But thats not whats going on, Syria Islamist Rebels Attack Christian Village, Kill Priest Trying To Defend Nuns Inside Convent Outrage over Syrian rebels assaulting catholic monastery, killing hermit Facebook Accepted but Twitter Rejected to help Turkish Government on Protests US wont try to intercept Snowden flights  Obama Botswana, the world's largest diamond producer, has started to auction its own diamonds for the first time instead of selling them in Europe. [During] the Cold War, practically every telephone call in both directions between East and West Germany was monitored by the secret services on both sides of the Berlin Wall. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990, international monitoring operations were not halted, but rather extended. US boss held captive by Chinese plant workers until he agrees to severance packages. George Orwell's birthday celebrated in style in Utrecht (Netherlands) [translated link] Japan's public broadcaster sued over use of English words. Elderly viewers confused by increasing trend to use anglicised terms instead of their Japanese equivalent Report 36 killed after knife gang attacks China police station Vatican rentaboy prostituion ring revealed by priest Japan's Whaling is Not Science, Expert Witness Tells World Court  The Japanese practice of catching & killing some 1,000 whales a yr can't be justified as science, the World Court was told in a case Australia has brought against Japan. A mysterious Facebook character from Zimbabwe steals secrets from the ruling party every day and shames politicians for alleged corruption and brutality, often including their mobilephone numbers with instructions to call and demand answers Ecuador's president to U.S. Don't threaten us on Snowden case.It is outrageous to try to delegitimize a state for receiving a petition of asylum. The former secondhighest ranking officer in the U.S. military is now the target of a Justice Department investigation into an alleged leak of classified information about a Stuxnet attack on Irans nuclear program. France Restaurants selling 'homemade' dishes must be prepared from raw ingredients Hundreds protest Obama visit to South Africa UK set to become the first country to allow the creation of babies using DNA from three people. Syrian Orthodox Bishop beheaded by Syrian Rebels  Intifada Palestine Five phone hacking defendants, including Rebekah Brooks and Andy Coulson, have lost a last ditch attempt to block their prosecution. Egyptians call for a 'second revolution' The Most Hated Man on Chinas Internet Won't be Missed  Fang Binxing, creator of the Great Firewall of China, is all too familiar to Chinese internet users. So when Fang, head of Beijing University of Posts & Telecommunication, announced he's resigning, the reaction was brutal. China lifts 17year ban on Dalai Lama photos at Tibet monastery Christiane Amanpour is sued by Turkish newspaper's managing editor for broadcasting the protests in Istanbul and harming Turkey's public image (need help for translating the article) A group calling itself RedHack hacked into Istanbul Special Provincial Administration, deleting city debts and renaming a school. [translation] Turkish PM's treason claims against BBC reporter chills other journalists. Turkish journalists see Recep Tayyip Erdoan's attack on presenter for BBC's Turkish service as a warning to them all German parliament approves tax equality for gay couples German Chancellor Angela Merkel has warned against supplying arms to the militants in Syria, saying the risks of the move are too high Censorship U.S. military blocks access to Guardian articles At least 22 people have been killed after a series of bombs exploded in busy coffee shops and other public spaces across Iraq. In north and south Baghdad on Thursday, two blasts tore through cafes where scores of young men had gathered to watch a televised football match. Kevin Rudd becomes first Australian prime minister to support gay marriage. Cambodian orphans donate to help Alberta flood victims Turkish security forces fire on protest in southeast, one dead Kim Jung Un wants his army to build A Tourist beach resort French aid worker Pierre Borghi spent four months in shackles, imprisoned by the Taliban in a hole in the ground. But an opportunity to escape eventually came his way, thanks in part to the weight he had lost on the Taliban diet. The Obama administration and members of Congress are pressing India to curb its generic and inexpensive drugs which are essential to providing lifesaving treatments around the world. A wave of anger is sweeping the cities of the world. Politicians beware. Saudi Arabias Feared Islamic Police Raid Wedding After Groom Seen Holding Brides Hand US army blocks access to Guardian website to preserve 'network hygiene' Peruvian peasants rally to stop a $5 billion American gold mine project, which they say would ruin the local lakes Moscow teens decapitate homeless man, then play soccer with his head US student stabbed to death during Egypt protests was in the country teaching ... U.N. Admits Drug War Is Floundering, But Is Regulating Recreational Drugs the Answer? A highly contagious coronavirus with a 55 percent mortality rate is poised to move globally with an impending religious pilgrimage. German chancellor Angela Merkel has slammed the conduct of some Irish bankers who were caught on tape joking about an EU bailout. Merkel has called their attitudes an insult to all hardworking people. Tibetans Allowed to Openly Revere the Dalai Lama in Two Chinese Provinces Canada in landmark move to strike out hate speech law Mexico Leader of Leftist Party Is Fatally Shot one week before Local Election UK may be the first country to allow threeparent babies in order to prevent inherited mitochondrial defects. Bombs hit Iraq funeral and football stadium, killing 22 Hell to pay Residents angry as RCMP seize guns from High River homes Syrian Christians face 'ethnoreligious cleansing'  Russia debates letting Snowden in; Government official says he deserves protection and should file asylum request A Vatican cleric and two other people were arrested Friday by Italian police for allegedly trying to smuggle 20 million euros in cash into the country from Switzerland by private jet. Half of Britains mosques have been attacked since 9/11 There remains a lack of political will to tackle Islamophobia, warns Government adviser Iran's PresidentElect Nation Voted for Change Snowden asked to brief Russian parliament on US espionage Facebook denies sharing user information with Turkish govt 1.2 Million Stolen on its way to US Federal Reserve. UK's top general in Afghanistan has said West should have talked to Taliban a decade ago after they had just been toppled from power. The United States taps half a billion phone calls, emails and text messages in Germany in a typical month and has classed its biggest European ally as a target similar to China.. U.S. bugged EU offices, computer networks European officials reacted with fury Sunday after a report that the U.S. National Security Agency spied on EU offices. The European Union warned that if the report is accurate, it will have tremendous repercussions. How Chevron Turned the Tables in Ecuador  Faced with a $19b fine for polluting Ecuadors rainforest, Chevron has launched a nonstop attack, hauling them into court in New York, accusing them of fraud & extortion, going after Ecuadors judicial system as well. And it's working. A British teen on holiday in Turkey was stripped naked and knifed 17 times for kissing a local Turkish girl in a bar All participants in St Petersburg gay pride arrested for marching Shiites are now being lynched in Egypt Ecuador President Snowden Can't Leave Moscow Revealed secret European deals to hand over private data to America Irish Bankers Lied to get Bailout Leaked Tapes Show Croatia becomes 28th member of European Union Victims of Notorious Magdalene Laundries to be Compensated  Irish govt to pay 58m euros ($75m) to 100s of women forced to work at Catholic Church's laundries  10,000 women & girls were put through great hardship from 19221996. Nuns treated them like slaves. European Union concerned over claim of US spying and head of the European Parliament has demanded full clarification from the US A Pakistani Christian girl who was arrested for blasphemy last year and forced into hiding for fear of her life has moved to Canada Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square to demand justice for slain protester Saudi Arabian Women's Conference... With Not A Female In Sight The day that the river turned black More than 200 villagers have died from cancer in the past 10 years in a village near a heavily polluted river in China's eastern Anhui Province. The village, with a population of just 1,000, is one of a number of socalled cancer villages near the Huaihe River. UK's ancient forests could spread again thanks to plan to clone 'supertrees' Ecuador has asked the Kremlin for talks over the fate of fugitive US intelligence whistleblower Edward Snowden At stroke of midnight, Croatia to join European Union Croatia will become the 28th EU member on Monday, some 20 years after gaining independence in a bloody civil war Egypt group 22 million signatures against Morsi Global agribusiness giant Monsanto angers Australia farmers by increasing stake in local crop company Recent leak exposes Ecuador's own surveillance state. In response, Ecuador files for copyright violation to get documents taken down. Woman who sits on death row for blasphemy is still at least two years away from an appeal date PAKISTAN Impossible to stomach Merkel slams Irish bankers who fudged bailout figures Germany ready to charge UK and US intelligence over alleged bugging operations  Europe  World In 2009, a German politician sued to have 6 months of his stored metadata released by his cell phone company, this is what it looks like. French president demands any US spying cease now Germany to charge UK and USA with spying. Army estimates 'millions' of protesters on Egypt streets It is the biggest protest in Egypt's history, the source told AFP Muslim Brotherhood Headquarters Destroyed In Egyptian Protest Edward Snowden asking 15 countries for asylum, Russian official says Dutch Rabobank refuses to fund US fracking and to provide any money at all to US farmers who lend their land to it Afghan soldier defuses suicide vest with terrorist still wearing it Putin tells Snowden to stop leaking Iranian Female Swimmers Time Goes Unrecorded Because Government Say Her Bathing Suit Was Too Revealing India's Seed Savior Goes Against the Corporate Grain  Debal Deb, a scientist building a seed bank, is helping save 920 varieties of indigenous rice using traditional methods. Working with locals, he hopes to make farmers independent of big corporations & GM crops, opening access to local seeds. EU threatens U.S. with dropping trade (translation) Revelations that the US has spied extensively on the EU and European countries have infuriated leaders in Brussels and Berlin  and could endanger the transAtlantic freetrade agreement. Important American voices are demanding that Obama come clean. French president told to grant asylum to Edward Snowden for revealing illegal US surveillance of Europen governments. Thousands of Egyptians gather in Tahrir square to protest against the Morsi regime Germany summons US ambassador over 'Cold War' spying leaks The Oxford grooming ring was promoted by imams who encourage followers to think white women deserve to be punished, an Islamic leader has claimed. Hundreds of thousands protest for democracy in Hong Kong Russian politician says it would be 'morally impermissible' to hand Edward Snowden to US Donald Trump, on trying to build another golf course in Scotland Wind farms are a disaster for the environment Shotguns, petrol bombs and rocks as protesters try to storm Muslim Brotherhood HQ in Cairo Japan spends millions in order to be 'Cool'. Japans Upper House gave final approval to a $500 million, 20year fund to promote Japanese culture overseas, called Cool Japan US Secretary of State John Kerry has responded to allegations that the US bugged the offices of its allies, saying its activities were not unusual in international relations. France is top industrial espionage offender according to WikiLeaks cable Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow Angry residents in a town in southern Ukraine stormed the local police headquarters after authorities refused to detain one of two police officers implicated in the brutal gangrape of a young woman A teenage actress in Pakistan is in a critical condition after a television producer threw acid in her face when she turned down his marriage proposal. Snowden needs world's protection Part of 5,000yrold pyramid, 1 of oldest in the Americas, destroyed by private construction companies that want the state landThis isnt the 1st time they've tried to take this land. They say they're the owners, though this land is untouchable. An irreparable loss to Peru. Not a single climate change denial book is published by a University Press. 90% are not peer reviewed. 72% have a verifiable link to a conservative think tank, the rest are selfpublished. If [Snowden] wants to stay here, there is one condition He must stop his work aimed at harming our American partners, as strange as that sounds coming from my lips,  Putin Sex workers, immigrants, and transgender being rounded up and imprisoned in camps across Greece Major banks still involved in money laundering, says top regulator Edward Snowden has abandoned his request for political asylum in Russia after Moscow told him he would have to stop leaking US intelligence reports Author of EU antiecig bill, who was forced to resign after soliciting bribes from big tobacco companies, caught moving millions of dollars to Bahamas. OneThird Of Britons Are Too Poor To 'Join In With Society' Many On Lowest Incomes Cannot Buy Consumer Goods, Visit The Cinema Or Go On Holiday China has a new rule that children must visit their parents over age 60 frequently and make sure their financial and spiritual needs are met. Swedish Women Drop Burkas and Enter Stockholm Mosque BareBreasted; Pandemonium Ensues Edward Snowden asylum countries approached and their responses The European Union has ordered a worldwide security sweep of all its premises following reports US intelligence has bugged its offices in Washington, Brussels and the United Nations. Vatican scandal The Vatican bank director and his deputy resigned Monday afternoon amid a growing financial scandal that has already landed a Vatican monsignor in prison 'Muslims praying in our streets is like the Nazi occupation' Leader of France's far right now faces prosecution over these words. Dead Fish Fill Mexico Reservoir  Tens of 1,000s washed up on banks, amid allegations a firm dumped 100s of liters of molasses into canal. The sustenance of everybody was damaged, said the mayor. What will they live off? This is a tragedy. Copy of Snowden asylum request sent to Polish authorities. Ecuador's President Rafael Correa We helped Snowden by mistake Emails From A Dead Man emails between Iraqi who worked with US forces and US Immigration Office beseeching help for family to escape Iraq after death threats starting July 2011. After constant bureaucratic vaccilation and incompetence, he and his brother are now dead, and his family still in Iraq. Report 'Argentina sold Israel yellowcake uranium in 1960s' to make nuclear bombs Authorities in Mexico City say they've rescued 46 women in a human trafficking bust China to join Russia for largest ever joint naval drills with foreign partner