 Innocent man accused of paedophilia, burned to death in UK Inspired by Snowden, more NSA insiders are blowing the whistle United Arab Emirates pushes for stronger laws against sorcerers Edward Snowden 'Speaking The Truth Is Not A Crime' Two French journalists executed in Mali More than 1500 pieces of art found in German House. Estimated worth more than 1.000.000.000. Resistance heroine who led 7,000 men against the Nazis  A tribute to Nancy Wake, the Second World War's most decorated woman, who has died at the age of 98 Mexico says it will waive most of $487 million debt owed by Cuba 4,000pound, World War II bomb forces mass evacuation in Germany An Afghan Tragedy The Pashtun practice of having sex with young boys Snowden document reveals key role of companies in NSA data collection. NSA leverages relationships with commercial partners to collect vast quantities of data from fibreoptic cables, file shows. Additional NSA employees said to be following Snowden's lead Latest Snowden Leaks Everyone Is Spying On Everyone and Sharing It the NSA, intent on exploiting the communications revolution to the full, developing ever more intrusive programmes in pursuit of its ambition to have surveillance cover of the whole planet total command of what the NSA refers to as the 'digital battlefield'. Brazil thinks its being colonized by China, and wants its economy back India's Mars mission launch cleared for Tuesday, Nov 5 France is now the secondbiggest consumer of fast food in the world. Bloody October 30 Iraqi civilians killed every day in deadliest month since 2008 An art collection of around 1500 pictures seized by the Nazis and ordered to be destroyed were discovered in a Munich apartment. Artists include Picasso, Renoir and Matisse. Approx. worth at least a billion Euros. Womenfriendly cafe in Benghazi bombed Injecting sperm may raise chances of conception but lead to fertility problems in next generation Some Fukushima evacuees can never return home, Japanese official admits for the first time In Wetaskiwin, Alberta  An elderly couple died after being hit by a train, when the wife tried and failed to save her husband. They both died because the one wouldnt let the other one be stuck on the tracks. What a hero. Noam Chomsky slams Canada's shale gas energy plans. Canada's rush to exploit its tar sands and shale gas resources will destroy the environment as fast as possible, according to Noam Chomsky. No Morsel Too Minuscule for AllConsuming N.S.A. 1.8 tonnes of ivory found in Chinese home in Tanzania. Authorities found at least 1800kg ivory at a home of Chinese nationals in Dar es Salam Mikocheni area. The haul is still being counted and could increase. So far 706 pieces of ivory have been counted representing over 200 elephant deaths. Jimmy Carter the president of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki...he was refusing to let Aids be treated...Thats the closest Ive come to getting into a fist fight with a head of state. Father arrested in France after his 14yearold daughter secretly films him on a webcam as he sexually assaults her President Putin signs law requiring terrorists relatives to pay for damages The Google File System makes NSAs hack blatantly illegal and they know it Bin Laden has won, says Richard Dawkins after having honey confiscated by airport security Three police officers suspended over failure to help innocent man branded a paedophile, beaten and set on fire UK cops officially detained David Miranda for thoughtcrime Irish Atheists Urge Repeal of Nations Blasphemy Law at Constitutional Convention 5 teens in France arrested for stealing a circus llama and taking him on the subway British minister says Islamic veil should be banned in courts  Muslim women should be banned from wearing a veil when giving evidence in British courts, a cabinet minister in Prime Minister David Cameron's government said on Sunday, arguing it was hard to judge someone's testimony otherwise. N.Korean naval drill goes horribly wrong, ship sinks, 30 crew dead, Video shows Supreme Leader Kim Jongun visiting their graves Turkish troops engage three suspected Syrian Rebel vehicles on border  cars found to contain large quantities of chemical weapons Report NSA among worst offenders of mass surveillance 'NSA gave no answers on why they were mass spying on Europeans'  head of EU delegation Uncensored Instagrams From North Korea Buck Brutal Trend of Secrecy Turkish PM Erdoan says male and female students should not live together in same house and we will intervene as government Saudi Arabia arrests a Kuwaiti woman driving her diabetic father to a hospital Another AntiGay Attack in Russia Two Victims Attacked by Two Masked Men; One Shot in the Eye. Police Leave the Scene Almost Immediately After Arriving, Saying There's No Crime to Investigate Kuwaiti woman arrested in Saudi Arabia for driving her diabetic father to hospital Brazil says Internet privacy must be UN priority Richpoor gap hits health of both. Overall, the United States has among the largest social and economic inequalities of any rich country. Japan and the Scandinavian countries have the smallest . The more equal countries also have the longest life expectancies. EU condemns new Israel settlements plan A bone dug up in a man's garden turns out to be the fossilised limb of a savage sea dinosaur. East Libya declares selfgovernment China discovers that pollution makes it really hard to spy on people  20 million surveillance cameras are now useless UK Claim That 'Journalism Equals Terrorism' Sparks Outrage Teenagers Are Droned, And a Family Cries Out. The U.S. says it was hunting militants on August 8. The dead boysrother has a different story. Two billion planets in our galaxy may be suitable for life, far more than previously thought North Korea 100,000 prisoners missing, feared dead in gulags Pussy Riot convict 'transferred to Siberia' Norway Bus has been hijacked  currently in progress There is an engine being developed that would run for a year on 8 grams of Thorium fuel In Colombia, no sex till the roads fixed. Wives have refused sex to force politicians to form a coalition government in Belgium, to bring down a dictator in Togo and to end factional fighting in the Philippines. Women... have long known that men have a special vulnerability when it comes to sex. Brazil Acknowledges Spying on Diplomats From U.S. Brazil spied on US, Russia, Iran, Iraq. 8 year old in China gets lung cancer from smog Jihadi Work Accident Blast Destroys Islamic School In Pakistan After Bombs Being Built By Seminary Students Detonate Prematurely New study says One in five Milky Way stars hosts potentially lifefriendly Earths Anonymous prepares for Million Mask March protests around the world North Korea says NSA spying scandal proves the USA is the worst abuser of human rights North Korea has revealed that one of its warships sank last month, killing a number of sailors, in a rare admission of military failure. Germany is only now exposing many Stasiera spies, using new computer technology. A new film shows what that's doing to the country, which may help explain Germans' unusually strong stand against NSA spying. NSA chief may lose 'cyber command' powers Garda (Irish Police) seek help in identifying girl found on the streets of Dublin. They fear that she was victim of sex trafficking. Photos and police contact info in article, if you know who she is Canadian man fights Dubai swearing law by arguing 'fuck off' is not an insult in Canada India to launch Mars Mission today Brazil admits to spying and conducting intelligence surveillance on the US, Iran, and Russia Scientists in Alaska Warn About Spread of Fukushima Radiation Pakistani Taliban spokesperson threatens to attack offices of UN, Voice of America, BBC and those selling the book I am Malala The Indian Mars Mission cost $73 million which is less than the production budget for the movie Gravity ($105 million) Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admits to smoking crackcocaine. The giant Spanish wine corporation Codornu, has permits in place right now to clearcut 154 acres of coveted California coastal redwood forest and grade the soils to construct a sprawling vineyard, roads, and reservoirs in their place Kerry Israeli settlements are illegitimate Kofi Annan  Stop 'war on drugs' today, we know what works and what does not. It is time for a smarter approach to drug policy. Putting people's health and safety first is an imperative, not an afterthought. Female Genital Mutilation Cases Should Be Treated As Child Abuse Report Google engineer accuses NSA and GCHQ of subverting 'judicial process'  Antihacking expert claims British spy agency is 'even worse' than NSA for tapping private networks between Google's centres [Glenn Greenwald's partner,] David Miranda lawyers to argue that Heathrow detention was unlawful Texassized floating island containing one million tonnes of junk from Japan tsunami drifting towards US coast Brazil admits to spying on US diplomats after blasting NSA surveillance Catholic church slams Israel razing of its property Egypts Muslim Brotherhood finds havens abroad. Some Brotherhood leaders are living in exile in Doha  and Al Jazeera is paying their bills. Protesters gather around the world for Million Mask March; Demonstrations in more than 400 cities were planned to coincide with Guy Fawkes Day, with Russell Brand at a London protest Surge in ADHD diagnoses gets a red flag Rob Ford  'Yes, I have smoked crack cocaine.' Israel orders more demolitions of Palestinian flats in Jerusalem Brazilian government to stop buying nonauditable software Bodies of Massacred Christians Found in Mass Grave in Syria Two Russian Tupolev Tu160 bombers violate Colombian airspace. Russia has failed to appear before an international court that is hearing a Dutch bid to force the release of the Greenpeace protest ship Arctic Sunrise and the activists who were on board her. Apple takes strong privacy stance in new report, publishes rare warrant canary Apple has never received an order under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act. David Suzuki has issued a scary warning about Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant, saying that if it falls in a future earthquake, it's bye bye Japan and the entire west coast of North America should be evacuated. Lebanon Outraged Over Kidnapped Teen Bride A 13yearold girl was abducted by her fathers creditor and forced to marry his older son, in a case that has activists calling for a minimum age for marriage in the country Video of the attack on Greek NeoNazis Golden Dawn where 2 people died and 1 is heavily injured. 022 mark starts, attack lasts only 10 seconds. Nigerian wedding party in Borno State massacred by gunmen  More than 30 dead (groom among the victims) Exclusive Swiss study says Polonium found in Arafat's bones. Scientists find at least 18 times the normal levels of radioactive element in late Palestinian leader's remains EU rules that gay Africans are entitled to asylum  According to the European Court of Justice, a gay refugee from a country where people are jailed for being homosexual does qualify as a persecuted group eligible for asylum. Gray whale stranded dead with a stomach full of plastic. Leaked Document Reveals Plot to Destabilize Venezuelan Goverment US Embassy Officials Encouraging Acts of Sabotage Legalisation of cannabis motion defeated in Irish Parliament. The motion was defeated 1118 New Zealand police are refusing to act on a selfconfessed group of gang rapists, but are threatening a man with 6 months in prison for parodying their inaction UK Gov't Losing The Plot Now Claiming Snowden Leaks Could Help Pedophiles Google has started encrypting traffic between data centers, effectively halting joint surveillance by NSA and GCHQ Fancy French restaurant under fire for seating beautiful clients in public view and hiding ugly ones 'Silk Road' illicit online market reopens just four weeks after US seizure Yasser Arafat may have been poisoned with polonium, tests show Swiss scientists find levels of polonium 18 times higher than normal in first forensic tests on former Palestinian leader's body 100s of Protected Tortoises Found in Luggage at Thai Airport  After Xraying the suitcases, they found 423 radiated tortoises, as well as 52 unknown species of turtle or tortoise. New Leaks Show NSA Spying on U.N., Climate Summit, and existence of NSA database called Dishfire that 'stores years of text messages from around the world, just in case.' NSA and GCHQ mass surveillance is violation of European law, report finds  Authors of study warn of 'systematic breach of people's fundamental rights' and call for EU parliament to take action LIVE  Heads of MI5, SIS (MI6) and GCHQ face live televised public grilling from UK MPs at 1400 GMT Hate rallies targeted at ethnic Koreans living in Japan have spread from Tokyo and Osaka to smaller regional cities over the past six months Liechtenstein wants to naturalize whistleblower, Edward Snowden (sorry for the bad translation) Audio of Royal Marine sergeant shooting unarmed insurgent, while saying Shuffle off this mortal coil, you c**t. Pakistan Taliban appoints new leader  Mullah Fazlullah, who ordered death of girl student Malala Yousafzai, is the new commander of TehreekeTaliban Pakistan 'ready to deliver nuclear weapons to Saudi Arabia' Saudi Arabia has invested in Pakistani nuclear weapons projects, and believes it could obtain atomic bombs at will, a variety of sources have told BBC Newsnight. Tim BernersLee encryption cracking by spy agencies 'appalling and foolish'  Inventor of world wide web calls for debate about 'dysfunctional and unaccountable' oversight of NSA and GCHQ Sarah Harrison joins other Edward Snowden files 'exiles' in Berlin; UK journalist's lawyers advise against returning home after assisting NSA whistleblower, says statement on WikiLeaks site The ATeam Killings If true, these accusations would amount to some of the gravest war crimes perpetrated by American forces since 2001. Onefifth of the worlds biggest banks may be broken up or sold as part of a radical course correction to boost shareholder returns, according to McKinsey & Co.. $62k USD reward offered for WikiLeaks to obtain and publish secret TransPacific Partnership Argeement 12 nation internettrade deal U.S., Israel lose UNESCO voting rights Supreme Court of Canada finds gov't must get distinct warrant to search a computer found with a search warrant It is difficult to imagine a more intrusive invasion of privacy than the search of a personal or home computer. German Trust in United States Plummets The NSA spying scandals have taken a toll on Germans' opinion of their longtime ally, according to a new survey. Mistrust in the United States has skyrocketed, and more Germans are viewing whistleblower Edward Snowden as a hero. Woman who cried wolf about rape may have to face her victim in court Creator of the World Wide Web  Sir Tim BernersLee slams governments for 'seriously spying' on the Internet Video emerging from The Philippines as Typhoon Haiyan comes ashore with winds reaching 378 km/h. Super Typhoon Haiyan, one of the strongest storms ever seen, heads for Philippines. Royal Marine found guilty of 'executing' Afghan insurgent Snowden persuaded other NSA workers to give up passwords Only a few weeks until internet surveillance starts in Norway to prevent piracy. (Google translated Norwegian page) How telcos 'collude' with the NSA and GCHQ Google and Yahoo were quick to condemn the NSA for spying on their customers, but telecom firms remained conspicuously silent  and for good reason. Privacy International has filed a complaint against them with the OECD. The Philippines are about to get wrecked by one of the strongest storms in history. CocaCola vows to axe suppliers guilty of land grabbing. CocaCola has said it will cut off suppliers that do not follow guidelines to protect the land rights of local communities in developing countries. Former Garment Worker Fights to Unionize Walmart's NearSlave Labor in Bangladesh NYT West and Iran on the verge of Nuclear agreement. Kerry called unexpectedly to Geneva. Arafat Poisoning Israel Is 'Only Suspect' Universities cancel Muslim clerics speaking tour over concerns about his antigay views Japan's Offshore Wind Power Rises within Sight of Fukushima Nuclear Plant  Unique turbines that float on the surface rather than rest on the seafloor can be placed in deeper waters Israel 'utterly rejects' potential Iran nuclear deal; Kerry heads to talks in Geneva The Guardian Oil traders claim crude prices fixed Europe decides to open up clinical data but one of world's biggest pharma companies wants to keep their trials secret. Here's why Japans military is stationing unarmed missiles on islands that mark the gateway to the Pacific, officials said Thursday, as part of a major drill that has made China nervous. Pressured to work for MI5. British intelligence agencies have a strange recruitment campaign among Britains young Muslims. Put out more flags, says Putin in patriotism drive. In a new appeal to conservative values and voters as he tries to lift his popularity ratings, Putin also criticized the use of foreign words by Russian professionals, saying it was a sign of weakness. Mexico Mayor killed for 'standing up to drugs cartel' Myanmar is preparing to adopt the Metric system, leaving USA and Liberia as the only two countries failing to metricate. Malala Yousufzais recent book I am Malala will be banned completely due to its controversial contents in all private schools across all the Pakistan Greek coastguard halts ship carrying 20,000 Kalashnikovs, places Turkish captain in custody Man is given 39 life sentences + 212 years for multiple rapes, sexual assault, kidnapping and theft. Typhoon Haiyan makes Sandy, Katrina look like weak cousins. Might be the fiercest typhoon in recorded history  winds of 195 to 235mph There, outside the bus, just a few dozen meters away is the real dead zone, a place where it is still far too dangerous for anyone to go. No human has been inside reactor three since the disaster. To do so would be suicide. Noone knows when it will be possible to go in. Five people detained in Romania for planing to kidnap an 14 yearold boy. The boy was set to marry an 8 yearold girl. Smoggy Beijing sees lung cancer cases soar Philippines odies in the streets', with many feared dead in typhoon Haiyan. Reports from worsthit areas suggest the death toll will rise significantly as storm's passing reveals scale of damage. Critically endangered species in Sumatra on the road to extinction Some of the world's most vulnerable creatures could be wiped out if a highway through the Haparan rainforest is approved The Kremlin Is Losing Control of the Nationalist Movement It Helped Create. Russian nationalism, with its dangerous xenophobic overtones, is now spreading to the country's 'silent majority.' Vigilante ranchers, fruit growers kick out brutal drug cartel in western Mexican state Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger to face MPs over Edward Snowden intelligence leaks Rickets Making Comeback In The UK, Doctors Say Oil prices may plunge if Iran gets a nuclear deal Images of the persecuted stateless Rohingya people are currently being projected onto the outside walls of the Washington Holocaust Memorial Museum, Myanmar calls the display inappropriate. Right Wings Surge in Europe Has the Establishment Rattled 100 bodies have been spotted by aviation official in the streets of the city of Tacloban, Philippines. Death toll feared to be much higher Anger after Chinese delegate to Melbourne charged with rape of student Song Jingsong was charged with raping an Australian university student guide in August Why 140,000 Chinese people want to kick out CNN U.S. Ambassadors letter from former Japan Ambassador Worsening radioactive contamination of the sea will soon awaken whole world Chinese Obtain 80% of Portugal Visas Given to Property Investors Philippines Typhoon Haiyan 'Most people hid in their closets' Bill Gates What I Learned in India's Fight Against Polio  India's success in eradicating polio offers lessons for solving other human welfare issues worldwide Philippines estimates at least 10,000 died from super typhoon Traffic lights utilizing 'game theory' successfully reduce gridlock in downtown Toronto by up to 40%. [Expost r/ainbow] First Lady Of Zambia Stuns The Continent By Calling For An End To Homophobia Homosexuality is illegal in 41 out of 53 Commonwealth countries NSA leaks on Canadian surveillance coming, Greenwald says Swedish Security Service (SPO) wants to intercept all mobile traffic without any search warrant at any time Switzerland Mulls Giving Every Citizen $33,000 a year At least 30 journalists currently are reported missing while covering Syria's civil war. The widespread abduction of journalists is unprecedented. Many have gone unreported in hope that keeping the kidnappings out of public view may help to negotiate the captives' release. Polish Church Officials Child Sex Abuse Victims were Looking for Love and Fulfillment, Made Conscious Decision to Have Sex with Priests Spanish police arrest 25, free 5 women, while uncovering Nigerian sex slave ring MafiaLeaks promises whistleblowers safety from the Family. A group of Italian volunteers have launched a site to encourage victims of the mafia, as well as whistleblowers within the organisations, to come forward with incriminating information. 1st Line of Beowulf Misunderstood for 200 Yrs  University of Manchester lecturer discovers famous line of English languages oldest epic poem misinterpreted. The true meaning now has a biographical feel, giving us a sense of how the writer attaches importance to his communitys history. Nonprofit wins $300,000 Google prize to make India's first opendefecation free city The world is spending half a trillion dollars on fossil fuel subsidies every year, according to a new report by the Overseas Development Institute  seven times more supporting coal, oil and gas than on helping poorer nations fight climate change Veteran reporter Paul Mooney wont receive China visa renewal after covering Beijing for 18 years. Government withholding visas as leverage against negative western coverage. AlQaeda in Syria raids wedding party, warns against music and singing Venezuelan military seizes major retail chain Earthquake in Tokyo Google engineers offer the NSA 'a giant F*** You' Iranians angry and bewildered after French torpedo Geneva nuclear entente  France should replace US as le grand satan, joke some inside Iran after Paris defies Washington and blocks stopgap deal Students Detained For Protesting Turkish PM Erdogan Ships Washed Ashore by Typhoon Haiyan in Philippines U.S. aid on the way to devastated areas of Philippines Arctic 30 protester My little girl will have forgotten who I am if I get out of here in seven years the plight of the Arctic 30 in their eighth week of imprisonment in Russia Dropping the bomb Saudi Arabia invested in Pakistan's nuclear weapons program Hundreds turn out for funeral of WWII veteran held on Remembrance Day following successful online campaign as the man had no family. Iran's deputy minister assassinated Wealth of worlds billionaires doubles since 2009 Sweden to close prisons due to lack of criminals [google translate] A sickening video of a man in Lebanon microwaving a cat has sparked outrage and calls for stricter animal cruelty laws in the region. Zoologists hunting Tasmanian tiger declare 'no doubt' species still alive  Team claims that it has 'highly credible' witnesses & has found animal faeces that could belong to the extinct thylacine, last known one dying in a zoo in 1936. 'Worse than hell' in typhoonravaged Philippines (PHOTOS) John McCain says NSA chief Keith Alexander 'should resign or be fired'. Senator gives interview to Der Spiegel, saying general should e held accountable' for Edward Snowden leaks. 'Israel will attack Iran if you sign the deal, French MP told Fabius' How the NSA and GCHQ Spied on OPEC America's NSA and Britain's GCHQ are both spying on the OPEC oil cartel, documents from whistleblower Edward Snowden reveal. The security of the global energy supply is one of the most important issues for the intelligence agencies. Israel OKs demolishing Bedouin village, replacing it with a Jewish town Sir John Major attacks 'truly shocking' privilege of privately educated elite Greece intercepts mystery ship with 20,000 Kalashnikovs onboard North Korea holds simultaneous executions of 80 in seven cities. Copyright Extension Goes Into Effect In The UK More Works Stolen From The Public Domain Mass Surveillance Violates EU Law Vatican gives $150,000 in emergency aid to Philippines Sounds like a good plan UK legalaid Lawyers to earn higher fees for early guilty pleas Moscow Protester nails testicles to Red Square cobblestone Thousands of workers demanding higher pay hurled rocks and sticks at clothing factories and clashed with police who used tear gas against them Monday, bringing fresh scrutiny to working conditions in Bangladesh's garment industry. At least 30 people were reported wounded Tensions between Shia and Sunnis Muslims are probably the most serious threat to world security, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohamed Zarif tells the BBC Irans signs agreement with IAEA to allow broader inspections of nuclear sites Iran signed an agreement on Monday with the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency in which it pledged to allow greater access to some of its nuclear sites, U.N. and Iranian officials said. UK spies continue quantum insert attack via LinkedIn, Slashdot pages Peru Uses Climate Twist to Lure Tourists to Shrinking Glacier  It was so bright with ice & snow that sunglasses were mandatory. In less than 20 yrs, it's shrunk in 1/2, climbing banned. It's being rebranded as a place to see climate change in action. North Korea publicly executes 80 people earlier this month, many for watching smuggled South Korean TV shows, a South Korean newspaper reported Monday An eightyearold girl in China is the youngest living person to be diagnosed with lung cancer attributed to pollution. I am a decent person. But if you have not eaten in 3 days, you do shameful things to survive Tormented typhoon victims scour for food. Member of U.S. Army National Guard's Tactical Human Intelligence Team commits suicide; his suicide note says he was forced to commit war crimes, crimes against humanity in Iraq Spain toughens up new 'sun tax' law. Homes can now be searched for illegal solar panels without warrant and offenders fined up to 60million ($80 million). Mathematicallyimprobable voting pattern proves fraud in Philippine polls Snowden asks Germany to support him against US 'persecution' Norway to introduce new regulations on circumcision. Ban on under 18 circumcision a possibility. To ride the Moscow subway for free, do 30 squats South Korea has five times as many credit cards as people and more debt per capita than any other nation on earth The Lies Shell is Telling About Oil Spills in the Niger Delta Neuchatel is the first canton in Switzerland to set a minimum wage  more than $21 an hour, virtually three times the US federal minimum  but hardly anyone will be affected because 97% of the canton's residents are already earning more than that. Renault Introduces DRM For Cars 'When you buy a Renault Zoe, the battery isn't included. Instead, you sign a rental contract for the battery with the car maker... the contract contains a clause giving Renault the right to prevent your battery from charging at the end of the rental period.' $4.1M goes missing as Chinese bitcoin trading platform GBL vanishes. International Space Station Infected With USB Stick Malware Carried on Board by Russian Astronauts Theresa May, Britain's Home Secretary plans new powers to make British terror suspects stateless  Home secretary working on legislation allowing removal of UK passport from suspects even if they have no other citizenship Ukraine's Genocide by Famine  Eighty years later, there's no denying the Soviet atrocity. In Afghanistan, interpreters who helped U.S. in war denied visas; U.S. says they face no threat Hundreds of Buddhists are marching through the streets of Burma's biggest city to protest against an upcoming visit by a highlevel delegation from the world's biggest Islamic political bloc. Russia can seize assets of President Vladimir Putin's most prominent critic, a Moscow court ruled on Tuesday, in connection with embezzlement charges that the activist says is an attempt by the authorities to intimidate opponents. Want to Have a Happy Planet? Just Ask Costa Ricans About Their Banks US Sec State John Kerry Iran talks came 'extremely close' to deal. We haven't been speaking for 35 years... we just talked more in 30 hours than we have in those prior 30 years. NSA's Vast Surveillance Powers Extend Far Beyond Counterterrorism, Despite Misleading US Government Claims the truth is that counterterrorism is only a fraction of their far broader authority to seek foreign intelligence information Why creating memes is illegal in Australia Australian sees evidence of Telstra/NSA hacking on his phone  a year before the Snowden leaks (XPost r/australia) U.S. Marines Bringing Typhoon Aid to Philippine Shores WikiLeaks releases the secret negotiated draft text for the entire TPP (TransPacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter. Author Of The PATRIOT Act Goes To EU Parliament To Admit Congress Failed, And The NSA Is Out Of Control Wars are becoming less frequent. Life expectancy has more than doubled in the past century. More children than ever are going to primary school. The world is better than it has ever been. UK spy found dead in bag probably locked himself inside, according to London police /r/worldnews fundraising campaign for Typhoon Haiyan Relief They never forgot Japan returns favor to the Philippines Wikileaks exposes secret TPP trade negotiations Here's David Cameron Calling For Permanent Austerity In Front Of All Kinds Of Ridiculous Gold Things A 270 sq mile iceberg has broken off Antarctica. White House blasts new sanctions against Iran as US Congress 'marching to war'. Says the American people do not want a march to war. A Danish church minister has argued for the abolition of the country's blasphemy law saying it undermines democracy by limiting free speech, abuses human rights and no longer serves any purpose A band of Islamic vigilantes has admitted to roaming the streets of East London, confronting and threatening to kill nonbelievers in an effort to enforce Sharia law. A Vietnam court will consider the death penalty for two former executives if theyre convicted in a $25 million fraud scheme, signaling an aggressive stance as leaders seek to clean up the banking system. A camera trap in a forest in central Vietnam has managed to snap a photo of one of earths rarest mammals, the saola, which hadnt been seen in 15 years. Putin receives his ninth degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do In public the Australian government is on the side of consumers. Yet behind closed doors it is siding with the US government to block them turn after turn. A 16 year old palestinian stabs an Israeli soldier to death in a bus stop in Israel Quebec's controversial Bill 60 would ban public servants from wearing religious symbols, such as headscarves, yarmulkes or crucifixes. China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia win UN human rights council seats Afghanistan opium harvest hits record high The European Court of Human Rights has ordered Turkey to pay 2.3 million euros to victims of the bombing of two Kurdish villages in 1994.  Turkey was found guilty of the attack, having blamed it on Kurdish separatists. China to spend only $100K on Philippines relief It was impossible to separate China's anger over territorial claims from the question of disaster relief. EU citizenship for sale Maltas parliament approved a controversial bill allowing people to buy Maltese citizenship, including a Maltese passport and access to the EUs Schengen Area, for 650,000 16YearOld Palestinian Stabs to Death Israeli Soldier Sleeping on Bus Philippine president urges countries to have moral responsibility to end climate change Indian train strikes herd of 40 elephants crossing tracks  7, including 2 calves, killed, 10 others seriously injured & death toll expected to rise in worst such crash in recent memory. Railways have ignored requests to reduce train speeds inside the famed elephant corridor. UK Government caught deleting archive of past speeches from internet 341 people arrested, 386 children rescued in massive antipaedophile ring operation (bbcnews) We categorically reject illegal killings by drones  Germany gives up on armed drones Jailed Pussy Riot singer 'found in hospital' US blocks publication of Chilcots report on how Britain went to war with Iraq World's oldest creature was 507...but scientists killed it TransPacific Partnership Leak Confirms the Worst An antiuser wishlist of industryfriendly policies Denmark surpasses 100 percent wind power Police tried to spy on Cambridge students, secret footage shows Officer is filmed attempting to persuade activist in his 20s to become informant targeting 'studentunion type stuff' JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&A after tirade of abuse Pope Francis his life is in danger from 'ndrangheta, warns antimafia judge. Crackdown on financial corruption in Vatican has angered brutal crime syndicate, says Nicola Gratteri. Singles Day in China, when billions are spent online and millions look for a mate. Secret Trade Pact Will Spread U.S. Copyright Rules Abroad Mafia are considering assassinating the Pope in response to his anticorruption sermons, warns leading Italian prosecutor TPP IP Chapter Leaked, Confirming It's Worse Than ACTA New life found in Nasa's spacecraft clean rooms Unreached typhoon victims create huge SOS for help Asia is in the grip of a diabetes epidemic Napoleon Death Mask Blocked from Export  It was sold for 175,000 to an overseas buyer earlier this year by a descendant of the brother of its original owner. It has a power & immediacy that raises the hairs on the back of the neck. NZ lawyer gives advice to rape victim, says you should have closed your legs Rob Ford admits to buying illegal drugs as mayor, threatens city councillor during ugly debate on his future WikiLeaks publishes secret draft of TransPacific Partnership treaty Sweden's Ice Hotel told to get fire alarms TPP Uncovered WikiLeaks releases draft of highlysecretive multinational trade deal 'What's it like working with Mexican drug cartels?' Banking giant JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&A after thousands of abusive tweets The world's oceans are becoming acidic at an unprecedented rate and may be souring more rapidly than at any time in the past 300 million years China's aid to Philippines dwarfed by Ikea  China is the world's second largest economy and closer to the Philippines than other major donors. Yet the $1.6 million in aid it pledged was less than the check written by Swedish furniture store Ikea. NSA files New York Times defends the Guardian's Snowden leaks. Councils in Britain to be given powers to ban peaceful protests that might disturb local residents  Anger mounts at shockingly openended Antisocial Behaviour, Crime and Policing Bill that could also see youngsters banned from skateboarding, forbid teenagers from using local parks Embarrassment after embarrassment for Australia at Warsaw climate change meeting The Central Intelligence Agency is secretly collecting bulk records of international money transfers handled by companies like Western Union  including transactions into and out of the United States AlQaedalinked rebels apologise after cutting off head of wrong person The Most Nefarious Part Of The TPP Proposal Making Copyright Reform Impossible JPMorgan allegedly paid $80,000 a month to Wen Jiabao's daughter Bangladeshi Garment Workers win a 77% pay rise following a four day shutdown of hundreds of factories and a series of violent confrontations involving tens of thousands. Forest change mapped by Google Earth  From 2010 to 2012, the Earth lost a combined forest the size of Mongolia, enough trees to cover the UK six times. China plans to loosen onechild policy and abolish labour camps. A French footballer has been held against his will in Qatar for two years due to controversial labour laws  he has now written to former World Cup 2022 ambassadors Zinedine Zidane and Pep Guardiola to ask for their help Mexicos meth country is totally tweaking out. In Michoacans meth heartland, a drug gang has gone medieval, militias are up in arms, and the government has put boots on the ground. Oslo Hells Angels invite locals into clubhouse for mulled wine and ginger biscuits. You will have the opportunity to look around, and since it's Christmas, we will probably serve mulled wine and ginger biscuits too, says Rune Olsgaard, the group's spokesman Germany flies 70 tonnes of aid to Philippines NY Court Rules Ancient Gold Tablet Belongs to Berlin, not Holocaust Survivors Heirs  Assyrian tablet found in Iraq by German archaeologists went on display in 1934 & disappeared at start of WWII. Holocaust survivor says he traded cigarettes for it with a Russian soldier. A Pacifist at War In the embattled region of eastern Congo, the United Nations is deploying a real combat brigade for the first time. It's being led by a German pacifist who believes peacekeeping sometimes requires the use of military force. His approach appears to be working Fukushima 8 news cases of children with thyroid cancer in last two months. Now 59 cases. Schools using Water Bottles to Shield Students A Green Pope? Pope to write encyclical (doctrinal statement) about nature, humans and environmental pollution, appears in photo holding item with antifracking statement A BBC investigation has revealed concerns that young girls are being brought to Scotland to undergo female genital mutilation (FGM) because the country is seen as a soft touch. CIA spills Camp David secrets on 1978 EgyptianIsraeli agreement  Declassified documents reveal how US intelligence helped Jimmy Carter strike a Middle Eastern bargain First ever American ballerina to join the Bolshoi has quit, accusing the theater of extortion Germany Ally and Accomplice in U.S. Secret War on Terror Vietnamese banker sentenced to death for fraud LulzSec hacker Jeremy Hammond sentenced to 10 years in jail for leaking Stratfor emails Indian politician warns tribal voters that they will get an electric shock from the voting machine if they press any button other than the one for his party India buys third aircraft carrier amid rivalry with China. Refurbished Sovietera vessel purchased for 1.4bn as India modernizes military to counterbalance Chinese expansion. UK's reputation is damaged by reaction to Edward Snowden, says UN official Part of Nazca Lines Destroyed by Machinery Near Ica, Peru  'Invaders have taken over 2 big tracts of protected land. Several groups of lines & trapezoid shapes have been destroyed. Occupiers have built a stone fence & divided the territory into lots, as well as vandalized it. Germany Says No To Weaponized Drones Saudi diplomat made two women work like slaves in London home. Between 2,000 and 4,000 freight trucks have closed off major French highways and slowed traffic to a crawl on nine roadways to protest a proposed environmental tax on heavy loads. Wikileaks releases all the Stratfor files following Hammond's sentencing 34 Dead, 300 Wounded in Tripoli attack by militia on peaceful Protesters Rare albino kangaroo sighted in Australia Fighters from an alQaidalinked Syrian rebel group beheaded an allied commander whom they mistook for a progovernment fighter Christians 'face extinction' amid sectarian terror; There are parts of the world today where to be a Christian is to put your life in danger. JPMorgan's rogue trader refuses extradition to US where he faces criminal charges for $6.2 billion 'London Whale' fraud scandal. Forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad have firmly seized the momentum in the country's civil war in recent weeks, capturing one rebel stronghold after another and triumphantly planting the twostarred Syrian government flag amid shattered buildings and rubblestrewn streets Afghanistan The rise of a narco state. 2013 has been an alltime record year for Afghan poppy farmers, according to a new report by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC). 'Muslim Brotherhood' protesters storm London university lecture on Egypt MalaysiaMuslim group Jati has declared war against NGos for its alleged attempts to turn Malaysia into a liberal country in the name of human rights. And their most rude demand is to call for the repeal of the Syariah law China Reforms OneChild Policy, First Time in 30 Years Four suspected Syria jihadists arrested in France Hammond FBI directed my attacks on foreign government sites. Anonymous hacktivist told court FBI informant and fellow hacker Sabu supplied him with list of countries vulnerable to cyberattack. IAEA Iran has halted most nuclear expansion Venezuelas legislature has voted to back President Nicolas Maduro's bid to rule by decree, a measure which would give him expanded powers over the economy Lastline antibiotics losing ability to kill superbugs TV presenter Melissa Bachman causes outrage after posing with lion she killed in South Africa Mayor Rob Ford gave every member of his staff a $5,000 raise on Friday UN envoy 'shockedy UK's 'unacceptable' persecution of The Guardian over Snowden leaks BBC News  The damage to China's international reputation is significant It's very hard to call for deAmericanisation and then leave your wallet at home when there's a human disaster the scale of the typhoon in the Philippines. NSA Asked Linus Torvalds To Install Backdoors Into GNU/Linux Months of Occupations Pay Off Bangladeshi Garment Workers Win a 77% Pay Raise David Cameron Calls For Capitalism Lessons In Schools To Celebrate Profits In The Classroom The PM [Prime Minister] said he wanted a 'fundamental change' in attitudes to money making and called for a culture 'that values that typically British, entrepreneurial, buccaneering spirit' British Paratroopers Will Help Train Kenyan Rangers To Fight Off Illegal Elephant Poachers No tyranny lasts forever, Mongolian president said in N. Korea Mafia Accused of Causing Deaths Tens of Thousands Protest in Naples Against Mafia's Toxic Waste Dumping  Demonstrators carried photos of relatives they say died of cancer as a result of the pollution. Some 10 million tons of industrial waste dumped in area over 20 yrs. Slammed for being stingy, China boosts aid to Philippines Huge Climate Rallies Held Across Australia  Labor & Greens join firefighters & activists in protests against Coalition plan to repeal carbon tax. In Australia, there's an atmosphere of denialism & scepticism. So many in our media & so many of our politicians deny the science is settled. UK prime minister rejects call from public health expert to lower age of sexual consent to 15. Mavis Batey, Bletchley Park code breaker in World War II, dies at 92 I will not give anything back  Reclusive son of Nazi art dealer wants to keep looted paintings found hidden in his flat UK expert calls for lowering of the age of sexual consent to 15 Scientists Find World's Most Irreplaceable Protected Places for Threatened Species  Colombias 'Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta National Park' tops list. Biggest threat is deforestation. Indigenous communities have helped to preserve it, but they're threatened by disease, poverty & armed conflict. Report Mossad working with Saudis on contingency plans for potential attack on Iran CIA, Pentagon trying to hinder construction of GLONASS stations in US Bloomberg News Fires Reporter Suspected of Leaking Its SelfCensorship on China Huge storm rages over Finland  200,000 households without power US soldier charged with murdering Iraqis NASAThe robotic explorer called Maven is due to blast off Monday on a 10month journey to the red planet. There, it will orbit Mars and study the atmosphere to try to understand how the planet morphed from warm and wet to cold and dry. 'Royal Concierge' GCHQ Monitors Hotel Reservations To Track Diplomats  Britain's GCHQ intelligence service monitors diplomats' travels using a sophisticated automated system that tracks hotel bookings. Once a room has been identified, it opens the door to a variety of spying options. Ireland to exit Europe's emergency room Rape porn possession to be punished by three years in jail, David Cameron to announce BBC News  Huge bomb hits Syria government site Boris Johnson says superrich are putupon minority like homeless people and Irish travellers. Mayor says wealthiest should get automatic knighthoods and our humble thanks, in comments deemed deeply offensive by London Assembly's Labour group. A Boeing 737 has crashed landed in the Russian city of Kazan, killing all 44 passengers on board. Volcanic activity detected under Antarctica Ireland becomes first euro country to quit bailout programme We owe it to Snowden to not forget him while he is in Moscow when he has dedicated himself to exposing truth,  German university seeks honorary doctorate, also given to Einstein, for Snowden. Snowden cache reveals diplomats' hotel bookings being tracked by GCHQ An unprecedented public appearance by UK spy chiefs has been labelled a total pantomime after it emerged that they were told of questions in advance. Threat from NSA leaks may have been overstated by UK, says Lord Falconer  Exlord chancellor defends Guardian reporting of Snowden files and says he's sceptical of warnings from spy agency chiefs Docs Reveal CIAGuadalajara Cartel Link, Not Conspiracy Qatar 2022 World Cup workers 'treated like cattle', Amnesty report finds. Fresh fears raised about exploitation after Fifa president declares country 'on right track' over migrant labourers' rights. Uruguays First Lady and Senator Affirms Drug War Is Lost Australian Prime Minister lines up with Canada to Oppose Climate Change Fund for poor nations at Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting NigeriaMuslim Rebel group Boko Haram seizing slave rides' in Nigeria. I can't sleep when I think of being there... If I cried, they beat me. If I spoke, they beat me.  44 feared dead as passenger jet crashes in central Russia Australia's worst pedophile Catholic priests, Gerald Ridsdale, 79, pleaded guilty to 30 new child sexual assault charges. Previously convicted of 31 cases from 1961  1988. Magistrate Ian Alger struck out another 54 charges. Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia after spying leak Amnesty report on Qatar exposes 'grim' abuse of migrant workers Rob Ford tells Fox he wants to be prime minister In light of the Chess World Championship match between Norwegian Magnus Carlsen and Indian Viswanathan Anand, a Norwegian newspaper is organizing a online chess game Norway vs. the world. Anyone can open the page and vote for the next move. IP address determine which team you play for Vigilantes seize town in western Mexico Champion free diver Nicholas Mevoli dies trying for new record City of Vancouver bans doorknobs Australia spied on Indonesian president, leaked Snowden documents reveal Amsterdam pays alcoholics in beer to clean streets. The imaginative approach to the problem of antisocial behaviour demonstrates typical Dutch pragmatism which could be found shocking in other countries, but not here. NSA recorded more than 30 million phone calls made in its Nato ally Norway, in the latest Snowden revelations. It is unacceptable, says Norway's Justice Minister. A crime under Norwegian law, says head of telecoms regulator. Insulting a police officer in Spain could result in a30,000 ($40,500) fine while protesting outside Parliament could mean a 600,000 penalty if tough new security laws get passed today. Embarrassed husbands will have to discuss plans to watch online porn with their wives, says David Cameron 'Syria is not a revolution any more  this is civil war' Mayor Rob Ford stripped of Toronto powers after heated council vote Norway NSA surveillance We did this, say Norwegian intelligence services. Information was gathered legally by Norwegian intelligence and voluntarily shared with partners, among others the NSA Private firms selling mass surveillance systems around world, documents show Corrupt Bank Officials Get Death Sentence in Vietnam Germany has turned into a giant brothel and even a destination for European sex tourism. The best guess is that Germany has about 400,000 prostitutes catering to 1M men a day. Australia worst carbon emitter per capita among major western nations  Country has failed to consistently decrease its emissions, faring poorly in a global climate report Corrupt Bank Officials Get Death Sentence in Vietnam NSA surveillance hinders Iceland's attempts to be a haven for free speech 'It is obvious that it doesnt matter if we have the best source protection laws in the world,' says Icelandic MP The Accidental Vagina Design for Qatar's first 2022 World Cup stadium released Russian Skinheads Abuse Gays and Post Videos to Social Networks Surveillance technology out of control, says Lord Ashdown | World news Blood Avocados The Dark Side of Your Guacamole  Mexican Drug Cartel The Knights Templar Has Taken Control Of The Industry In Mexico Seven people reported killed in explosion near Iranian embassy in Beirut Sisters in Nova Scotia are asking the Government to ban internet porn in Canada to protect children. A nightclub in one of Switzerland's biggest cities has banned hip hop after 70 riot police were called to quell a brawl amongst devotees of the music form In Germany, legacy of Stasi puts different perspective on NSA spying Venezuelan army occupies white goods shops as punishment for 'profiteering' Monty Python reunion planned for new stage show Hong Kong Is Sitting On 30 Tons Of Ivory and Has No Plans to Destroy It. While other countries have destroyed confiscated tusks, Hong Kong stockpiles an ivory mountain. Conservationists say it must be incinerated to send the right message. Massive explosion hits southern Beirut, Lebanon; possible target Iranian embassy LG Smart TVs logging USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers Secret U.S. court approves wider NSA spying even after finding excesses United States paid more than $150 million to companies in Afghanistan that are accused of financing terrorist attacks on American soldiers and facilities Monty Python to reunite for new show after 30 years A stash of 24 gold bars worth more than $1.1m has been discovered in the toilet compartment of a commercial plane in eastern India. Switzerland will vote on Sunday on whether to limit the salaries of top executives so they don't earn more in a month than the lowest paid workers earn in a year, a move that could mean big pay cuts for business leaders earning millions. Gabon troops kill poacher, arrest 34 others near elephant park. The soldiers found the carcass of an elephant and a panther at the camp used by the poachers, who had also been mining for gold. Teenage poet, Islam critic, assaulted in Denmark. In his poetry he claims [Islam] is a culture of hypocrisy underpinning Denmark's Muslim population Can one not speak freely without being attacked? Poor countries walk out of Warsaw climate conference after rich nations refuse to discuss climate change recompense until after 2015  Orchestrated exit came during talks about loss & damage  how countries should respond to climate impacts like typhoon Haiyan Pot Legalization in Morocco Even the Islamist Party of Justice and Development has cautiously welcomed the draft proposals  presumably because the party is mindful that it now occupies a minority presence in the cabinet and could benefit from going with the flow. Gunmen Open Fire Outside Moscows Most Popular Gay Club Rape fear keeps US students out of India Nancy Powell Stuxnet's Secret Twin The real program to sabotage Iran's nuclear facilities was far more sophisticated than anyone realized. The battery storage system that could close down coal power. Company says these systems can substitute 10 times the capacity from conventional generation  coal, nuclear and gas  and at a fraction of the cost. A Norwegian army goes veggie to save climate LG TV sends your viewing habits and names of files you screen to its home servers, even if you tell it not to Britain's GCHQ 'The Brains,' America's NSA 'The Money' Behind Spy Alliance Vatican unveils restored catacomb with frescoes showing 'female priests.' Women depicted in scenes show they were priests, say activists; they were just praying like everyone else, says Holy See Germans jail Nato spy for seven years for taking the crown jewels of data Indonesia 'downgrades' relationship with Australia German court chides Google over its vague privacy policy and terms Underworld exploitation of Bitcoin 'Assassination Market' website raising the online virtual currency to hire assassins that target key US figures revealed. Those allegedly targeted on the site include Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke, President Obama and NSA director Keith Alexander. Koreas newlyelected President wants to ban gaming Norway's military intelligence chief has admitted his country spies on millions of phone calls in conflict areas around the world and shares that data with allies, including the United States JPMorgans Fruitful Ties to a Member of Chinas Elite While many Hong Kong investment bankers were earning as much as $250,000 a year, JPMorgan paid Ms. Wens firm $900,000 annually from 2006 to 2008, records show, for a total of $1.8 million. Wikipedia names Texas PR firm over false manipulation of site entries. Free encyclopaedia called in lawyers after 300 'sock puppet' accounts were traced to single firm. US Working Overtime Behind The Scenes To Kill UN Plan To Protect Online Privacy From Snooping Pirate Parties International (PPI), the international umbrella organization for dozens of Pirate Parties worldwide, has been granted observer status by the World Trade Organization Australian state decriminalise abortion, forces doctors that oppose termination to provide a list of willing practitioners to patients US and UK struck secret deal to allow NSA to 'unmask' Britons' personal data British Army admits operating a shoot to kill terrorist style force during the Troubles in Northern Ireland. Three women rescued after 'decades of slavery' in south London home Volcano creates new Japanese island 620 miles south of Tokyo Derry bus driver who drove alone with bomb on board is 'selfless heroine'  Woman defied masked terrorist's instruction to take device to central police station by driving it instead to less builtup area German politicians will be given encrypted phones to keep NSA spies at bay 70 global investors with collective assets totalling $3tn (1.85tn) made the first ever joint request to the world's 45 largest oil, coal and power companies to assess the financial risks that climate change and these other trends pose to your business plans An 85yearold American veteran of the Korean War is being detained in North Korea. Has BP Hired Company To Troll Users Who Left Critical Comments? We just experienced an abrupt climate change event in the Arctic. Portions of the Arctic have warmed as much as 9F in the last few years. This is possibly the most dramatic event of the last several thousand years Just 90 companies caused twothirds of manmade global warming emissions since the dawning of the industrial age  vast majority of companies are in the business of producing oil, gas or coal 'We need more wars' Head of controversial private outsourcing firm blames lack of conflict for spectacular collapse in Army recruitment since it took charge Inside America's Plan to Kill Online Privacy Rights Everywhere Wreckage of Nazi Uboat found off Indonesia's coast Australia's Lower House Votes to Dump Carbon Tax 18 mos after taking effect  with a one off 0.4% increase in cost of living & almost no impact on economic growth  it's been repealed. This is about honour & dignity & the sovereign will of the Australian people, says environment minister. The Norwegian military said Tuesday [19 November 2013] it plans to put its troops on a vegetarian diet once a week in a bid to fight a new kind of enemy  climate change. Massive cocaine haul washes up on beach near Tokyo Al Qaedalinked group says it bombed Iran embassy in Beirut US drone kills senior militant in Pakistani seminary UK Imam caught agreeing to marry off a 14yearold girl gets job back Report Taliban Have Killed More Than 800 Clerics For Not Defending Afghanistans Original Islamic Values Richard Branson says Virgin Galactic will accept Bitcoin Canadians brave freezing waters to save shark choking on moose. Five arrested in Thailand under drug ring with meth produced from North Korea. The kicker The meth was tested by authorities and found at over 99% purity. Once Ford became mayor, he continued the practice of personally returning constituent calls about everyday issues like backed up city sewers, sometimes returning calls late into the night. Malaysia cuts fuel subsidies to fund welfare payments for the poor Magnus Carlsen wins Chess World championship Satellite imagery reveals mystery 'supergun' in Chinese desert American prisoners are choosing to stay in German jails rather than transferring home Italys Triangle Of Death Naples Residents Blame Child Cancer Rates on Mob Disposal of Toxic Chemicals  Italians blaming skyhigh child cancer rates on mobs dumping of toxic chemicalscontaminating water, mozzarella, & the developing brains of babies. We Have to Consume Less Scientists Call For Radical Economic Overhaul to Avert Climate Crisis Latvia supermarket collapse death toll 'rises to 32' 50 US embassy workers in Norway busted for tax fraud. (Google translated link from norwegian news) Urgent call for UN troops to 'prevent genocide' in Central African Republic. Muslim former rebels have been accused of murder, kidnap, rape, looting and the burning of villages Despite US Opposition, UN Pushes Forward Surveillance Bill of Rights The socalled Five Eyes countries overwhelmed by international unity on the right to protection from spying As Inequality Grows, Swiss To Vote On Curbing Executive Pay Chinese Court rules out confession through torture China struggles to crack down on fake miltary officials. Number of criminals making financial gains impersonating PLA officials soars amid culture of state corruption. S. Korea decides to buy 40 Lockheed F35s from US, to be delivered starting in 2018 Two hours ago people in Kiev, Ukraine, began spontaneous gathering to express their disagreement about the decision of the Ukrainian government to suspend preparation for the signing of the Association Agreement with EU (my rough translation of the article in the comments) Bolivian President Morales doubles workers Christmas bonus The rusted remains of a Naziera submarine have been discovered off the coast of Java, Indonesia. Researchers are looking through the wreckage, which includes human bones and plates with Nazi insignia, for clues that could identify the ship. Libya's Tripoli celebrates with cake as militias withdraw and official police force deploys across the city Assads North Korean connection Reports that Pyongyang has sent pilots to Syria suggest the Damascus regime can no longer rely on its own airmen; ties precede current Syrian war, forms part of North Korea's broader network of relationship in Mideast. An underwater volcano creates a new island south of Japan Greenpeace activist freed by Russian authorities NSA infected 50,000 computer networks with malicious software House intel bill adds $75 million to NSA budget to stop future Snowdens Latest Snowden leak reveals NSAs goal to continually expand surveillance abilities Moroccan teen, forced to marry her rapist, commits suicide Unspeakable horrors in a country on the verge of genocide | Militias in the Central African Republic are slitting children's throats, razing villages and throwing young men to the crocodiles. What needs to happen before the world intervenes? Australian police laugh at man in custody who had soiled himself, ridiculed him, yelled at him and showed him little respect. He dies the next morning after being shoved out of police station of hypothermia and liver failure. One year after Bangladesh factory fire , US retailers Walmart, Sears, Childrens Place and others that sold garments produced there refuse to join an effort to compensate families of the 1,200 workers who died. Moscow is banning the construction of new mosques, the latest sign of the growing antiimmigrant and antiMuslim sentiment in Russia. UN official Gaza is quickly becoming uninhabitable Ontario Bill Bans CoalFired Power  Ontario is going coalfree. The largest coalburning power plant in North America, Nanticoke Generating Station on Lake Erie, will stop burning coal this yr Thousands protest U.S drone strikes, blocking Nato supplies in Peshawar. Indonesian newspaper depicts Australian PM Tony Abbott as a masturbating peeping Tom following spying scandal The Spanish Government Is Trying to Outlaw Peaceful Protest Ison The comet of the century. If we're lucky, then in just a few days time we could witness one of the most spectacular sights in the night sky for a generation or more. European retailers pay to compensate victims of Bangladesh factories where 1,240 died. Walmart and Sears refuse. Ask our US friends Putin turns NSA spying into punchline for joke Zimbabwe Foreigners must close shops by Jan 1. Prisoners who escaped during typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines return to jail after tending to their families Moscow Bans Construction of New Mosques Internet founder warns growing surveillance 'threatens democracy' #NSA pushing for more laws to allow anyone,anytime,anywhere spying in golden age of Sigint  NYT Muslim passenger shot in face in terrifying Russia subway attack (GRAPHIC) Egypt downgraded diplomatic relations Saturday with Turkey and expelled its ambassador from Cairo, a sharp escalation in tensions between the two countries that mounted after a military coup ousted the country's Islamist president this summer Web inventor BernersLee says NSA surveillance threatens democracy Female teacher jailed for 4 year affair with female pupil, started when girl was 14 and lasted until she went to university. Iran nuclear deal reached I Sold My Sister for 300 Dollars Jordanians, Egyptians and Saudis are visiting Syrian refugee camps to buy virgins. They pay 300 dollars, and they get the girl of their dreams. Bacterium found in New zealand  resistant to every single antibiotic known Swiss voters are saying no to a proposal that would limit executive pay to 12 times that of the lowest paid Secretive trade pact called 'most harmful ever' for affordable medicine  Global health advocates say the TransPacific Partnership, a proposed trade agreement between the US and 11 other countries, is an attack on public health. U.K. intern died of seizure after working 72 hours straight Jihadists cut down a 150yearold oak tree in Atme, on Syria's border with Turkey, after they accused locals of worshiping it Homosexuals in India Demand an End to Discrimination Dangerous escalation as China declares military control of airspace over islands that are claimed by both China and Japan. NeoNazi Wins Regional Election in Slovakia Latvians in few hours donate more than 400k dollars to help victim's families. 54 confirmed dead in supermarket collapse in Riga, Latvia. Former CEO of British CoOp Bank and a Methodist minister caught on tape buying 300 worth of crack cocaine by an acquittance met on GRINDR.  The Crystal Methodist 'who didn't believe in God'... Israelis Attack Palestinian Farmers near Hebron Huge Ukraine rally over EU agreement delay Climate Activists Carbon Trading a False Solution Pushed by Bankers and Bureaucrats Proposed date for Scottish independence named Boeing is alerting airlines about possible engine icing problems on some of its new planes. It is recommending that planes with a specific General Electric engine avoid flying near thunderstorms that might contain ice crystals. Italy's Mount Etna erupts, showers volcanic ash on towns Israel condemns Iran nuclear deal as 'historic mistake' China creates airdefense zone around Japan controlled islands, escalates hostilities over disputed territory. Switzerland votes this weekend on whether to limit executives' pay at twelve times that of their lowestpaid worker. In the run up to the referendum, the issue has become a national talking point, with both sides stoking public resentments and fears. 11 teachers administering polio vaccine in Pakistani tribal area are abducted Scientists in Spain say they'll attempt to clone an extinct mountain goat using frozen, preserved cells taken from the last living animal before it died. The species known as a . . . Pyrenean ibex, went extinct in 2000, but cells from the last animal were collected and frozen in liquid nitrogen. 112 salary cap referendum in Switzerland fails by wide margin Israel denounces Iranian nuclear deal 'Every time you buy fish in the UK, you pay a fee to support an organisation which opposes campaigns to protect fish stocks and marine ecosystems' Oil prices fall after Iran agrees nuclear deal 86yearold couple found holding hands in a luxury Paris hotel bed, lashed out at France's cruel ban on euthanasia in their suicide note Egypt is now ranked as the worst arab country for women's safety and rights Abortion is illegal in Haiti but women and girls are losing their uteruses and their lives as they turn to clandestine, increasingly deadly ways to terminate their pregnancies. Tony Abbott quietly shifts UN position to support Israeli settlements, upsetting Palestinians A wealthy dentist couple in India have been found guilty of murdering their 14yearold daughter and servant by slitting their throats 93 schoolgirls sexually harassed aboard Patna train Swiss voters reject proposal to limit executives' pay (with 66% against) Gaza becoming uninhabitable as blockade tightens, says UN. Destruction of smuggling tunnels and renewed ban on import of construction materials have exacerbated humanitarian crisis Toxic Lakes May Emerge From Alberta's TarSand Projects Plummeting popularity for Australian PM  Tony Abbott's party loses the lead that won him the election as immigration and climate change remain top issues Merkel's phone tapped by at least 5 countries German universities are being criticized for taking $13 million of Pentagon cash for research including into environmentallyfriendly bombs An Australian antivaccination network The Australian Vaccination Network has been forced by the Fair Trade Tribunal to change its name. RBS accused of wrecking viable small businesses to make profits for the bailed out bank Afghanistan considers reintroduction of public stoning for adulterers Ukrainians riot in Kiev to join EU after deal collapses over Yulia Tymoshenko  PROWESTERN Ukrainians have held the biggest protest rally in Kiev since the 2004 Orange Revolution, urging the government to sign a historic pact with the European Union and clashing with police. Japan warns of 'unpredictable events' over China's new air zone 1 of Europe's Best Preserved Iron Age Hill Forts Threatened by Plans for 200 Luxury Homes for Affluent Commuters & Rich Retirees Old Oswestry has existed for over 3,000 yrs. Protesters say the plan will be lowrisk developments for country retreat investors & holiday cottage landlords. Reports of explosion in Belfast city centre NGO Israel Okays 829 New Settler Homes in West Bank Radical Islamist group [Turkistan Islamic Party] has claimed responsibility for an attack on Tiananmen Square last month and warned of future attacks in the Chinese capital. The dark side of the Magic Kingdom? Fairytale may be over for Disneyland Paris. With union marches replacing the parade, the theme park risks losing its sparkle. Pakistani island born from an earthquake is already disappearing UK Prime Minister David Cameron Announces That Filters Used to Block Porn Will Also Block Websites Espousing Extremist Views in Order to Keep Our Country Safe USA drops case against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange Pope attacks tyranny of markets, urges renewal in key document Pope Francis called for renewal of the Roman Catholic Church and attacked unfettered capitalism as a new tyranny, urging global leaders to fight poverty and growing inequality in the first major work he has authored alone as pontiff. Woman fined $140 a day for refusing to circumcise son. Rabbinical judges in the case said they fear the effect that allowing Israeli Jews to freely decide on the ritual circumcision of their own children might have on the global debate over the issue. Wikipedia's Jimmy Wales in Oxford Snowden a 'hero'. It's very difficult for me to go to authoritarian countries and say, 'You shouldnt spy on activists, you shouldnt censor the internet', when [the US] is complicit in these acts of extraordinary intrusion into peoples personal lives. Japan's lower house of parliament has approved a state secrecy bill that penalizes civil servants who leak secrets and journalists who seek them  a move opponents criticize as a heavyhanded effort by the government to hide what it's doing and suppress press freedom Ian Watkins, singer of Welsh rock band Lostprophets, pleads guilty to a series of child sex offences including attempted rape of a baby Canada's Conservatives Are Using Cyberbullying to Normalize Online Surveillance Prisoners who escaped from a flooded jail at the height of Super Typhoon Haiyan returned after helping their families deal with the storm's aftermath Up to 15,000 U.S. troops to remain in Afghanistan until 2024 US Working To Kill UN Privacy Resolutions Half Of New Greek HIV Cases Are SelfInflicted To Receive 700 Per Month Benefits, Study Finds Pope calls for power to be devolved away from the vatican Untouchable PhD student kills self over University ias' EU Commission moves to close corporate tax loophole used by Google, Amazon and Starbucks. Google, Amazon and Starbucks have all been using 'aggressive tax planning'. German company Solarworld has announced it's acquiring the complete solar business of Bosch. The takeover will result in the first German solar firm with a manufacturing capacity exceeding one gigawatt. Wary of war, Israeli public gives Iran deal a chance  Going about their business on Monday, Israelis seemed more accepting than their leader, Benjamin Netanyahu, of a nuclear deal with Iran that he rejected as a historic mistake. Afghanistan plans to reintroduce public stoning as punishment for adultery The largest Byzantium monastery in Istanbul will be converted into a mosque World Health Organisation withdraws claim that half of all new Greek HIV cases selfinflicted, says there was an error in the editing phase of the report Egypt bans gatherings of more than 10 people with government approval The interim president of Egypt, Hazem Beblawi, on Sunday banned public gatherings of more than 10 people without having prior government approval. Punishments for violating the new ban include fines and prison terms. Headteacher apologises after ordering pupils to attend Islam awareness trip or face punishment for 'racism' Scottish National Party releases independence blueprint, calling it a mission statement for Scotland's future. Changes to Canada's fisheries law alarm biologists  Revisions that take effect today remove protections for 80% of endangered freshwater species. U.S. says may pull out all troops as Afghan leader holds up deal  Hamid Karzai has refused to sign a security deal with the United States, and Washington may have to resort to the zero option of withdrawing all American troops from the strifetorn country next year, as it did in Iraq. US flies B52 aircraft over disputed islands in East China Sea in defiance of Chinese air defence rules. Fight Club, Pretty Woman Producer Admits to Being Israeli Spy Harvard fracking study rings methane alarm bells in Australia A peerreviewed report suggests that greenhouse gas emissions from drilling and fracking are 50 per cent worse than thought. Bitcoin virtual currency breaks $1,000 mark France set to introduce fines of at least $2,000 for those caught buying sex. Prostitutes say their lives will become a lot more dangerous. France sends in troops to Central African Republic to stop 'another Rwanda' Acidifying Oceans Alarm 540 Scientists from 37 Countries  Oceans acidifying at rates not seen for last 55 million yrs & the only way to slow it is to reduce human emissions of carbon dioxide. All oceans have experienced a 26% rise in acidity since dawn of industrial age. Crane falls on World Cup opening ceremony football stadium, Sao Paulo, Brazil, 3 dead. Moscow Police detain 15 Islamists with suicide belts The Justice Department has all but concluded it will not bring charges against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange for publishing classified documents because government lawyers said they could not do so without also prosecuting U.S. news organizations and journalists, according to U.S. officials. World's Second Largest Clothing Retailer Pledges Living Wages for Factory Workers Free movement within Europe needs to be less free David Cameron Radical Islamists arrested in Moscow, found with Guns and Bombs (BBC NEWS) EU warns the UK risks being seen as a nasty country after Prime Minister David Cameron outlined plans to restrict access to benefits for EU immigrants. Cameron is proposing powers to deport homeless migrants and cut rights to unemployment and housing benefits. Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis of Latvia has announced his resignation, and thereby the fall of his government, over a deadly supermarket collapse. Tunisia protesters torch ruling Islamist party office NSA surveillance Europe threatens to freeze US datasharing arrangements Midnight Sabotage with Transylvania's AntiFracking Activists  Farmers, peasants and ecowarriors are leading the fight against gas giants in Romania, who they claim are illegally seizing land Dutch lawmakers may backtrack on plans to scrap blasphemy law The law makes it a crime to insult God, the monarch or to be disrespectful to a policeman. The legislation introduced in the 1930s, has not been invoked for the past fifty years Pope says Catholic church must decentralise and tackle poverty. Just as the commandment 'Thou shalt not kill' sets a clear limit in order to safeguard the value of human life, today we also have to say 'thou shalt not' to an economy of exclusion and inequality. Such an economy kills. ChinaJapanUS situation escalates American B52s defy Chinese airspace claim and demand that all aircraft submit to Chinese notification and compliance. China has stated it may take emergency defensive measures to enforce their demand on Japan and the US. New analysis questions constraint on US drone strikes Six months after President Obama laid out US rules for using armed drones, a Bureau analysis shows that covert drone strikes in Yemen and Pakistan have killed more people than in the six months before the speech. Protests in Thailand The mass protests, the biggest since 2010, are the latest round in an escalating battle between the Bangkokcentred establishment and the family clan of Thaksin Shinawatra, a billionaire former PM, and his sister Yingluck, the current PM EU demands protection against U.S. data surveillance EU justice commissioner Viviane Reding said she wanted Washington to follow through on its promise to give all EU citizens the right to sue in the United States if their data is misused. China arrested 1,000 over threat to state security Swedens Fashion Giant H&M stops making angora products after chilling rabbit torture video hits internet  Animal rights group released it showing fur being painfully plucked from screaming, live rabbits on Chinese farms. Italy's Senate expels Silvio Berlusconi CocaCola suspends their ad campaign for best reason possible, to donate their entire ad budget to the typhoon relief efforts in the Philippines. So far they've donated over $2.5 million in cash. A man in Wales has thrown away a hard drive containing 7500 Bitcoins  approximate value $6.5m UN Approves Rights to Privacy in the Digital Age. New Snowden docs show U.S. spied during G20 in Toronto A couple in Russia face jail after their religious zeal compelled them to drive their child, injured in a car crash, to church for an urgent baptism rather than to hospital. The twomonthold infant died. People in the Streets of Shanghai Use Weibo (Chinese Twitter) to Rescue 600 Cats from Being Skinned  Man transporting them in small crates to sell for their fur & meat was stopped by concerned citizens, who forcibly took them from him & called rescue groups. Japan Wants To Turn The Moon Into A Giant Solar Power Plant Veterans Are Being Threatened and Silenced by the US and UK Militaries Egypt jails women protesters for 11 years  21 women are given 11year prison sentences, far harsher than those of policemen accused of beating to death and assaulting protesters South Koreas Spy Agency, Military Sent 24.2 Million Tweets to Manipulate Election  Global Voices After 50 Years, Cuba Says Its Baseball Players Can Go Abroad U of M grad thrown in Maximum Security Dubai prison for posting a youtube video An Israeli court on Thursday jailed six Arab citizens for killing a farright soldier after he slew four Arabs and wounded more than 20 in a 2005 shooting spree. 4.2 tonnes of ammunition and 328 illegal firearms seized from farmer in Australia. Video of haul in link. From 600,000 down to 30,000  Spain's government has reduced the fines it was set to impose on unauthorized protesters outside the parliament. This is just a makeover of 1st bill, they're still trying to silence the general public, says opposition. Imagine a hospital room, door handle or kitchen countertop that is free from bacteria  and not one drop of disinfectant or boiling water or dose of microwaves has been needed to zap the germs. That is the idea behind a startling discovery made by scientists in Australia. BBC News Japan, South Korea defy China air zone rules Police digging up mass graves in western Mexico have now found human remains from at least 54 victims there. SOUTH KOREA Government brands prodemocracy priest as enemy of the nation Muslim Brotherhood Fatwa A Woman Who Swims Is An Adulteress, Touching Bananas Haram Baby dinosaur skeleton found intact in Alberta  Calgary German court rules top cop can keep his job in police force despite being convicted of raping his girlfriend as she stayed in relationship with him Meanwhile in Croatia.. Popular Gay Band The XX To Sue Croatian Hate Group For Using Their Music In AntiGay Ad Swedish prisoner escapes.. to go to the dentist. Returns to prison afterwards. Japanese want to build a power plant on the moon and send the energy to earth using lasers or microwaves. Police Distribute Roses To Gay Pride Marchers in India New Snowden document reveals NSAs international malware operation The NSA has infected more than 50,000 computer networks worldwide with malicious software designed to steal sensitive and private information China sends warplanes to newly declared air zone Plans for gayonly retirement homes to protect elderly homosexuals from homophobia are being considered in France Brazil confirms satellite deal after US spying outcry  Brazil's stateowned telecom provider Telebras signed a $560 million contract to deliver a satellite for secure communications Thursday, following months of outrage over revelations of US cyberspying. Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds caused the 'financial downfall' of thousands of small businesses through unscrupulous business practices, according to an explosive report out on Monday Canadian RCMP officer says he has 'legal right' to smoke medical marijuana in uniform Germany and Britain block Palestinian bid to join international olive trade group China 'tailed' US and Japanese planes in defence zone China says its fighter jets followed US and Japanese planes as they passed inside China's newly declared air defence zone in the East China Sea. Amsterdam sees closure of 'potcafes' as next step to prohibition  The Netherlands is unique on marijuana possession policy  While an illegal drug, having 5 grams or less is not a criminal offense. Visitors to Amsterdam's coffee shops may find this law doesn't apply to them anymore. Karzai says U.S. drone strike killed child, wont sign security deal if similar attacks continue Laidoff Spanish TV staff mutiny, take over broadcasts 2 Blasts outside US Air base in Japan Iraq violence Eighteen killed after being abducted. The UN says 979 people  including 158 police and 127 military personnel  were killed in violent attacks in October. More than 6,500 civilians have died since January, the highest annual toll since 2008 A new and more aggressive strain of HIV discovered in West Africa causes significantly faster progression to AIDS Berlusconi accused of bribing witnesses in prostitution trial Thai protesters capture army HQ Recent estimates put the number of young men and women involved in gang activity at 150,000 in the UK. What we have also started to see is an increase in gangrapes. Seven, eight, nine, 10 in a group targeting vulnerable young girls. 450,000 Christians flee from Muslim attacks in the Central African Republic Microsoft, HURTING after NSA backdooring, will now harden own pipe CNN cuts most crucial points from interview with Russia's UN envoy on Syria Weve had enough Shipyard workers protest treatment after coworker commits suicide NSA's Blackmail By Porn Strategy, The Abuse We Were All Waiting For Thousands expected to take part in Day of Rage protests against Israel's plan to displace tens of thousands of Bedouin. Berlin council votes to open first cannabis cafe Helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow. I Tried to See Where My TShirt Was Made, and the Factory Sent Thugs After Me  After meeting India's sumangali girls, I'll never look at cute, cheap clothes the same way again. Pope launches blistering attack on the 'tyranny of capitalism' as he warns we're all heading towards 'disintegration and death' The Syrian civil war is creating a generation of traumatized, isolated and undereducated children who are vulnerable to exploitation and recruitment by armed groups Veteran RCMP Officer Cpl. Ron Francis brought to tears while being stripped of his uniform after being fired for smoking legally prescribed marijuana North Korea Calls Captive 85YearOld US Citizen 'Criminal' For His Service During Korean War Germany spends millions on animalonly bridges Police in Jamaica say authorities have seized 3,300 missile warheads and a machine to make missiles and bullets. 90 firms responsible for emitting twothirds of world's deadly gases since 1751 Egypt to pardon women jailed over protest  21 women and girls, whose 11year sentencing for a peaceful protest caused outrage, will be freed after court processes Islamic law and suspicion fuel polio resurgence Vodafone Iceland Breached, Website defaced, database containing 70,000+ Accounts leaked. Berlin borough pushing for Germanys first cannabis coffeeshop Billions from Beijing Africans Divided over Chinese Presence  Chinese companies have pumped billions into Africa to secure access to natural resources, boosting countries' economies along the way. Ordinary citizens aren't reaping the benefits though & are growing more wary of the new investors. AFP British burned, dumped 'embarrassing' colonial documents [Greece] Journalist found guilty of insulting 'proud national socialisty calling him a 'neonazi' Canada's Role in NSA's Global Spy Network Revealed A meteor hit Zakynthos, the third largest Greek island, in the Ionian Sea on Wednesday night China scrambles fighter jets towards US and Japan aircraft in disputed air zone; Escalation of response in South China Sea is the first time China is known to have sent military jets in zone alongside foreign craft. Spain's youth unemployment rate has resurged to a record 57.4%, 24.4% of Europe's under25 population is unemployed Dutch intelligence agency AIVD hacks internet fora Israel likely to be first nonEuropean member of CERN World's lawmakers endorse making political corruption a Crime Against Humanity, at United Nations UNCAC Pope sends Archbishop and Swiss guards onto the streets of Rome at night to comfort the poor and the homeless. More than 100,000 demonstrators chased away police to rally in the center of Ukraine's capital on Sunday, defying a government ban on protests on Independence Square, in the biggest show of anger over the president's refusal to sign an agreement with the European Union. Woman has child taken from her womb by social services  Telegraph Indian Muslim females overwhelmingly reject Islamist attempt to lower marriage age for women Leaked paper reveals UN split over war on drugs  Instead, a number of countries are pushing for the war on drugs to be seen in a different light, which places greater emphasis on treating drug consumption as a public health problem, rather than a criminal justice matter. Mangalyaan, India's Mars Orbiter, has successfully commenced its journey to Mars Thousands of Israelis took to the streets across the country Saturday to protest a government plan to displace some 40,000 Arab Bedouins from their lands. Spies worry over doomsday cache stashed by exNSA contractor Snowden Life imprisonment of five out of six teachers for repeatedly raping a 19yearold Untouchable girl student The Richest World Leaders Are Even Richer Than You Thought Starfish dying off in large numbers in two oceans China's government declares victory in removing negativity and unruliness about China's government from the internet. The Government started an internet scrubbing program over the summer, arresting opinion leaders and stepping up government presence to control the message in cyberspace. Cayman Islands and Costa Rica agree to share bank account details with US  The alleged tax havens have signed agreements with the United States to tell the IRS about funds held offshore by Americans INTERVIEW Predatory development is threatening Brazils Amazon  Marina Silva. The Amazon gives us rain and consequently all the water in this region. Its like killing the chicken that lays the golden egg, Silva said. Israel's new opposition leader says he told Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas that a clear majority in Israel supports a peace deal with the Palestinians and that his Labor Party will back any future agreement Britain targets Guardian newspaper over intelligence leaks related to Edward Snowden Germany Berlin council votes to open first cannabis cafe A Generation of US and UK War Veterans Are Being Silenced David Cameron distances UK from Dalai Lama and Tibet to woo Beijing Turkey court brands swimming goggles 'weapons' Standing by Palestine, India opens visa service in Ramallah EU to Yanukovych You're taking Ukraine nowhere  Lithuanian & German leaders rebuke Ukraine's Viktor Yanukovych over his uturn on EU integration. Germany's Angela Merkel's brief encounter with the stonyfaced Ukrainian chief was captured in a video. Ukrainian protesters warned against mass disorder. Clashes in Kyiv right now. East African nations agree on monetary union to boost trade The War on Democracy How corporations and spy agencies use security to defend profiteering and crush activism It is completely unacceptable to give a 15yearold a breast enlargement as a Christmas present  Germany to ban plastic surgery on children Italian girl gangraped after a false Facebook page told she was available to anyone. Onlooker failed to help cause it 'was none of his business.' Spooky Business A New Report on Corporate Espionage Against Nonprofits. Chamber of Commerce, Walmart, Monsanto, Kraft, CocaCola, Chevron, Burger King, McDonalds, Shell, BP have been linked to espionage or planned espionage against nonprofit organizations, activists and whistleblowers. African elephants could fall by 1/5 due to poaching  There were 100 million at turn of 20th century. That has fallen to 1/2 million. 22,000 were killed in 2012. Rate of killing compared to natural population growth means the largest animal on earth could soon become extinct. Fresh spy leak shows Australia offered to share data on its citizens Croatia voted a ban on samesex marriage Two German students have vandalised part of the Pyramid of Khufu Sweden's prison population has dropped so dramatically that the country plans to close four of its prisons Saab to resume making cars in Sweden Roman Catholic Church pushes for constitutional ban on gay marriage in new EU memberstate Croatia, arguing that samesex marriage is not a human right. Revealed Australian spy agency offered to share data about ordinary citizens (Snowden) Ukraine Leader Is Called On to Resign as Anger Swells I want the authorities to know that this is not a protest; this is a revolution! Yuri V. Lutsenko, a former interior minister, told a vast crowd here in Independence Square Revolution! the crowd roared back. Revolution! UN implicates Bashar alAssad in Syria war crimes The UN's human rights chief has said an inquiry has produced evidence that war crimes were authorised in Syria at the highest level, including by President Bashar alAssad. Croatia changes constitution to ban Gay Marriage in a referendum heavily influenced by the catholic church Former Israeli PM Netanyahu has 'declared war on the US government' Major study that fuelled fears of GMOs retracted Nearly a century after the Armenian genocide, these people are still being slaughtered in Syria China launches first moon mission Potsmoking Mountie returns serge, accuses RCMP of not helping members with PTSD Violent demonstrations have Thailands prime minister on the run  The PM is sister of Thaksin Shinawatra, a billionaire & former PM who himself was forced from office in a 2006 coup & is now in exile in Dubai still wielding significant influence in his home country. US push on intellectual property violates international norms Thousands protest US drone strikes in Pakistan Secret filming highlights poor care of U.K. brain injury victims  lying in urine and call bell ripped out from hand in the neurorehabilitation unit. China's Jade Rabbit takes great hop for mankind  The Register | Chinas first lunar rover, dubbed Yutu or Jade Rabbit, has finally left the hutch today as part of the Change 3 mission to become the first Moon landing probe sent up by the Peoples Republic.