 Islamic State 'kills US hostage' Steven Sotloff Malaysia Airlines has provoked a storm of controversy by asking customers to list the things they would most like to do before they die. US claims it has rightful access to data stored on servers anywhere in the world. Russian General Calls for Preemptive Nuclear Strike Doctrine Against NATO Pakistan army kills 910 Taliban militants Danish mosque declares support for Isis Obama says US will 'degrade and destroy' Islamic State 'American forces are on the ground here' Kurds claim US commandos ARE fighting ISIS with them in northern Iraq, after Obama said no 'combat troops' would fight Israel shows evidence of rocket fire from Gaza schools Saudi Arabia's proposal to destroy Prophet Mohammeds tomb and move remains to anonymous grave risks new Muslim division UK bans American Apparel adverts UK for 'Sexualising Schoolgirls' and 'Underage Porn' Moscow has continued to deny direct involvement in the fighting in eastern Ukraine. But evidence to the contrary continues to mount. NATO says up to 1,000 Russian soldiers have joined the fray and the proRussian separatists have made a remarkable turnaround. Jordan signs 15 year deal to import natural gas from Israel, estimated value more than $15bn New drug cured 16 of 16 monkeys with a viral ebola relative. Obama signs off on request for more U.S. troops in Iraq President Obama We will degrade and destroy ISIS CDC Window Is Closing on Containing Ebola Fortyeight Kurdish intellectuals symbolically convert to Yezidi faith to protest Islamic State attacks Putin's spokesman Russia 'did not agree a ceasefire' Mexican state of Coahuila legalises samesex marriage Kremlin is ready to release phone conversation about 'taking Kiev in two weeks' ISIS said in a recent tweet it is forcing detained Syrian pilots to train militant fighters to fly stolen aircraft In an attack that felt like an earthquake, U.S. forces hit Islamic extremists in Somalia Ukraine Retracts Announcement of CeaseFire With Russia ICC Palestine is a state, can file war crimes complaints against Israel if chooses Russia warns NATO not to offer membership to Ukraine France suspends plans to deliver warship to Russia amid Ukraine tensions. Deep sea 'mushroom' may be new branch of life The pace of Ebola infection has accelerated, and there were close to 400 deaths in the past week alone. The UN says $600 million in supplies would be needed to fight the outbreak. Canadian beekeepers sue Bayer, Syngenta over neonicotinoid pesticides for over $400 million Nova Scotia to ban fracking ISIS Capture Russian Jets In Syria, Tell Vladimir Putin Hes Next Obama casts Russia as threat to peace in Europe  Vows to defend all NATO states, specifically reassures the baltic states will be defended. France raises possibility of military action on Islamic State South Africa refuses Dalai Lama visa for Nobel summit Israel bars 13 Members of the European parliment from visiting Gaza British hostage captured by Isis is experienced aid worker who helped Muslim communities in the Balkans  The British hostage threatened with death by Islamic State (Isis) militants was an experienced aid worker who spent years trying so hard to help communities ravaged by war in the Balkans Ukraine army on alert to repel possible rebel attack near Mariupol  military source Islamic State officially outlawed in Israel In Estonia, Obama pledges to defend Baltic States, calls for a unified NATO to help Ukraine strengthen its forces IS militants 'killed up to 770 Iraqi troops' in single atrocity Two UK researchers investigating migrant worker treatment 'missing' in Qatar Sky Films Troops 'In Russian Gear' In Ukraine Canada prepared to act with allies against Islamic State Harper France faces huge Mistral bill for halting Russia deal The decision to suspend delivery of a Mistral naval assault ship to Russia risks costing France at least 1bn euros (800m), officials say. A hail of U.S. missiles aimed at the leader of Somalia's al Shabaab militants may have left a gaping hole in the group's leadership, potentially the biggest challenge to its unity since it emerged as a fighting force eight years ago. French spy who sunk Greenpeace Ship has wildlife photograph published in Greenpeace calendar Guinea detects Ebola in new region as U.S. warns outbreak out of control Iraqi soldier survives Isis mass execution by playing dead for hours to escape militants who massacred hundreds ISIS threatens to liberate Chechnya and Caucasus; Chechnya threatens to destroy ISIS After convincing China to give up shark fin soup, Yao Ming sets out to save Africa's elephants from the ivory trade Lego is now the worlds largest toymaker, as kids choose bricks over Barbie AntiISIS flagburning campaign launched by a trio of fearless Lebanese teens have ignited an Internet antiterror sensation Photographs show Amazonian tribe capturing and stripping illegal rainforest loggers The tribes have sent out their warriors to expel all loggers they find, setting up monitoring camps in the areas that are being illegally exploited. Three top ISIS lieutenants killed in US bombing raid British jihadists fighting in Syria are increasingly disillusioned and want to come home, it has been reported | Dozens of them are reported to want to return to Britain but are afraid they will be locked up for years if they do so. Estonia intelligence officer abducted by gunpoint and taken to Russia Iran's Supreme Leader has approved cooperation with the US as part of the fight against Islamic State in northern Iraq, sources have told BBC Persian. A group of indigenous people in Brazil's Amazon region have detained and expelled loggers working illegally in their ancestral lands. Korean 20 year old dies in military service after a month of systematic beating, military is accused of covering up bullying Prominent Imams Denounce ISIS, Prohibit Muslims From Joining. According to the fatwa, British and other EU citizens should not only avoid joining the extremist group, but should also actively oppose its poisonous ideology. New dinosaur discovered! Ancient behemoth Meet Dreadnoughtus, a supermassive dino Ukraine ceasefire deal 'signed' The U.N. nuclear watchdog said it has seen releases of steam and water indicating that North Korea may be operating a reactor, in the latest update on a plant that experts say could make plutonium for atomic bombs. British jihadists want to come home, say they made 'mistake' Archaeologists Make Spectacular Discovery Off Denmarks Coast Stone Age boat & settlement foundBoat has repairs. It split 6,500 yrs ago & they tried to fix the crack by putting a bark strip over it & drilling holes on both sides. The most exciting thing is there's sealing mass in the holes. US confirms alShabab leader killed Worldfirst experiment achieves direct braintobrain communication in human subjects Large asteroid to pass very close to Earth on Sunday NATO allies to supply Ukraine with lethal military equipment Russian TV shows funeral of soldier killed 'on leave' in Ukraine Japan transfers $1 billion in frozen oil money to Iran Thirtyfour Bosnian coal miners trapped underground after earthquake US, S Korea reportedly to set up wartime unit to destroy North's nukes US doctor infected with Ebola heading to Nebraska Man escapes ISIS execution W.H.O alerts Kenya that a passenger, who claims to be a CNN journalist, on a Kenya Airways flight may be infected with Ebola F15s Dispatched to 'Unresponsive Aircraft' Over Atlantic More Syrians have died in 3 years of war than Americans in every war since WW2 A rigorous new study by the United Nations Office of Human Rights has confirmed 191,369 deaths from the Syrian civil war since it began in 2011, of which about 100,000 have been killed in the last 14 months alone Whaling ban seen as restoring blue whales in northeast Pacific The number of blue whales in the northeastern Pacific returns to nearhistoric levels thanks to a 48yr international ban on commercial or subsistence whaling for this species.. Malaysian Islamic Police Raid Hotel Room, Arrest Two Women For Being Lesbians Obama Recruits 9 Allied Nations To Combat ISIS Russian government admits detaining Estonian security official, claims incident occurred on Russian soil. A freed French hostage has claimed that one of the Islamists who held him captive in Syria was the suspect in the Jewish Museum shooting in Brussels. European Union imposes new sanctions on Russia Russian news mistakes video game poster for U.S. propaganda Robots to replace chemical, steel workers in China Russia 'will react' to EU sanctions Saudis Raid House Church, Arrest 27 Christians US and 10 NATO Allies Form Coalition to Destroy ISIS British jihadists on the run from terror group IS in Syria Rights Groups Demand Answers from Qatar over 'Disappearance' of British Researchers Investigating Migrant Worker Abuses PM Announces the Deployment of Canadian Armed Forces to Iraq AntiSemitism drives largest ever French immigration to Israel Russia to reopen Arctic naval base Canada's Army Tested Drones in the Arctic for 1st Time Ever  While the US plots more antimissile defense in Canada's Arctic, the Canucks are testing drones. Sierra Leone declares Ebola lockdown  From 18 to 21 September people will not be allowed to leave their homes, a senior official said. The aim of the move is to allow health workers to isolate new cases to prevent the disease from spreading further. Israel preparing for very violent war against Hezbollah, TV report says Unresponsive Airplane Flying Towards Cuba (LIVE UPDATES)  Flight Tracker in the links Taiwanese health authorities said on Friday they were investigating more than 200 companies that allegedly used recycled cooking oils obtained from restaurants in their products, in the latest food safety scandal to hit the island. Sierra Leone to Impose 3Day Ebola Quarantine For three days, from Sept. 19 to Sept. 21, everybody is expected to stay indoors as 7,000 teams of health and community workers go door to door to root out hidden Ebola patients 6 months after Malaysian Air plane disappeared, Chinese police eat, detain relatives of missing MH370 passengers' Viking 'ring fortress' discovered in Denmark Finnish Somalis Help us prevent ISIS from recruiting our youth Ukraine gov't forces attacked in Mariupol, day into ceasefire Zimbabwe Go Back to England, Mugabe Tells Whites Civilians accidentally killed in airstrikes in Iraq; 72 killed, 27 wounded | The casualties include civilians at a Hawija hospital, where 18 were killed and 16 wounded. Eight of the fatalities were newborns housed in a premature baby wing that collapsed due to the strike. Kenya thanks US for killing Abdi Godane Latest YouGov Scottish Independence poll for the Sunday Times YES 51% (+4), NO 49% (4) ISIL takes 100 kids at an orphanage hostage in Nineveh Shock new poll says Scots set to vote yes to independence ISIS in Iraq Canada to send special ops soldiers as advisers Merkel  Germany no place for antiSemitism Obama vows US will 'hunt down' ISIS 'wherever they are 15 Christians held under Pakistan's blasphemy laws Abbas threatens to end unity with Hamas Ebola spreads to jails, with 5 infected patients discovered in Monrovia's Central Prison per latest situation report IS Militants Behead Five Fortunetellers in Mosul ISIS Teaches Children How to Behead in Training Camps Supporters of Scottish independence take narrow poll lead for first time A fleet of four Japanese ships left Hokkaido on Sunday to start the seasonal research whaling hunt in Pacific coastal waters, local media said. Japans Fisheries Agency has said whalers planned to kill up to 51 minke whales in waters off Kushiro city through the end of October. Fighting resumes in Mariupol, ceasefire may be over Israeli official Hamas preparing for next war. Islamist group renews rocket production, tunnel construction More armed searches of Crimean Tatar homes Families of MH370 claim abuse and detainment by Chinese police A Chinese boy has made the discovery of lifetime by stumbling across a 3,000yearold bronze sword in a river in Jiangsu Province. Archaeologists have dated the 26cm (10in) weapon to either the Shang or Zhou dynasties  the dawn of Chinese civilisation  based on its material, size and shape. 'Meteorite' smashes into Nicaraguan capital NASA space submarine to explore oceans in Titan, one of Saturns moons Whistleblower Edward Snowden released a document Friday that shows that U.S. intelligence planned to spy on foreign companies to outline 'future threats' to U.S. economic predominance. Arab League joins USled coalition against Islamic State Russia reopens criminal cases against Lithuanians who refused to serve in Soviet army British female jihadis are running an ISIS Police Force to punish women for unIslamic behaviour. The German government has strongly criticized nightly patrols in the city of Wuppertal by men calling themselves Sharia police. EU sanctions defy Russia warning and will take effect on Tuesday Russia says it could close its airspace to Western airlines if new EU sanctions are imposed Palestinian president threatens to break off alliance with Hamas unless Islamic group gives up power in Gaza Al Jazeera Pulls Story Suggesting ISIS Videos Of Foley, Sotloff Were Fake CIA 'tortured alQaeda suspects close to the point of death by drowning them in waterfilled bat Activists promise biggest climate march in history. Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to take to the streets of New York, London and eight other cities worldwide in a fortnight to pressure world leaders to take action on global warming Three Italian nuns raped and killed in Burundi, one beheaded Four NATO allies deny Ukraine statement on providing arms Three German men suspected of being members of the Somalian terrorist organization alShabab were arrested at Frankfurt airport as they attempted to reenter the country Hilton Hotel in Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada, under quarantine after woman falls ill. Peacekeepers in Somalia use aid to rape women and buy sex for $5  Human Rights Watch Pope accepts resignation of head of scandalplagued Irish church Scottish independence Ed Miliband raises prospect of guards along the border if Scotland votes 'Yes' in referendum Israeli company says it can produce experimental Ebola drug Norwegian MP says Norway should arrest Snowden if he wins the Nobel Peace Price. Obama U.S. military to provide equipment, resources to battle Ebola epidemic in Africa Starving Ebola patients escape Liberian medical centre by threatening to infect security; one dies on the street New Report World Leaders Call For Ending Criminalization of Drug Use and Possession and Responsible Legal Regulation of Psychoactive Substances Another victory for Kim Dotcom, he's getting all Megaupload data back  Neowin ISIS Kidnaps 50 Civilians After They Burn Islamic State Flag MH17 crash Dutch experts say numerous objects hit plane Russian agents raiding homes of Muslims in Crimea 2,300 year old mysterious tomb discovered in Amphipolis, Greece. Russia Reports Troop Deaths In Ukraine, But Calls Them 'Volunteers' Steven Sotloff Was Sold To ISIS By 'Moderate' Rebels, Family Spokesman Tells CNN Spain opens door to ban on burqas Spain's interior minister Jorge Fernndez Daz on Wednesday said the Spanish government would consider including a ban on burqas as part of a packet of planned new security reforms. USAF rotates F16s in Poland as tensions with Russia continue Russians 'operated BUK' in MH17 area Dalai Lama Blasts Putin's SelfCenteredness Fury in Germany over Sharia Police Patrols the Sharia Police patrolled the streets in attempt to stop people from listening to music, drinking, and gambling. The government said that the Sharia Police would not be allowed to replace the actual police and that Germany did not want Sharia law. Pakistan mosque collapses on worshipers Russian military plane circles HMCS Toronto in Black Sea 6 Elephant Poachers Caught in Mozambique Reserve  During the early morning raid, 12 tusks & 2 rifles were confiscated. 2 of the tusks, 23 kilograms (57 lbs) each, were from an elephant about 40 yrs old. The tusks were worth over US$150,000. ISISAffiliated Twitter Account Calls For Assassination Of Twitter Employees, Twitter Investigating Ebola spreading exponentially in Liberia with many thousands of new cases expected in next three weeks, WHO says. MH17 shootdown suspects 'were Russian' claim eyewitnesses Lost Franklin expedition ship found in the Arctic 4.5 Million Fish Dead in Environmental Disaster in Mexico (Unbelievable Pictures) Iran arrests 'Afghans and Pakistanis joining Islamic State' Israeli defense minister Turkey is openly supporting terrorism Germany TV displays Ukrainian soldiers bearing Nazi insignia Russia Threatens to Bankrupt Western Airlines by Closing Its Airspace There are now over 4268 Ebola cases, with over 2288 dead Anxiety and sleeping pills linked to Alzheimer's disease benzodiazepine use for three months or more was linked to an increased risk (up to 51%) of dementia. ISIS declares war on Twitter Terror group warns employees they will be assassinated for closing down Islamist propaganda accounts David Attenborough to return for new BBC series about Great Barrier Reef Ukraine says Russia withdrawing forces from east, sees boost for peace Suicide has claimed more than one million lives over the past 20 years in Russia Digital mapping uncovers super henge that dwarfed Stonehenge Putin sacks governor for rally against Russian invasion of Ukraine BritishIranian woman imprisoned for two months for trying to watch volleyball game in Tehran Saudi antiChristian sweep prompts calls for US involvement. The West should demand that its strategic ally, Saudi Arabia, release the Christians at once and allow them to pray according to their own faith traditions. Ebola outbreak threatens Liberia's national existence President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday accused Western countries of creating the Ukrainian crisis and using it to revive NATO. Cameron Tells Scotland There Will Be No Going Back Nato expansion unlikely before late 2015, Finland and Sweden could walk in within a week Nurse who survived Ebola returning to fight Ebola in Sierra Leone A snail once thought to have been among the first species to go extinct because of climate change has reappeared in the wild. As climate change debate heats up, UN experts warn we are running out of time We know without any doubt that our climate is changing and our weather is becoming more extreme due to human activities such as the burning of fossil fuels, World Meteorological Organization SecretaryGeneral said ISIS Forms AllFemale AlKhansaa Brigade To Hunt Down Spies Disguised As Women In Burqas Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation pledges $50 million to support emergency efforts to contain Ebola epidemic Video shows Islamic Jihad digging new Gaza tunnels 5 million compromised Google accounts leaked Some of the world's biggest banks have gone on red alert on the increased chance that Scotland might secede from the United Kingdom More young people in Spain are NEETs (Not in Education, Employment or Training) than anywhere else in the EU, with graduate unemployment also tripling the OECD average. Venezuela's inflation rises to 63.4% China tells Dalai Lama again to respect reincarnation France ready to join USA in airstrikes against ISIS Famous dominatrix kicked out of Canadian Senate hearing after threatening to expose politicians who hire prostitutes Oscar Pistorious found NOT guilty for premeditated murder China sees big drop in carbon emissions Premier. There is no turning back in China's commitment to a sound ecosystem. We have declared war on pollution and earnestly fulfilled international responsibilities, Gates Foundation commits $50 million to fight Ebola in West Africa Russia has warned that US air strikes against militants in Syria would be a gross violation of international law. North Korea acks Scottish independence' Ukraine Starts Building Wall to Keep Russia Out US drone strike kills 14 afghan civilians including women and children ISIS proposing plans to go to Mexico and enter Southern US states across the American border; the Mexican Drug Cartels will likely not permit ISIS activity because they do not want the US Military to retaliate against ISIS and begin operations on the Mexican border. Obama prepared to authorize air strikes in Syria against Islamic State 500 Bodies Found in IS Mass Grave in Northern Iraq Ebola fatality rate is ~80%, not ~50% as previously assumed She's a 14yearold Yazidi girl given as a gift to an ISIS commander; heres how she escaped Half of Europeans want to tackle international issues without US meddling For Many Iranians, the Evidence Is Clear ISIS Is an American Invention Scientists 'Extreme' solar storm heading to Earth that could interfere with power grids, satellites and radio transmissions North Koreans ack Scottish independence because of fondness for Scotch whisky' Around 5 football fields of tropical forest illegally cleared every minute between 2000 & 2012  Most illegal deforestation for commercial agriculture is in Brazil & Indonesia. Demand for agricultural products driving 'shock' tree loss. Two stunning caryatid statues have been unearthed holding up the entrance to the biggest ancient tomb ever found in Greece 12 km demonstration in Catalonia making the letter V to demand the right to vote in a referendum Dalai Lama Refuses to be Reborn If Tibet Is Not Free The U.S. and European Union are poised to halt billions of dollars in oil exploration in Russia by the worlds largest energy companies in sanctions that would cut deeper than previously disclosed Ultraorthodox Jewish sect engaged in human trafficking and tied up disobedient teens Police warrants Hamas higherup in Gaza pulled trigger on teens' abduction, coordinated with Hamas member in Turkey Germany officially makes helping Islamic State (IS) a crime Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicide British Female Jihadists 'Are Running Brothels Full Of Captured Sex Slaves For Islamic State Militants' Ecuador to tax fast food in effort to halt soaring obesity rate People are dying from bad food, not a lack of food. People will stop eating so many McDonalds and Burger King hamburgers [with this tax]. This favours the production of our traditional gastronomy. President Correa told journalists. Archaeologists in Siberia have discovered a suit of armour made of animal bones which they believe could be aged between 3,500 and 3,900 years old. The sheath, found in perfect condition, is made of the bones of an unidentified animal. The armour may have been built for an elite warrior Virologist Fight against Ebola in Sierra Leone and Liberia is lost Russian ruble hits record low as sanctions loom Pilot rescues baby elephant who survived massacre by flying it home in fourseater plane We were able to confirm about 100 animals had indeed been massacred at that site in a national park in Chad, when we found the baby elephant he was tied up to a tree where he had been for the last 3to4 days. NASAs Mars Curiosity Rover Arrives at Martian Mountain U.S. Air Force and Navy aircraft flew more than 2,700 missions to combat Islamic State in Iraq even before President Barack Obama announced an expanded military campaign against the Sunni extremists In the dead of night, Ukrainian troops and Russianbacked rebel forces exchanged 67 prisoners who had been captured during fighting in eastern Ukraine, part of a ceasefire deal that has struggled to succeed Israeli intelligence veterans refuse to serve in Palestinian territories. They say actions not consistent with a democracy Philippines displays ancient maps to debunk China's sea claims Jordan alarmed over Obama plan to arm 'moderates' Germany bans ISIS symbols and propoganda. The US government has imposed new sanctions on major Russian banks, defence and energy firms over Russia's support for separatists in Ukraine. Italys first Muslim councillor flees the country in fear of her life after a series of death threats President Barack Obama said on Thursday the United States will join the European Union in imposing tougher sanctions on Russia's financial, energy and defense sectors Experts worry Ebola could mutate to spread by air Turkey Will Refuse US Permission to Use Air Bases For Attacking ISIS Police raid homes of Latvians connected to pro Russia rebels in Ukraine, weapons found Cuba sending dozens of doctors to fight Ebola Cuba Sends Drugs, Medical Supplies to Gaza | Hamas thanks Cuba for 'noble gesture,' after it sent six tons of drugs and medical supplies to Gaza. Department of Justice HewlettPackard Russia Pleads Guilty to and Sentenced for Bribery of Russian Government Officials. HP and Subsidiaries Will Pay $108 Million in Criminal and Regulatory Penalties Scientist who identified Ebola virus calls for 'quasimilitary intervention' Rob Ford withdraws from Toronto mayor race ISIL hit U.S. F15 with antiaircaft batteries captured from Iraq  World Tribune | World Tribune Israel tells US it will act if ISIS reaches Jordan Nigeria reportedly kills 200 Boko Haram members along with feared commander in rare victory in the country's north Hamas admits it fired rockets from civilian areas A convoy of more than 200 trucks that Russia says is carrying humanitarian aid has crossed the border into Ukraine without permission. Ukrainian border guards and customs officer did not have access to them to check what they were carrying. Germany plans to fund education about antiSemitism for Muslim youth Masked and caped anonymous superheroes are popping up throughout Mexico. They are being referred to as the Mexican Power Rangers. U.S. government scientists Ebola epidemic to last 12 to 18 months, infect hundreds of thousands. Pope says world's many conflicts amount to piecemeal World War Three War is madness. Even today, after the second failure of another world war, perhaps one can speak of a third war, one fought piecemeal, with crimes, massacres, destruction. War is irrational; its only plan is to bring destruction New Russian Military Bases Going Up on Arctic Island Near Alaska  Putin sees control of the Arctic as a matter of serious strategic concern for Moscow. New Zealand Prime Minister John Key dismisses Glenn Greenwald as [Kim] Dotcom's little henchman. after Greenwald claims the New Zealand government is conducting mass surveillance on its citizens. Key previously he'd resign if it were proven the New Zealand government was spying on citizens. Ebola surging beyond control, WHO's Margaret Chan warns Tribes battle illegal loggers in the Amazon in these shocking photographs Australian police in riot gear removing Aboriginal children from their parents Defrocked Catholic priest Eric Dejaeger found guilty of 24 sex charges involving Inuit children Syrian rebels and the Islamic State have agreed a nonaggression pact near Damascus Turkey overflowing with $36 billion in mystery funds Boko Haram Now Controls An Area In Nigeria The Size Of Ireland Islamic State fighters in Iraq and Syria now have about 20,000 to 31,500 fighters on the ground, the US Central Intelligence Agency says, much higher than a previous estimate of 10,000 How U.N. troops defied orders, opened fire and escaped Syrian rebels Iran 'sending troops' to fight Islamic State in Iraq Advocates for tribal people in Peru published new photos this week that show a troubling scene An apparent missionary and other outsiders in a tourist boat idling along the bank of a river to give clothes and other gifts to children from an isolated indigenous tribe Groundbreking stem cell transplant performed in Japan A woman in Japan suffering from an incurable eye disease has received what is being called the world's first human transplant of cells reprogrammed to an embryonic state The Pakistani Taliban announce its end of armed struggle in Pakistan. They will now increase their efforts to preach sharia through peaceful means, says TTP Chief Diver Finds Over 2,750YrOld Gold Coin in Bulgaria  It's believed to be the oldest gold coin ever discovered IS Beheads Briton David Haines, Threatens to Execute Another Briton, Alan Henning Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe awards PhD degree to wife 2 months after she enrolls Pope Francis is making good on his insistence that the Catholic Church welcome all faithful  not just those who obey church teaching perfectly. He'll marry 20 couples this weekend, including some who already live together and those with children, technically a sin in the eyes of the church. A group of disillusioned British jihadists who wanted to return home after fighting for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria have been taken prisoner by their militant commanders The parents of murdered journalist Steven Sotloff were told by a White House counterterrorism official at a meeting last May that they could face criminal prosecution if they paid ransom to try to free their son Uncovered U.K. intel encouraged Arab armies to invade Israel in 1948 'Shariah Police' ditch vests and change name Salafists who caused outrage by mounting patrols in western Germany as Shariah Police have ditched their vests and changed their name, but pledged to continue to take action. Pope marries couples who have cohabited, had children Pope Francis married 20 couples on Sunday, some of whom had already lived together and had children, in the latest sign that the Argentine pontiff wants the Catholic church to be more open and inclusive. Assad's regime insists it should be part of antiISIS alliance Syrian airstrike on Islamic State jihadist camp kills 18 France says 930 citizens or residents involved in jihad Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has sacked 10 government officials who have been out of the country without an excuse, amid a national Ebola crisis. Austria bans Isis terror symbols North Korea sentences U.S. citizen Matthew Todd Miller to six years hard labor Fresh sanctions will freeze big foreign oil projects in Russia ISIS executes eight Sunnis in northern Iraq Australia to deploy military force to UAE Another journalist beheaded by ISIS. British journalist David Haines beheaded in new video. ISIS destroys Sufi Shrines Freemarket era in Sweden swept away as feminists and greens plot new path | People are tired of the government  The common feeling is enough. Enough of privatisation, enough of big profit within the school system and within the health system. Researchers at Glasgow University have claimed a breakthrough in producing hydrogen fuel from water they say is fast, clean and cheap Catalans turn out en masse to ask for independence vote The NSA and GCHQ Campaign Against German Satellite Companies  Treasure Map is a vast NSA campaign to map the global internet. Britain will take whatever steps are necessary to keep the country safe, following the killing of hostage David Haines by Islamic State militants, the prime minister has said. Former Auschwitz guard, 93, charged with accessory to 300,000 murders in Germany Edward Snowden If you live in New Zealand you are being watched | The first of the documents have landed on the website of Greenwald Gaza landlords refusing to rent to Hamas, official says WikiLeaks releases previously unseen information on FinFisher (formerly part of the UK based Gamma Group International until late 2013), a company which produced weaponised surveillance malware used by intelligence agencies around the world to spy on journalists, political dissidents and others. 27 Christians in Saudi Arabia Arrested for Using House As a Church 2 young British tourists found murdered  stripped naked and bloodied  at beach on Thai island of Koh Tao Mass murder reported off Malta, 500 drowned Russia concerned about rights of Russian speakers in the Baltics NATO countries have begun arms deliveries to Ukraine defense minister The Chinese sturgeon, thought to have existed for more than 140 million years, is now on the brink of extinction. No wild sturgeon reproduced naturally last year in the Yangtze river, according to local media. It was the first time since researchers began recording levels 32 years ago. The joint military exercises of Ukraine and NATO begin today. Germans will soon be getting 30 percent of their power from renewable energy sources, by far the largest industrial power to reach that level in the modern era. Swedish Prime Minister Frederik Reinfeldt concedes defeat WikiLeaks has today released parts of the FinFisher surveillance suite, as well as a customer list that it claims includes the police forces of the Netherlands and New South Wales, and the intelligence arms of the Hungarian, Qatari, Italian, and Bosnian governments Ukraine Authorities Raid Newspaper Offices in Kiev WikiLeaks Australian Police use hacking software to spy on computers and smartphones Russia to provide military, other assistance to Iraq, Syria in combating terrorism NATO Countries Have Begun Arms Deliveries to Ukraine Al Qaeda group in India on first mission mistakenly attacks a Pakistani Navy frigate instead of a US aircraft carrier Scotland's referendum the no is winning The Queen hopes Scots will ''think very carefully'efore voting in the independence referendum  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Russia creates emergency fund to deal with Western sanctions New Zealand dismisses Snowden's claim it planned mass domestic spying Russia 'testing Polish resolve' with cut in gas supply They are requesting the maximum, and we are only able to supply closer to the daily minimum says Gazprom spokesperson. Germany and Turkey refuse to take part in bombing ISIS AlQaeda appeals to Islamic State to release British hostage Alan Henning AlQaeda believes Henning is an innocent aid volunteer who was genuinely trying to help suffering Muslims, and kidnapping him was a step too far Five hundred people drowned off the coast of Malta last week after people traffickers deliberately sank their ship A female member of Saudi Arabias National Society for Human Rights has reportedly been fined for driving herself to the hospital. When police pulled her over, Aliyah Al Farid said she had a medical emergency and there was no one available to drive her to the hospital so she took her husbands car. Plans for a major rewriting of international tax rules unveiled on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies like Google and Amazon to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills. The draft proposals announced have been agreed by all G20 members and OECD members ... ISIS Bans Teaching Evolution In Schools China creates cell phone lane for 'zombie pedestrians' who want to text and walk Ruble falls below .38 against the dollar for the first time in history. CellLike Structure Found in Martian Meteorite NASA Hottest August Globally Since Records Began in 1880  Last month was the warmest August globally since records began being kept in 1880, NASA reported Monday. The globe just keeps warming. NASA Unveils World's Largest Welder to Build New MegaRocket Study 40% of European Jews hide their religion Ebola crisis Obama administration to ask Congress for $1 billion to fight outbreak, sources say 14 year old Arab Israeli murdered in honor killing in Upper Galilee village. Fixing Climate Change May Add No Costs, Report Says When the secondary benefits of greener policies  like lower fuel costs, fewer premature deaths from air pollution and reduced medical bills  are taken into account, the changes might wind up saving money Japan 'Solar Islands' Replace Nuclear Power U.S. Hits ISIS Position Near Baghdad in New Phase of Strikes Almost half of China's wealthy are considering relocating to North America or Europe within the next five years to find better education and job opportunities for their children Soldiers Killed in Suicide Attack at U.S. Base in Kabul First dolphins of hunting season slaughtered in 'The Cove' in Taiji, Japan Ukraine rebels to get selfrule, amnesty Millions of banknotes sent to Scotland in case Yes vote sparks run on ATMs Turkey Is a Steady Source of ISIS Recruits Passengers eject Pakistani politicians out of plane for causing delay Belgian murderer Van Den Bleeken wins 'right to die'  Unable to control his violent sexual urges, Frank Van Den Bleeken, who is 50, argued he would never be freed. The Discovery of Mexico's First Coca Plantation Could Upend the Cocaine Business Hepatitis C drug in India to cost 1% of the US price German Muslim community announces protest against extremism in roughly 2,000 cities on Friday  We want to make clear that terrorists do not speak in the name of Islam. I am a Jew when synagogues are attacked. I am a Christian when Christians are persecuted for example in Iraq. France switches to Arabic Daesh acronym for Islamic State I do not recommend using the term Islamic State because it blurs the lines between Islam, Muslims and Islamists. The Arabs call it Daesh and I will be calling them the Daesh cutthroats foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told journalists France arrests 5 for belonging to a ring that recruits young women to join Islamic militants in Syria Pope Assassination Imminent, Iraq Ambassador To Vatican Warns; What has been declared by the selfdeclared Islamic State is clear  they want to kill the Pope. The threats against the Pope are credible, Al Sadr said during an interview with Italian newspaper La Nazione Boeing, SpaceX poised to build 'space taxis' for NASA BP caught using 'college' tricks to cheat page count in court document. Russian Travel Agencies Bankrupted as Demand Falls Up to 50% Kurds retake Christian villages from Iraq jihadists Kurdish peshmerga forces on Tuesday recaptured several Christian villages in northern Iraq in clashes with Islamic State jihadists Islamist Rebels in Iraq Resorting to Chemical Weapons At least 14 members of the Islamic State jihadist group were killed near Baghdad by a rocket that exploded as they were filling its warhead with chlorine gas, which the insurgents operating in Iraq appear to be seeking to weaponize Soviet Monuments in Lithuania SprayPainted in Ukraine's National Colors Gaza mortar shell lands in Israel for first time since war Angry mob throw Ukraine MP into rubbish bin Colossal squid weighing 350kg pulled from Antarctic The UN says Brazil is now rich enough to feed itself SHOE COMPANY Our CEO Just Disappeared And Most Of The Money Is Gone Pentagon US ground troops may join Iraqis in combat against Isis Russia Sending New Stealth Submarines to Crimea 7.1 earthquake strikes 21 miles off coast of Guam As many as 36 children were on Tuesday night reported to have died excruciating deaths after receiving tainted measles vaccines under a United Nationssponsored program in the rebelheld north of Syria Ebola is NOT Likely to go airbourne, says a Scientific American article citing top experts. Bill Clinton Netanyahu 'not the guy' to strike lasting Middle East peace deal. Former US president recorded going offmessage in criticising the Israeli governments unwillingness to seek peace. Russia, Egypt seal preliminary arms deal worth $3.5 billion No courtmartial for nurse who refused to give forcedfeeding at Gitmo  A Navy commander has chosen not to courtmartial a nurse who refused to conduct forced feedings of hunger strikers... John Key says Edward Snowden may well be right about NSA spying on NZ Police foiled plan by IS supporters in Australia to snatch a random member from the public, drape them in an IS flag, and behead them on camera Angry passengers throw Pakistani politician off plane after getting stuck on tarmac waiting for him for two hours North Korea Leads the World in Human Rights, Says Report by North Korea Man from Texas arrested for trying to swim to North Korea because he wanted to meet Kim JongUn Indian Army rushes 3 battalions to its borders as nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers enter India. The group of young Iranian men and women who released a YouTube video showing them dancing to pop star Pharrell Williams hit song Happy has been sentenced to six months in jail in addition to 91 lashes, their attorney is quoted as saying by the IranWire news agency. BBC Crew Attacked and Beaten Up While in Southern Russia, Investigating Reports of Russian Servicemen killed in Ukraine Voting begins in Scottish referendum Liberal professor of islamic studies in Pakistan shot dead, was accused of being an apostate and issuing fatwas allowing muslim women to marry nonmuslim men Liberian ship docking in New Orleans reports several ill passengers. CDC to respond. All on board will be hospitalized. Archbishop of Canterbury admits doubts about existence of God Islamic State forces backed by tanks capture 16 Kurdish villages in Northern Syria Venezuela on alert over mysterious, deadly disease Nigeria has 'torture officers'  Torture has become such an integral part of policing in Nigeria that many stations have an informal torture officer, Amnesty International says. Russia Free Syrian Army No Longer Exists; Rebels Are Coordinating With Terrorists European Parliament calls Russia to release the abducted Estonian citizen immediately ISIS release new video of British hostage. The black market for Ebola survivors bloodEbola has infected nearly 4,800 people. It has killed more than 2,400. And a black market for the blood of its survivors is emerging in the epicenter of the outbreak in West Africa, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). Al Qaeda Offshoot Says It Hijacked A Pakistani Navy Ship to Attack U.S. Vessels  gCaptain Maritime & Offshore News Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has malignant tumour Doctor Putin My troops could reach Warsaw in two days (as well as Riga, Vilnius, Tallinn and Bucharest) Kiev says Russia masses troops in Crimea on the border to Ukraine NSA shared Americans' private communications with Israel Snowden Hubble Discovers Supermassive Black Hole Russia opens new airport on Japanclaimed Etorofu Island off Hokkaido Scotland votes to remain in the U.K. Bodies of 8 Ebola workers (including 3 journalists) found at the bottom of a latrine in Guniea after locals attacked them. Polls close in Scotland  Results expected in hours Russia calls foul over Scottish referendum US Airstrike kills 40 Islamic State fighters A Muslim academic has opened a gayfriendly mosque in South Africa, despite receiving death threats and fierce criticism from parts of the local Muslim community 45% of Russians Believe Shadowy Group Controls Humanity After 5 years of painful austerity Ireland's economy is the fastest growing in the EU at 7.7% France Launches First Airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq China insists wealthy countries should improve emission targets if a global pact on climate change is to be reached next year. A muchanticipated UN summit will be held in Paris aiming to produce most ambitious deal yet in fight against global warming. Swedish airspace has been violated by Russian aircraft. WHO 700 new Ebola cases emerge in one week Mysterious Millionaire Will Pay $30M to Know Who Exactly Shot Down MH17  Bing News Japan claims southern ocean whaling has led to 666 peerreviewed papers, but international court says there are just 2 Iranian blogger found guilty of insulting Prophet Mohammad on Facebook sentenced to death Archaeologists unearth hidden death chambers used to kill a quartermillion Jews at notorious camp ...the discoveries didnt end with the gas chambers. Thousands of items that belonged to those murdered were also left buried in a well the Germans had plugged. Russia detains Lithuanian fishing vessel Turkey opens borders to thousands of fleeing Syrian kurds. Refugee numbers are now over 1.5 million. Iranians who YouTubed themselves dancing to Pharrell's Happy sentenced to 91 lashes Poland Wants United Nations to Limit Russias Influence Russian stocks fall as economic concern mounts British Fighter Jets Intercept Russian Planes Scotland First Minister, Alex Salmond, to resign Ebola Deaths Doubled in a Month, WHO Says Turkey stops 3,000 Kurds from escaping Islamic State militants French Warplanes Kill 75 IS Militants Near Mosul The Islamic State is upset with the French government's new name for them Ebola Patients Buying Survivors' Blood from Black Market, WHO Warns  It's said to have antibodies that can fight the deadly virus. Though the treatment is unproven. Illicit trade can lead to spread of other infections, including HIV. Russian Bombers Intercepted Near Canadian Airspace American jailed in North Korea invited arrest deliberately, state media says An American sentenced to six years hard labour in North Korea pretended to have secret US information and was deliberately arrested in a bid to become famous and meet the imprisoned US missionary Kenneth Bae Kim Dotcom's InternetMana party rejected by NZ voters, as John Key's National party is set to win an absolute majority ISIS releases 49 Turkish hostages in Iraq Goldman Sachs has admitted in court documents to having used small gifts, occasional travel and an internship to cement its ties with Libya's sovereign wealth fund under Moamer Kadhafi The Australian government will introduce tough new legislation in parliament next week to tackle terrorism in the aftermath of the biggest crackdown in the country's history. Wild boar tortured and killed during a political protest in Pakistan. Protestors inscribed the name of the current Prime Minister on the boar before beating it to death with sticks. Riots in George Square, Glasgow between Yes and No voters New Zealand 2014 Election Centerright National Party projected to have won a third term, increasing their seats in parliament from the previous election Kurds kill 18 ISIS jihadists in northern Syria. A large majority of the Catalan regional parliament has voted in favour of a law that legislators say will allow it to hold a nonbinding vote on independence from Spain in November. Turkey opens border to 45,000 Kurds fleeing Isis in Syria Belgian media several terrorism attacks prevented | Belgian authorities have reportedly foiled attacks by jihadist fighters returning home from Syria and by sympathizers of the Islamic State. Several arrests have been made, according to a Belgian newspaper German Muslims unite against 'Islamic State' Big Steakhouse Chain sues small restaurant owner, because he uses his own last name as restaurant name! Solar panels to be made mandatory for new buildings in Hyderabad Cuba to privatize 9,000 restaurants. NYT reveals threats against Turkish reporter as progov't media turn her into target Third convoy carrying Russian humanitarian aid crosses Ukrainian border Russian lawmakers want to turn Putin's birthday on Oct 7 into a national holiday Sweden protests against airspace violation by Russian planes Putin to unplug Russia from the internet Russian leader to introduce draconian measures that would see country switch off in emergencies Canadian government begins invalidating passports of citizens who have left to join extremist groups Thousands March Against War In Moscow, St. Petersburg Thousands of people have gathered to take part in antiwar demonstrations protesting Russia's role in eastern Ukraine A Mexican copper mine which spewed millions of gallons of acid into a river last month is still causing pollution and the facility's owners are blocking the work of investigators probing the accident, authorities said Fifa accused of cover up as it emerges World Cup bid report to be kept secret Investigation in alleged corruption around bids for 2018 and 2022 World Cups will never be made public says Fifa ethics chief Poland, Ukraine and Lithuania form joint military unit US will not commit to climate change aid for poor nations at UN summit. Rich countries pledged to find $100bn a year by 2020, but so far only Germany has made a significant contribution. 30,000 people in the Australian city of Melbourne rally for climate change action Photographer horrified after claims Britain First used picture  Everything she stood for, everything she fought for, for herself, her family, her daughters and future of her country, everything has been desecrated by how Jacqui Lambie and Britain First have used this photograph. Pope Francis to majority Muslim country Religion cannot be used to justify violence China Fines GlaxoSmithKline Record $485 Million for Bribing Hospitals & Doctors to Use Their Products  The pharma company admits it's at fault & will not appeal Leaked transcripts reveal Putin's secret attack in Ukraine Suspicions Run Deep in Iraq That C.I.A. and the Islamic State Are United Russia warns that the West wont be able to return to the Russian market once sanctions are over ProRussian separatists' weapons factory blows up in Eastern Ukraine IS militants are 'gangsters' who hijack Islam, Anonymous says The hacktivist group Anonymous has launched a social media campaign against Islamic State militants, telling FRANCE 24 that Operation Ice ISIS aims to protect those who are defenseless, both in the cyber world and the real world. People's Climate March thousands demand action around the world  live | Tens of thousands of people across 150 countries are taking to the streets to march for action on climate change; it has been flagged as the biggest global calltoaction on climate change in history Gay sex could be punishable by 100 lashes of the cane in Indonesia's staunchly conservative Aceh province if parliament passes a draft law that critics say violates basic human rights. Qantas flight diverted because of drunk, Scotchstealing passenger who allegedly broke through all four sets of plastic handcuffs on the flight after repeated attempts to steal whisky Ebola could infect 500,000 by end of January, according to CDC projection North Korea threatens attack if leaflets are launched from South Korea First Scotland, Now Catalonia Region Will Hold Independence Referendum on November 9 Egypts president says hes prepared to give whatever support needed to fight ISIS Putin foe Khodorkovsky 'willing to lead Russia' Report Belgium prevented terrorist attacks by jihadists returning from Syria India gets its first transgender TV news anchor Kids as young as 13 have left Germany to join ISIS Scottish Independence 70,000 Nationalists Demand Referendum be ReHeld After Vote Rigging Claims The worlds largest beaver dam, buried in the thick wildness of northern Alberta and once thought to be inaccessible, has been reached by an amateur explorer from the United States. Ebola outbreak Collapse of three African states possible Over 340 global investors who represent more than $24 trillion agree that aggressive climate action will help the global economy For some time to come, the delicate balance between freedom and security may have to shift, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott warns. Turkeys president refuses to reveal how he secured release of 49 hostages from ISIS without a single shot fired Peta's Call to Muslims to Observe Vegetarian Eid Misfires & is Met with Violent Protests Monday  We are offended by this move of PETA. This is a direct attack on our religious beliefs. PETA supporters fled the scene. ISIS audio urges Muslims everywhere to kill 'unbelievers' ISIS urges jihadists to attack Canadians ISIS Destroys Armenian Genocide Memorial Church in Der Zor NASAs Newest Mars Mission Spacecraft Enters Orbit around Red Planet Turkey closes borders, preventing Kurds from returning to defend their villages from ISIL Thousands evade Ebola lockdown in Sierra Leone. Health officials in Guinea said people were coming in waves through the bush, fearing they would be taken away if they were found to have the disease. Iraqi Army Uses Russian AntiTank Guided Missile Systems Against IS for First Time. Five armored Islamic State vehicles with gunmen were destroyed. Scotland leader says voters were 'tricked' into rejecting independence by a lastminute vow India's LowCost Mars Mission Completes Crucial Engine Firing Test, Prepares To Enter Mars Orbit In Two Days Street protests demanding urgent action on climate change have attracted hundreds of thousands of marchers in more than 2,000 locations worldwide. Islamic State fighters using women captives as 'human shields' in face of Western air strikes Belgium has been put on edge over potential Islamist terrorist attacks for the second time in four months amid reports that a man and woman who had returned from the war in Syria via Turkey were plotting an assault on the European Union's main offices in Brussels. Russia to provide up to 8 nuclear reactors to S. Africa Nationalists push for Irish unity vote after 'inspiring' Scottish referendum  Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams said Scotland's inspiring referendum on independence would accelerate a vote to unite Ireland US approves sale of advanced AGM158 cruise missiles to Poland Poland will use the enhanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defence. Poll shows Egyptians favour democracy and stoning for adultery DuckDuckNo The privacyfocused search engine is blocked in China Liberia to become 1st nation in Africa to completely stop cutting down its trees in return for development aid  Norway will pay the impoverished country $150m to stop deforestation by 2020. US Airstrikes Under Way in Syria Google will stop supporting climate change science deniers, calls them liars Netflix refuses CRTC demand to hand over subscriber data World Wide Web inventor slams Internet fast lanes Its bribery. King Abdullah of Jordan offers the US to send Jordanian ground forces to attack ISIS in Syria Germany will introduce caps on rent rises in densely populated areas in the first half of 2015, the government announced on Tuesday, in what it said was an attempt to keep homes affordable for people on average incomes. CDC scientists predict there could be a staggering 550,000 to 1.4 million ebola cases by late January. Turkey allows girls as young as 10 to cover hair at schools Turkey has lifted a ban on the Islamicstyle headscarf in schools, allowing girls from the fifth grade and up to cover their hair in a further easing of generationsold restrictions on the public expression of faith. ISIS kidnaps French tourist in Algeria and threatens to execute him within 24 hours if France intervenes in Iraq Man Bitten by Ebola Patient Flown to Switzerland France wont stop fight in Iraq despite kidnapping Russia will add 80 new warships to Black Sea Fleet fleet commander New Deep Web Service Will Leak Your Documents If You Get Killed, Jailed, Or Injured German Muslims condemn Islamic State in nationwide day of prayer Over 1/2 the World's Population Still Can't Connect to the Internet Hong Kong students take to streets in mass strike over China's refusal to grant full democracy Xi Jinping asks Chinese Army to be ready for a regional war Israel approves Intel's $6 billion investment in chip plant Coal has no future in the world's energy mix, UN warns, ahead of New York summit Putin Considers Throwing Russia Into ISIS Fight Report WHO Ebola 'contained in Senegal and Nigeria' Ukraine will get drones and sniper rifles from the USA Australia will launch airstrikes against ISIS Rhino poaching kingpin arrested in South Africa Native tribes from the U.S. and Canada signed a treaty Tuesday establishing an intertribal alliance to restore bison to areas of the Rocky Mountains and Great Plains where millions of the animals once roamed. India's Mangalyaan has now successfully entered the Mars orbit. A Nervous China Is 'Interested' In A Possible Role In The Fight Against ISIS China applauds India's Mars mission as pride of Asia Vatican arrests former archbishop on paedophilia charges Canada formalizes joint space operations with Australia, U.S. and U.K. South Australia commits to 50 percent renewable energy target by 2025 Nato has observed a significant withdrawal of Russian troops from eastern Ukraine. Woman secretly films life under Isil in Raqqa, Syria Kim Jongun missing from public view (xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews) 400 ISIL militants killed in int'l alliance attacks Chinese radicals from Xinjiang join Islamic State Europe's Muslims stand up to IS the continent's Muslims are hitting back with mass peace demonstrations and a Twitter campaign to say not in my name Brazil refuses to sign UN pledge to save the rainforests Bin Laden's soninlaw sentenced to life in U.S. prison. Elephant killings are now on an industrial scale in Mozambique People worldwide think CEOs should make a tiny fraction of what they do Journalist Michael Scott Moore Released in Somalia After Nearly Three Years as a Hostage A university professor who has become the most visible advocate of peaceful resistance by ethnic Uighurs to Chinese government policies was sentenced to life in prison 500 Chinese Fishermen Shut Down a Shipyard to Protest Pollution, Though Protesting is Illegal Rise of Islamic Schools Causes Alarm in Secular Turkey The United States informed Iran in advance of its intention to strike Islamic State militants in Syria and told Tehran that it would not target the forces of Syrian President Bashar alAssad, a senior Iranian official told Reuters. Turkish electric car travels 2,500 kilometers for only $17 Indias Mars mission set for attempt to enter orbit U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged North Korea Tuesday to close its secret prison camps You should shut this evil system down. Terror laws clear Senate, enabling entire Australian web to be monitored and whistleblowers to be jailed UAEs first female fighter pilot likely dropping bombs on ISIS militants in Syria [now confirmed] The European Space Agency's satellite array dubbed Swarm revealed that Earth's magnetic field is weakening 10 times faster than previously thought, decreasing in strength about 5 percent a decade rather than 5 percent a century. A weakening magnetic field may indicate an impending reversal. 16YearOld Irish Girls Win Google Science Fair 2014 With WorldChanging Crop Yield Breakthrough The son of the heir to the Saudi Arabian throne has personally put the royal seal of approval on the attacks against Isis, by taking part in bombing runs. Turkeys turtle beach, saved from bulldozers in the 1980s, faces new threat from developers  The 91yrold Englishwoman who famously saved the beach  a key nesting site for loggerhead turtles  25 yrs ago, launches petition to protect it from new plans for tourist development French Tourist Herve Gourdel Beheaded in Algeria by ISISlinked Militants Netherlands to send F16s to fight Islamic State in Iraq, alongside the US and France. Edward Snowden was among the winners Wednesday of a Swedish human rights award, sometimes referred to as the alternative Nobel, for his disclosures of top secret surveillance programs. Muslim Scholars Release Open Letter To Islamic State Meticulously Blasting Its Ideology ISIS plot uncovered to attack New York, Paris subways, Iraq PM says China to send 700 troops to South Sudan to assist UN mission  fighting has threatened Beijing's oil investments  Holland and Belgium join fight against ISIS, send jets India's spacecraft beams back first Mars photos Australian power company caught overcharging customers to recoup losses due to increase in residential solar. Fatah, Hamas agree to cede control of Gaza to unity government Bodies of Ebola Victims Being Thrown Into Rivers Dutch Military Personnel Told Not to Wear Uniform on Bus or Train For Fear of Radical Muslim Attacks Four Peruvian AntiLogging Activists Murdered Nigerian military allegedly kills Boko Haram Cheif and over 260 of their fighters surrender. Kim Jong Un absent from second session of 13th Supreme Peoples Assembly One of the leaders of the Armenian Church is filing a lawsuit against the Turkish Government for all the property confiscated during the Armenian Genocide Ukrainian Army picks up random civilians for prisoner exchange. Incest a 'fundamental right', German committee says Antiincest laws in Germany could be scraped after a governmentbacked group said relationships between brothers and sisters should be legal Over 1,000 arrested in unprecedented swoop Europol Anil Agarwal, the billionaire founder of Vedanta Resources, said he & his family decided to donate 75% of their wealth to charity after meeting Bill Gates, the worlds richest person What we earn must be returned for the greater good of society. Life is not only about wealth. the billionaire said Obama declares world's largest marine preserve. Measures almost 500,000 square miles, fishing, undersea mining, and other commercial activity will be banned in the protected area. No One Has Seen North Korea's Leader In Three Weeks UltraOrthodox Jews cause chaos on flight to Israel by demanding segregation of men and women ISIS Overruns Iraqi Army Base Near Baghdad, Executes 300 Soldiers China removes more than 100,000 'phantom' government officials who were paid but did no work North Korean TV acknowledges leader Kim Jong Un's health problems Russia Tells Iraq It's 'Ready' to Support Fight Against ISIS The discovery of a branched carbon molecule 27,000 lightyears from Earth suggests the building blocks of life may be ubiquitous throughout the galaxy Mars Rover finds Ball Womens Rights Activist Executed by ISIS in Iraq UN Climate Summit A 'gamechanger' for global warming? When the family that built the very first multinational oil company says it's time to get out of fossil fuels, this is an important moment, China extends Japan a helping hand to resolve North Korea abductions After the North backtracked on its promise to investigate within months the fate of Japanese abducted decades ago, an apparently impatient China said it would host a meeting next week between the two countries. Man found with 51 Turtles stuffed in his pants. Islamists Destroy 7th Century Church, Mosque in Tikrit, Iraq More than 130 members of the Boko Haram terrorist group have surrendered to Nigeria's military. Mohammed Bashir, a man who had posed as the groups leader Abubakar Shekau in numerous videos, has also been killed in clashes. More Scandinavians joining Isis The number of Europeans fighting for the Islamic State has increased dramatically in the past month with fears that Danes, Swedes and Norwegians are among them. Italy seizes assets of Putin ally and judo partner Rotenberg worth 30 million euros, including a hotel in the centre of Rome Russian draft law would allow seizure of foreign property Earliest Sign of Human Habitation in Canada May have been Found  Possible 13,800yrold fishing weir found in ocean near B.C.'s Haida Gwaii islands Hungary Suspends Gas Supplies to Ukraine Indefinitely  Ukraine has been receiving gas from Hungary, Poland & Slovakia since Russia cut off supplies to Ukraine in June in a dispute over unpaid bills Incest Is 'Taboout Shouldn't Be Illegal, German Experts Say Canadian teacher suspended for slapping 'I'm gay' sticker on student Sierra Leone quarantines 2 million to fight Ebola Argentina uses drones to root out wealthy tax evaders  Drones deployed by tax inspectors near Buenos Aires found 200 mansions and 100 swimming pools that hadn't been declared Hong Kong students storm government HQ to demand full democracy Hong Kong's 17YearOld 'Extremist' Student Leader Arrested During Massive Democracy Protest The Belgian city of Bruges has approved plans to build a pipeline which will funnel beer underneath its famous cobbled streets. By 2025 Munich, Germany hopes to be running on 100% clean power Catalonia Defies Spain by Calling Secession Vote Fracking trespass law changes move forward despite huge public opposition | Ministers reject 40,000 objections to allow fracking below homes without owners permission Row as Snowden wins Swedish rights prize | Sweden's foreign ministry has banned civil rights group from its premises after news leaked that this year's winner of the Swedish Right Livelihood Award would be Snowden; SVT reported that it was MFA Carl Bildt who had reacted strongly to the news Volcano Erupts In Japan, Injuries Reported Airstrikes kill 50 ISIL terrorists in Iraq Japans cabinet rocked by new claims of links to neoNazis who target the ethnic Korean population Boko Haram leader is dead, Nigerian military says Cuba to send hundreds of physicians to fight Ebola crisis. Number of countries fighting ISIS now tops 50. Richard Branson Virgin staff can have as much vacation as they want Lavrov Russia has decided to join the fight against ISIS Islamists attack students protesting ISIL at Istanbul University Montreal cops wrote less tickets this summer, union should pay difference, says mayor. 'Fifty dead' in Xinjiang violence in what police called a serious terrorist attack The Seaton Down Hoard Amateur metal detector uncovers 22,000 Roman coins | They range from late AD 260 to almost AD 350. Mr Horner said the coins bore a range of portraits, describing it as a family tree of the House of Constantine. Poland sells military drones to Ukraine Iran's President calls airstrikes on ISIS 'theater,' says broader campaign needed Apparent success against Ebola with HIV drug in Liberia Pentagon concerned over Russian bomber drills near US Islamists attacked students protesting ISIL at Istanbul University Hong Kong Student Democracy Strike Ends in Chaos Police fire tear gas as Occupy Central spreads and ranks of protesters swell Elderly Couple to Die Together by Assisted Suicide in First 'Couple' Euthanasia Inventor of World Wide Web warns of threat to internet North Korea proposes one country, two systems reunification Islamic State recruitment soaring in wake of U.S. bombing Hong Kong police barricade streets, block in protesters Hong Kong's 'Occupy Central' mass sitin has been bought forward to today as thousands of students surround Gov't HQ. North Korea tells UN it's ready to discuss human rights A major new declaration calling for a global price on carbon  signed by 74 countries and more than 1,000 businesses and investors  is missing a key signatory the United States Brazil releases 'good' mosquitoes to fight dengue fever. The hope is they will multiply, breed and become the majority of mosquitoes, thus reducing cases of the disease. Ebola death toll surpasses 3000. Hong Kong protesters break into government headquarters Foreign doctors visit N. Korea to treat its leader; experts speculate he may be suffering from high blood fat levels or diabetes The amazing (and bizarre) homemade Kurdish armor fighting ISIS in Syria Sharia Law Is Threatening LGBT Rights Across MuslimMajority Southeast Asia Harsh interpretations of Quranic law are being used to justify violence against transgender people in particular, activists say. Egypt sentences six men convicted of homosexuality to 2 years in jail At UN, Cuba slams the US for unilateral sanctions  fivedecade US embargo on Havana Liberias chief medical officer puts herself in quarantine after assistant dies of Ebola Iran threatens to attack ISIS deep inside Iraq Muslim Brotherhood condemns Jordon for joining US coalition on ISIL California protesters block Israeliowned ship Kenyan breaks world record at Berlin marathon | Kenyan runner Dennis Kimetto has broken the world record at this year's Berlin marathon. At a course known for producing fast times, he ran 26.2 miles a full 26 seconds faster than ever before We are also pleased your province never separated from Canada' German President aggravates Quebec separatists Arab Twitter users dislike Iran even more than they dislike the US Boko Haram leader continues to threaten Nigeria after being killed repeatedly Vatican Paedophilia Scandal Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski Stored Over 100,000 Child Porn Videos Makers of animals torture videos Crush Sentenced to Life Imprisonment Obama 'They Don't Call Moscow' When There's Trouble In The World Woman saves three relatives from Ebola. Her protection method is being taught to others in West Africa. Hong Kong citizens step up democracy protests as riot police withdrawn | Roads blocked, banks and schools closed, as thousands join unprecedented demonstrations disrupting daily life China Warns UK Don't 'Interfere' Over Hong Kong Saudi Pilot Arrested for Refusing to Bomb ISIS in Syria Instagram has reportedly been blocked in mainland China as protests in Hong Kong intensify Dutch seize passports of 49 suspected jihadists Climate change is no longer viewed by mainstream scientists as a future threat to our planet and our species. It is a palpable phenomenon that already affects the world, they insist. And a brief look round the globe certainly provides no lack of evidence to support this gloomy assertion Ukrainians in Kharkiv topple their square's statue of Lenin to cheers and antiRussian chants. Philippines reaks world treeplanting record' Hong Kong's democracy protests turn violent; 26 hurt India PM Narendra Modi wows 20,000 people at Madison Square Garden with a promise to transform India and declares removal of archaic laws and announces new visa laws. Slated to meet CEOs of Fortune 500 companies in the coming days Beijing Blocks Reports on Hong Kong Democracy Movement Solar energy a sunflower solution to electricity shortage and desalination. IBM says it will install its first two devices for free in 2016 and has asked towns around the world to put their names forward to be the first to have a solar sunflower erected on their land. Qatari Donates $2 Million for ISIS Suicide Bomber Program... Schools and banks closed as Hong Kong paralysed by protest Sepp Blatter tried to silence Fifa executive committee members who demanded release of 2022 World Cup corruption report Thai university hospital claims to have developed an Ebola vaccine 17 year old Hong Kong Democracy leader faces battle against Chinese government Mainland China is a tinderbox that's been physically suppressed by the authorities, and Hong Kong is a seed of fire...maybe the Chinese government will one day send troops onto the streets, or even tanks. Iran set to execute Rayhaneh Jabbari, woman charged in killing attempted rapist Ruble Sinks to Historic Low Against Currency Basket Spain government asks court to declare Catalonia vote illegal Statue of Lenin pulled down in Ukraine's Kharkiv Iraq Kurds attack ISIS jihadists, retake villages Extremists will have to get posts on Facebook and Twitter approved in advance by the police under sweeping rules planned by the UK Conservatives. They will also be barred from speaking at public events if they represent a threat to the functioning of democracy Earth lost 50% of its wildlife in the past 40 years, says WWF | Species across land, rivers and seas decimated as humans kill for food in unsustainable numbers and destroy habitats Sister of slain scientist says Iran killed him because he would not agree to help weaponize peaceful nuclear activities. MH370 search reveals vast underwater world with huge volcanoes and ridges deeper than the Grand Canyon ISIS has reportedly surrounded the Turkish territory in Syria the Tomb of Suleyman Shah. 36 Turkish soldiers are reportedly located at the tomb where they defend the territory. Global Survey We're Eating Better, But Our Diet is Unsustainable  More people eating local & organic foods, but it's not enough. India, ranking 1st in food sustainability, came out far ahead, thanks to its cultural eating habits. Nearly 1 in 4 Indians is a vegetarian. World's fourth largest sea dried up completely NASA Indian Prime Minister ends Central Park speech with I salute you may the Force be with you. Apple faces billions in fines in tax avoidance probe Hong Kong Protesters Connect Without Cell or WiFi Networks ProDemocracy Protesters Are Downloading a FastGrowing App Called FireChat to Stay in Touch Facebook Will Sell Users' Data to Serve Ads on Sites Across the Web Indian Spacecraft Snaps Spectacular Portrait of Mars (Photo) Russian TV presents pictures from MH17 as mass graves of civilians killed by retreating Ukrainian troops Isis an hour away from Baghdad  with no sign of Iraq army being able to make a successful counterattack  and US air strikes are making little difference A former psychologist has been executed for heresy in Iran after eight years in detention, human rights groups said, in the latest example of what activists say is a worrying rise in the use of death penalty by the Islamic Republic. Afghanistan signs pact to keep U.S. troops in the country beyond 2014, secure billions more in aid Drug use will spread if religion classes are not required, says Turkish President Erdoan Canada Demands Google, Netflix Data, Sets Deadline  Broadcast regulator on Monday gave American companies Google & Netflix 3day deadline to turn over subscriber data or have their testimony expunged from a major public hearing. Canadian Minister of Citizenship and Immigration, Chris Alexander, has asked Pakistan to stop supporting insurgency, stating that there were no doubts of Pakistan being a terrorist safehaven. Hong Kong's mass protest is networked. Activists are relying on a free app that can send messages without any cellphone connection. Iran executes man for heresy Brazil's Silent Abortion Dilemma  The risks faced by Brazilian women seeking an abortion has been highlighted by the brutal death of a 27yearold woman. It's only legal under the most exceptional circumstances in Brazil  a traditionally Catholic country. Yet 1 in 5 have an abortion by age 40. Mining firm Vale sets up beehives housing 350,000 on a remediation site in Copper Cliff, Ontario, in order to promote pollination and accelerate the revegetation process. They have also pledged to plant 3.3 million trees around the Sudbury area. Hong Kong Fake Occupy Central app targets activists smartphones with spyware  Suspicious behaviour by the application included recording audio and obtaining the location of the device. It's a malware with spy behaviour An estimated 35,000 pacific walrus have been spotted ashore on a beach in northwest Alaska. Unlike seals, the mammals cannot swim indefinitely and are now coming ashore in record numbers as they struggle to find sea ice for resting in the Artic. Reuters Australia passes new security law vastly expanding the government's power to monitor computers; journalists could be imprisoned for up to ten years simply for reporting on national security matters. Kim Jongun is recovering from 'ankle surgery' after fracturing both ankles Hong Kong Police Chief Inspector Committed Suicide Under a new Russian law, Google, Facebook and Twitter must register as organizers of information distribution, and store all data on Russian users in data centers on Russian soil Hong Kong prodemocracy protests spread  live updates | Thousands defy call to leave streets on Chinas national holiday as protests spread to new front Essen (City in western Germany) will start a controversial project today to employ alcohol and drug addicts to clean the streets in return for beer, tobacco, food and small amounts of cash. Indian Female Boxer Sarita Devi Refuses to Wear Asian Games Bronze, Weeps on Podium after the controversial decision Germany will bulldoze a 500 year old village to mine fossil fuels, attempting bridge the energy gap created by planned nuclear shutdown. Chinese Hackers Are Targeting ProDemocracy Protestors In Hong Kong Through Their iPhones Grindr urges LGBT community to hide their identities as Egypt persecutes nation's gay community Air Canada to come down hard on cockpit porn Deadly shelling hit playground in east Ukraine on first day of school Scores of students still missing after ambush by Mexican police and gunmen. The search continued on Tuesday for dozens of students missing since municipal police and unidentified gunmen opened fire on a convoy of buses in the southern Mexican city of Iguala over three days before. The 10,000 pigeons released in a ceremony for China's National Day underwent unusual scrutiny, with each having its feathers and anus checked for dangerous materials, staterun media reports say. LIVE  India can emerge as a major world power, says US President Barack Obama Cecilia Malmstrm, recently proposed as EU's Commissioner for Trade, and the one who will lead TTIP negotiations with US, has been helping US lobbying against the EU data protection/privacy law Britons spend more on drugs and prostitutes than beer and wine White House exempts Syria airstrikes from tight standards on civilian deaths World's first microbe 'zoo' opens in Amsterdam Erdogan Turkey will fight ISIS, wants Assad gone | News , Middle East Mexican Police Recover Burned Remains of Kidnapped Congressman India not to join coalition against ISIS First case of MERS virus confirmed in Austria Belgium launches its biggest Islamist extremist trial Belgian prosecutors accused 46 members of Islamist group Sharia4Belgium on Monday of belonging to a terrorist organization and brainwashing young men in Belgium into fighting a holy war in Syria. Germany Just Abolished College Tuition Fees | ThinkProgress Hong Kong leader's daughter creates controversy with Facebook post saying that her diamond necklace was bought on silly tax payer's money. The World Summit of Nobel Peace laureates, due to be held in Cape Town, South Africa, later this month, has been cancelled. Six of the peaceprize winners have already withdrawn from the event in protest at the South African refusal to grant a visa to Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama. India, U.S. Agree to Joint Exploration of Mars Islamic State militants in Iraq have carried out mass executions, abducted women and girls as sex slaves, and used children as fighters, in systematic violations that may amount to war crimes, the United Nations said on Thursday. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's adviser believes that Australian meteorology scientists are involved in temperature manipulation. He calls for a governmentfunded inquiry into climate change. Enough Ice Has Melted in Antarctica to Alter the Earths Gravity The sharp rise in income inequality across the world is one of the most worrying developments of the past 200 years, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), said on Thursday Russia halts student exchange program with US Asian Games Controversy taints home team victories as India, Thailand, Iran and Japan complain against South Korea UK legalises music and film ripping Beijing Warns of Chaos if Hong Kong Protests Persist 30 children killed in Syria school bombing  Two car bombs exploded in the central Syrian city of Homs in a neighbourhood dominated by minority Alawites Mexico captures top drug lord Beltran Leyva Muslim sheep slaughter to be banned in Moscow during Eid alAdha feast Hong Kong Protests Mainland Chinese media has blamed foreigners for Occupy Central protests as the city's massive protest movement for universal suffrage entered its fourth day yesterday. Nude selfie celebs were 'dum, EU commissioner says Ebola outbreak 'Five infected every hour' in Sierra Leone US OKs $1.75 billion arms sale to Saudi 94 to 9, Denmark votes yes to join the AntiIs coalition, seven F16 fighter jets took off for Iraq from the Karup Air Base and 160 advisers will be sent in Kuwait to train Iraqi and Kurds ground forces Egyptian authorities on Wednesday confiscated all the copies of one of the countrys largest private newspapers in order to censor an article, just days after President Abdel Fattah elSisi vowed in an American television interview that there was no limitation on freedom of expression in Egypt. Sudanese Women Mad Over Oppression, Food Costs  Their anger mounts as they bear brunt of increasing Islamisation. The govt is interested in controlling everything related to women Women are sent for trial on a daily basis, ranging from the dress they put on to the time they go to work. World Bank bonuses raise eyebrows amid austerity drive Burqa wearers banned from Australian parliament's open public galleries Argentinian opposition politicians have accused the countrys president of being completely out of touch with reality after she gave a rambling televised address in which she claimed the US may be behind a plot to overthrow her government and possibly even assassinate her.