 Chancellor Angela Merkel would rather see the UK exit from the European Union than compromise over the principle of free movement of workers Europe has 421 million fewer birds than 30 years ago  Study finds about 90% of a decline in the most common bird species, including grey partridges, skylarks, sparrows & starlings A town in Portugal makes Mandarin Chinese compulsory for 8 and 9year old school children for future competition in the thriving Chinese market. Portugal Sees Chinese Do 90% of Bids at Property Auction Monument To Apple's Jobs Removed In Russia After CEO Comes Out Dr. Godfrey George, medical superintendent of Kambia Government Hospital in northern Sierra Leone, has died from Ebola Muslims in Canada mark holy day with antiterror march Canadian warplanes drop first bombs against Islamic State in Iraq Suicide blast kills 52 near India  Pakistan Border (Wagah Border) Singapore joins coalition against ISIS. South Australia completes largest wind farm to date generates 1,350 GWh and offsets nearly 1 million tonnes of carbon annually ISIS destroying Iraq's cultural heritage UNESCO chief Argentina bans Procter & Gamble 106 retired Israeli generals, spy chiefs urge Netanyahu to push for peace  Diplomacy and DefenseIsrael News Police are using loopholes in UK surveillance laws to gain access to peoples voicemails, texts and emails, according to an investigation by The Times Haaretz Refuses to Back Down in Storm Over Cartoon Depicting Netanyahu as 9/11 Hijacker Virgin Galactic will continue work on 2nd rocket plane despite crash India to develop an API for entire government Eleven arrested in eastern China for allegedly stealing women's corpses for use in ghost marriages France finally upgrades animals from 'furniture' status ISIS leader AbuBakr alBaghdadi orders bodies of all Kurdish fighters to be burned Russian supply underpins global oil glut Politicians and industry rise up against 'unjustified' metadata bill After rapidly intensifying, Super Typhoon Nuri may be planet's strongest storm of 2014 Public opposition has cost tar sands industry $17bn, says report New Zealand MP demoted after suggesting homeopathy use in Ebola fight France Just Fired The Guy In Charge Of Selling Warships To Russia The last Pirate Bay founder has finally been caught and arrested Coal is the future, insists Australian PM Tony Abbott as UN calls for action on climate change Brazil Building Internet Cable to Portugal to Avoid NSA Surveillance Top politicians wore feminist Tshirts made by women making less than $1 an hour Police arrest fugitive mayor of Mexican town where 43 students went missing in September, media reports say. Canadian dollar sinks below 88 cents as Saudis cut oil to $77 The leader of the World Health Organization criticized the drug industry on Monday, saying that the drive for profit was one reason no vaccine had yet been found for Ebola. South Korean automakers Hyundai & Kia will pay largest fine in US Clean Air Act history because nearly 1.2 million vehicles sold will emit 4.75 million metric tons more greenhouse gases than companies certified to the Environmental Protection Agency. Men find King Thutmosis III's 3,400yrold temple under their house in Cairo  Finds include 7 tablets, pink granite column bases & pink granite statue. Nasrallah You will be forced to close your ports; our missiles will reach every inch of Israel Privacy not an absolute right, says GCHQ director China unveils dronefighting laser cannons Russia has failed to show up at meeting planning the 2016 Nuclear Security Summit, U.S and European officials said Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter superior Indian Army Pentagon US expresses 'unequivocal' opposition to new east Jerusalem housing plans ISIL reaches Egypt as most powerful militant group in the country pledges allegiance to the Islamic State Petrodollars leave world markets for first time in 18 years Hezbollah 'Fully Ready' for Israel Fight in Southern Lebanon Despite Syrian War. Israel to reopen Gaza border crossings this morning  Egyptian crossings remain closed Brent crude tumbles as Saudi escalates Opec oil price war  Saudi Arabia slashes oil contract price to US, sending crude traded in London sharply lower Venezuela, with world's largest reserves, imports oil for the first time In Russia, an attempt to build its own Silicon Valley on the Moskva River Gunmen killed a Mexican general sent by the government to tame violence in a northern state plagued by drug cartel crimes along the US border Guam Legalizes Medical Marijuana! 66.42% of voters choose Yes to Proposal 14A. Mass Rape of 200 in North Darfur Canadian hospital, sick of US test monopoly, sues to stop gene patents Libyan Troops Go Wild in England, raping one man and assaulting strangers in Cambridge Tony Abbott was booed as he arrives at the Great Australian PM Gough Whitlam memorial service More than 40% of China's arable land has degraded, making it difficult to feed the world's largest population Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwos surviving pilot managed to parachute from 50,000 feet without an oxygen mask University students in Mexico are holding a 72hour nationwide strike in support of the 43 trainee teachers who disappeared in Guerrero on Sept. 26th A Christian University in Korea Declares 'No Job for Homosexuals.' Sir Richard Branson My family and I will be the first to fly into space Driver plows into Jerusalem crowd in suspected terror attack Lion falls in to 60footdeep well in India, gets rescued by local authorities Islamic State uses women to lure European Muslims with promise of utopia report Foetal Damage Caused by Alcohol Equivalent to Attempted Manslaughter  Lawyers say mothers heavy drinking while pregnant constitutes crime of poisoning A German rapperturnedjihadist has been identified in a video made by the Islamic State.  he is seen holding a severed head and explaining in German that the victims had fought against IS and that's why they received the death penalty. Canada's ISIS bomb attack destroyed heavy engineering equipment that was being used to divert the Euphrates River Kerry U.S., China should set example by agreeing on climate goals  The United States and China, the world's largest carbon emitters, have an opportunity to agree on ambitious targets to reduce climatewarming gas emissions and set the stage for a global deal Ireland set to become fastestgrowing EU economy Immigration from outside Europe 'cost 120 billion' Pollution halves India's potential grain yield Study. Up to 90% of the decrease in potential food production seems to be linked to smog, a mix of black carbon and other pollutants, the study said. Bank of Canada to Canadian youth Work for free ISIS Militant Who Pledged to Chop Off The Heads Of The Americans Killed In Syria Arab Israeli Citizen Joins ISIS, Jailed For 22 Months For 'Threat To Israel's Security' Upon Return Ruble tumbles as Russia limits currency controls Israeli minister If Hezbollah fires rockets at Israel, Lebanon will be razed Pepsi, IKEA, FedEx and 340 other international companies have secured secret deals from Luxembourg, allowing many of them to slash their global tax bills while maintaining little presence in the tiny European duchy, leaked documents show. Companies saved billions of dollars in taxes. A Japanese court ordered a restaurant to pay more than half a million dollars damages to the family of a man who killed himself after being forced to work nearly 200 hours overtime a month. Japan beats Scotland to win worlds best whiskey title Secret file may be opened, revealing identity of paedophiles at the heart of the British establishment Scotland Produced Enough Wind Energy In October To Power Every Home. Wind turbines generated enough electricity in October to power 3,045,000 homes in the U.K.  more than enough for all the homes in Scotland. Chinese Presidents delegation buys large amounts of illegal ivory during Africa visit Chinese demand for ivory is devastating Tanzania's elephant population | Chinese criminal gangs are causing Tanzania to lose more elephants to poaching than any other African country, says a report by the Environmental Investigation Agency Hungary intercepts Dutch girl, 16, on way to join ISIS Ukraine Prepares for War  Ukrainian forces and proRussian separatists have been mobilizing troops and weapons for another round of vicious fighting as the ceasefire fails Norway says terror attack 'likely' as result of joining U.S.led alliance Canada Conservatives propose increasing legal marriage age to 16, say it will keep barbaric cultural practices out of Canada AntiPutin activist found dead in Moscow home Putin says there was nothing wrong with Soviet Union's pact with Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany The International Criminal Court (ICC) is expected to officially declare that Israel is guilty of war crimes on Thursday for the attack on a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza in 2010, Nasa image reveals surface of Saturn's Titan moon Student jailed for insulting King on facebook. FrenchBuilt Mistral Ships For Russia Could End Up In Canadian Hands Britain's big banks could be broken up after the country's competition watchdog launched a fullblown investigation into services for small business customers and personal accounts because of a lack of competition. 9,300YearOld Bison Mummy Found in Siberia Thousands take part in London 'Guy Fawkes' protest ICC Says It Won't Investigate Israeli Raid of Gaza Aid Flotilla Poland Prepares For Russian 'Confrontation' In New Defense Strategy Three Israeli soldiers wounded in suspected West Bank terror attack, hours after an attack in Jerusalem President Vladimir Putin has urged Russian historians to combat what he called attempts to rewrite history based on geopolitical interests by providing their own interpretation of past events. Bill Gates Warns The World Is Not Prepared For Epidemics 32 Tanks Enter Ukraine From Russia Irish Teacher turned down for a job in South Korea due to Alcoholism nature of Irish people. Latvia's foreign minister just came out on Twitter I proudly announce I'm gay North Koreans working as statesponsored slaves in Qatar Pickup artist Julien Blanc forced out of Australia after Immigration Minister cancels visa This guy wasn't pushing forward political ideas, he was putting a view that was derogatory to women and that's just something that our values abhor in this country Era of cheap fish is over, says expert, as industry forced to tackle slavery and overfishing The highestranking U.S. military officer said on Thursday that Israel went to extraordinary lengths to limit civilian casualties in the recent war in Gaza and that the Pentagon had sent a team to see what lessons could be learned from the operation. The birthplace of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria has been identified as Camp Bucca, a detention centre run by the United States during the Iraq war Shelling of high school soccer field kills two boys in Donetsk, Urkaine US dollar, euro surge to new record highs vs Russian ruble Brussels burns as more than 100,000 protesters clash with police during march against EU austerity measures DNA evidence proves that early humans survived the last Ice Age Ebola out of control in Guinea  The number of unreported cases is likely to be 10 times higher than the number recorded by the WHO. NASA Tests Revolutionary Shape Changing Aircraft Flap for the First Time Obama wants $3.2 billion more for US air war on Islamic State An ozonedestroying chemical long thought to be on the decline in Earths upper atmosphere is making an unexpected comeback, an international team of scientists has found. Three Malaysian transgender women have won an appeal against a religious law banning Muslim men from wearing women's clothing. India invites Israel to invest in strategic sectors Pakistani lasphemer' killed by policeman Axewielding officer kills Shia man in police custody, claiming he insulted the Prophet Muhammad. Israel to destroy homes of Palestinian Jerusalem car attackers Uruguay president, Mujica, willing to trade his VW beetle for ambulances to an Arab sheik. Elephant Ivory Price Spiked as China VIPs Snapped Up Thousands of Kilos  Beijing dismisses scathing EIA report on wildlife trade which claims ivory haul of Xi Jinping delegates in Tanzania doubled price on illegal market Gaza rocket misses Israel, as 'ISbackedlasts rock Strip Wannabe jihadists are taking cruises to avoid security checks while travelling to Syria and Iraq A Christian bakery firm in Ireland which refused to make a cake supporting gay marriage with a picture of the Sesame Street characters Bert and Ernie has been warned it will be taken to court unless it apologizes and pays immediate compensation. Germany and Brazil have made alterations to a United Nations draft resolution on the issue of state surveillance, with the two countries calling for protection against government spying on communications and personal data Saudi women over 30 could drive until 8 p.m. but without makeup, council proposes Pakistani Christians Burned Alive Were Attacked by 1,200 People Bibi, a mother of four who was four months pregnant, was wearing an outfit that initially didn't burn. The mob removed her from over the kiln and wrapped her up in cotton to make sure the garments would be set alight. Canadian pot activists celebrate U.S. votes to legalize marijuana Istanbul's bid to become Green Capital of Europe 'is a joke' | City is cutting down forests and bulldozing green spaces in the name of development, say activists Official Men confess to killing Mexican students North Korea releases Kenneth Bae, Todd Miller. Britain and France to blame for Adolf Hitlers march into Europe, Putin tells young historians US not confirming Russian incursion in Ukraine UK Intel agencies spied on lawyers, clients in torture cases | GCHQ and MI5 staff 'rigged the game' in torture cases against government by intercepting legally privileged information. Bering Sea Superstorm Hurricane Force Wind Warnings Issued Around Alaska's Aleutian Islands Models project this system may become one of the lowest sealevel barometric pressures ever observed on Earth outside of tropical cyclones and tornadoes Ground water depletion driving global conflicts  NASA scientist. In 90 percent of the world where there are violent conflicts, there are water scarcity issues, he said. Water scarcity has been one component driving Syria's civil war, he said. Japan to restart nuclear reactors 4 years after Fukushima disaster Puxton Park Single adults are banned  in case they are a paedophile China will complete and put into service the world's longest quantum communication network stretching 2,000km from Beijing to Shanghai by 2016, say scientists leading the project | The quantum network is considered unhackable and will provide the most secure encryption technology to users. Mikhail Gorbachev warns of new cold war over Ukraine at an event marking the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin wall French MPs call for vote on recognition of Palestine New laws could hand miners 10% of Brazils national parks and indigenous lands The European Union's new foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini Saturday appealed for the establishment of a Palestinian state, saying the world cannot afford another war in Gaza. British police foil plot to kill Queen of England Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, & Latvia Reject IPCC Target of Zero Emissions by 2100 to Curb Global Warming  I find this a disgrace, Dutch Green MEP says. After IPCC report, everyone again said it was shocking, we shouldn't delay action. Then... they step back from that. Russia's top diplomat Sergei Lavrov said Saturday that US involvement in resolving the conflict in Ukraine would be a step in the right direction, after meeting with his US counterpart John Kerry in Beijing. Ruble Rout Accelerates as Russia's Central Bank Stands Aside; The declines mean the ruble has fallen over 40 percent against the greenback since the start of the year. Canadian cops use of facial recognition technology expands north of the border. Calgary Police becomes first city in Canada to adopt surveillance technology. Canada, China sign currency hub deal to boost trade. Transactions would be done using yuan, trimming current exchange costs ISIS leader critically wounded reports '20th hijacker' Zacarias Moussaoui wants to testify in Oklahoma City federal court; says Saudi Prince aided his Jihad activities. Pope Francis on Saturday demoted Cardinal Raymond Burke, an outspoken conservative American cardinal who has been highly critical of the pontiff's reformist leadership of the Roman Catholic Church. Protests flare in Mexico after attorney general's 'enough, I'm tired' remarks | Ya me canse becomes a rallying call for anger over the governments handling of the apparent killing of 43 students Elon Musk and Google want to develop satellites for global internet access. Four Islamic terrorists planned to kill the Queen of England this weekend  but British police foiled the assassination plot Catalonia holds disputed vote on independence from Spain today Protesters try to break into Mexico City's National Palace over apparent massacre of 43 Mexico Captures Fugitive Mayor, Wife Accused Of Ordering Students' Disappearance Instead of building new mechanisms and institutions of European security and pursuing a major demilitarization of European politics, the West, and particularly the United States, declared victory in the Cold War, Gorbachev warns, a blister has now turned into a bloody, festering wound. Israel says its ready and willing to share with India its technology for border protection Study Chinas reliance on coal costs over 600,000 lives in 1 year Israel reportedly plans to take 3000 acres near Jerusalem Somali scholar publishes book questioning the death penalty for apostasy, receives death threats China's Corruption Crackdown Pummels Macau Casinos the city of 600,000 racked up more than $22 billion in UnionPay transactions last year due to the illegal flow of money coming out of Mainland China Shelling has resumed in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, just hours after an intense artillery bombardment throughout the night | An eyewitness said the overnight shelling was the worst in more than a month, lasting almost eight hours. Europe set to make Space History with Comet Landing Beijing $40 billion offer to revive the historic Silk Road, starts CentralAsia geostrategic competition Israel to recognize Aramaics as separate ethnic group India successfully testfires nuclearcapable AgniII missile Putin, Xi Jinping sign second mega gas deal on new gas supply route Supreme leader of Iran Ayatollah Khamenei The Only Cure for Israel is its Annihilation Prominent jihadis in Gaza distributed a list on Friday containing personal details of six Israeli lawmakers and urged all Muslims and Palestinians to ram them. Saudi Arabia says the story released through Associated Press about a new law allowing women over 30 to drive is a fabrication. Australia told it should aim for 40% cut in greenhouse gases by 2025. Europe has already indicated a 2030 target of at least 40% below 1990 levels. China and the US have promised to unveil their pledges early next year. Pope Francis has excommunicated a pedophile Argentine priest, who admitted to sexually abusing four teenagers 'Too big to failank rules unveiled  New global rules to prevent banks that are too big to fail from being bailed out by taxpayers have been proposed. Kasparov Stop Putin now or pay the price later One of the VIPs who sexually abused boys at an apartment complex near Parliament has been identified as a former deputy director of MI6 Five nuclear engineers murdered near Damascus A Saudi oil firm paid former British prime minister Tony Blair a fee of about 41,000 a month and a 2 percent slice of each contract he helped arrange. Blast at Nigerian school assembly At least 47 students have been killed by a suicide bomber at a school assembly in the northeast Nigerian town of Potiskum, police have said. Britain will not remain in Europe 'come what may', David Cameron says Turkish army bans Game of Thrones, requires officers take course on Islam Space Station Crew Returns to Earth, Lands Safely in Kazakhstan Tape of Ronald Reagan apologising to Margaret Thatcher for Grenada invasion comes to light after FOI request Mexico's president left on a sixday trip to China and Australia amid angry protests over the suspected massacre of 43 college students by a gang allied with corrupt police. Virus That 'Makes Humans More Stupid' Discovered Israel gives Palestinians Ebola screening equipment $400 Billion Russian/Chinese Gas Deal secured  When the new supply deal begins, China will surpass Germany to become Russias biggest natural gas customer. Three Swedish Isis fighters killed in Syria Catalonia vote 80% back independence, say organisers  BBC News Man stabbed in Tel Aviv in suspected terror attack Australia 'giving up' on renewables | Investment into renewable energy projects in Australia has dropped by 70% in the last year, according to a new report by a climate change body. Assisted dying will be made legal in UK within two years Six out of 10 Indian men admit violence against wives  UN study Australia challenges unpaid internships Libyan city becomes the first outside of Iraq, Syria to join Islamic State group's 'caliphate' Syria soon to have S300 SurfaceToAir Missile System from Russia, saying it does not trust the US especially after the Republicans took the majority of votes in the recently concluded U.S. midterm elections. Report Islamic State spokesman confirms leader Baghdadi injured in US airstrike Geologists who didn't predict an earthquake aren't killers, Italian court rulesseven scientists are free after appeals court overturns manslaughter conviction Don't forget  The Rosetta Mission. First ever Comet landing starting 0900 GMT 12 November Barack Obamas support for net neutrality sets precedent for the rest of the world Iran stripped of world championship volleyball tournament after jailing female spectator Preach moderate Islam  or else To counter rise of Islamic State, Jordan imposes rules on Muslim clerics Germany can deny benefits to jobless EU migrants, court rules Norway deports record number of immigrants Rich countries subsidising oil, gas and coal companies by $88bn a year. About four times as much money was spent on fossil fuel exploration as on renewable energy development. CNN International withdraws from Russia After travelling 6.5 billion kilometers in space, Rosetta mission aims to land probe on comet Protesters angry at the alleged massacre of 43 Mexican students clashed with police and besieged Acapulco's airport for hours Monday over a scandal shaking President Enrique Pena Nieto's administration. Iran signs deal with Russia for 2 new nuclear reactors Moscow shrouded in noxious gas U.S. says Iran has ceased controversial nuclear practice Iraqi soldiers battling the Islamic State recaptured the heart of the town of Baiji, home to the country's largest oil refinery, state television and a military official said Tuesday. NATO and Russia have faced each other in 3 high risk incidents that carry a high probability of direct military confrontation. There have been nearly 40 total Cold Warlike incidents since March that include close Russian flights over NATO ships and simulated Russian bombing runs. PA president Abbas on Tuesday accused Israel of contaminating the Temple Mount, and said that allowing Jewish prayer at the site would result in a religious war Dark net raids were 'overblowny police, says Tor Project The European Court of Justice has ruled that unemployed EU citizens who go to another member state to claim benefits may be barred from some benefits. Catalan leader to step up independence push as 80% vote to split from Spain Kissinger Putin Is Not Stalin CanadianIsraeli woman joins Kurds fighting Islamic State Barclays, HSBC Sued by U.S. Soldiers Over Attacks in Iraq Israel gives Ebola detection equipment to PA and Hamas  Despite a string of Palestinian terror attacks on Israelis in recent days, which have resulted in dozens of injuries and two deaths, the Israeli government on Sunday transferred Ebola screening equipment to the Palestinian Authority and Hamas. One dead, three wounded in Palestinian stabbing attacks Israeli police Russian combat troops have entered Ukraine along with tanks, artillery and air defence systems, Nato commander says Study Brazilian cops killed more than 11,000 people in 5 years Mormon leaders have acknowledged for the first time that the churchs founder and prophet, Joseph Smith, took as many as 40 wives, some already married and one only 14 years old. Nestle under fire in Mexico after tweeted joke about 43 missing students Tony Abbott has confronted Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the APEC leaders' summit in Beijing, holding him complicit in the downing of flight MH17 and calling for Russia to apologise and consider restitution. US and China reach historic climate change deal, vow to cut emissions Four Russian warships bearing down on Australia Rotherham child sex abuse Police 'ripped up files' India 11 women die, 62 more hospitalized after being paid to be sterilized As the Rosetta orbiter nears the comet ChuryumovGerasimenko 67P and prepares to fire the Philae lander at its surface, scientists from the European Space Agency (ESA) have been puzzled by an unexpected phenomenon the comet is singing. Azerbaijan shoots down Armenian helicopter in Karabakh India's First Manned Space Mission in 2021 ISRO Chairman Video Appears To Show A Brave Syrian Boy Running Through Sniper Fire To Save A Little Girl Israeli officer arrested in Connection with killing of 2 Palestinian teenagers. French lawmakers to vote November 28 on recognizing Palestine Global watchdogs fine five major banks $3.4billion in forex scandal The last of the 888,246 ceramic poppies was planted today at the Tower of London on the 100th anniversary of WWI Former CIA detainees claim US torture investigators never interviewed them Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday accused Ukraines government of interfering with the investigation into the downing of a Malaysia Airlines jet in July that killed 298 people. Moderate Syrian rebels defecting to ISIS, blaming lack of U.S. support and weapons Rudaw, the largest Kurdish media network, has been blocked from Facebook after placing a picture of the house of jailed PKK/YPGleader Abdullah Ocalan. Facebook has not responded to this violation of press freedom. Turkish PM Nothing will prevent us from protecting Jerusalem The bill for closing down and cleaning up the worlds ageing nuclear reactors will exceed $100bn over the next 25 years alone, the International Energy Agency has said, warning that governments risk underestimating the cost. U.S. states' pot legalization not in line with international law U.N. agency Hamas among richest terror groups worldwide  second only to ISIS European robot probe Philae has made the first, historic landing on a comet, after descending from its mothership Comet probe Philae now stable Six of the largest banks in the world have been collectively fined over $4 billion by regulators for manipulating the world's foreign exchange rates The lawyer behind the Fifa report which clears Qatar of corruption for the 2022 World Cup bid says the report is 'inaccurate and incomplete' The CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland told the BBC that he cringed when he saw copies of the chat room messages which talk of making free money and keeping numpties out of the market. The groups of bankers colluded to fix foreign exchange rates for the advantage of their banks. And themselves. 'We crossed the line', US admits to UN antitorture body Germany warns antisemitism rising on back of Middle East violence 'Tiger on the loose' near Paris Microsoft Open Sources .NET, Saying It Will Run On Linux and Mac The man who led Russias winning bid for the 2018 World Cup has denied deliberately obstructing Fifas investigation into alleged corruption during the bid process after it emerged evidence had been destroyed. Mecca under threat Outrage at plan to destroy the birthplace of the Prophet Mohamed and replace it with a new palace and luxury malls Russia plans longrange bomber flights near U.S. shores Northern European nations to boost military cooperation against Russia Genitalia replaced with ducklings and dolphins in Turkish schoolbooks Chinese hack U.S. Weather systems, satellite network 2030 the far distant future says Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott. Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has reached a record high this year, a UN report has revealed, highlighting the failure of the USled campaign to crack down on the lucrative crop. Protesters over missing students in Mexico burn state assembly Demonstrators set fire to the local legislature building on Wednesday in the capital of the southwestern state of Guerrero in protests over the apparent massacre of 43 students by corrupt police and thugs from drug gangs. Iraqi Christian fighters retake town Israel announces it won't cooperate with UN Gaza probe Alberta fishermen land rare fossil of neverbeforeseen dinosaur Russian bomber patrols to reach Gulf of Mexico Shell ignored internal warnings over Nigeria oil spills, documents suggest | Documents filed at London high court suggest Shell didnt act on advice to fix aged pipeline and underplayed magnitude of two spills in Nigeria in 2008 India wins U.S. support for food scheme, ends WTO blockade Russia denies NATO accusations over troops in Ukraine Sweden has proof foreign sub entered its waters report Local hunters kill over 70 Boko Haram insurgents, recapture Adamawa town ISIS releases a new speech of its leader Abu Bakr alBaghdadi in which he urges his supporters to attack Saudi Arabia. Russia says fleet of warships is off Australia for climate research Unique 2,000year old circular pyramid discovered in Bolivia The Israeli government has announced that it is denying entry to members of the UN Human Rights Council commission charged with investigating war crimes committed during the summer Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip. Supreme Court of Canada ruling makes honesty the law for businesses The first jihadist to be tried in France after returning from Syria has been given a sevenyear jail sentence Flavien Moreau, 28, travelled to Syria and joined an Islamist militant group, but says he only stayed for a dozen days because he missed smoking  banned by the jihadist group he joined. Paedophiles Have Created A Deep Web Version Of Kickstarter To Crowdfund Child Porn 'Killer robots' should be strictly monitored, nations demand at UN Countries warn of potential dangers of autonomous weapons systems they say are at risk of violating international and humanitarian law Tony Abbot says Australia was 'nothing but bushefore white colonisation in a speech given at an international business breakfast. Russia may claim damages if France doesn't deliver Mistral warship news agency France calls on Israel to immediately reverse the building of 200 new settlements in East Jerusalem More than 400 protesters stuck their heads in the sand on Sydney's Bondi Beach on Thursday. The stunt was meant to mock the Australian government's reluctance to put climate change on the agenda of this weekend's G20 summit, being held in the country. Saudi beheads 7th Pakistani on drugs charges in one month Two Dutch F16 fighter jets taking part in a NATO mission to protect the skies above the Baltics intercepted a Russian military transport plane on Thursday. Islamic State Reportedly Minting Coins as It Struggles to Function Like an Actual State Putin says Russia prepared for oil price collapse; regards sanctions over Ukraine as pointless and illegal US military considers sending combat troops back to Iraq 12 Turkish protestors who attacked 3 US sailors have been released without questing or charges. Norwegian doctor, Mads Gilbert, has been hit with a lifetime ban from entering Gaza by the Israeli government. Canada under pressure after U.S., China agree to curb greenhouse gases France Says Mistral Ship Won't Be Delivered To Russia; There Will Be No Handover Genetically modified (GMO) food has to be labeled in Taiwan starting next year, continues ban from school lunches Barack Obama to pledge at least $2.5bn to help poor countries fight climate change Germany warns UEFA may quit FIFA if World Cup report is not published. US president says every nation has a responsibility to do its part and overcome old divides, look squarely at the science and reach a strong global climate agreement next year Syrian 'hero boy' video faked by Norwegian director British jihadists who fight with ISIS will be barred from returning home under new antiterror laws David Cameron compares Russia to Nazi Germany on eve of Putin meeting Mexican mayor charged with murder linked to students disappearance U.S. Navy Deploys Its First Laser Weapon in the Persian Gulf Australia a locker' in G20 fight against climate change Japan's levitating maglev train reaches 500km/h (311mph) Russia plans alternative version of 'Wikipedia' Harper tells Putin to 'get out of Ukraine' in G20 encounter DR Congo is declared Ebolafree. Hope fades for comet lander as batteries near depletion. Iceland  Minister of the Interior imposes a media blackout as her political attach is found guilty of leaking fabricated criminal charges against an asylum seeker. Minister refuses to step down. (grapevine.is) Ukraine orders closure of all state services in rebelheld east, including schools, hospitals and emergency services as well as pension payments Canadian courts let family withdraw child from chemotherapy to seek their alternative treatment of raw vegetables and positive thinking, because they have the right to choose aboriginal medicine. Great Barrier Reef Queensland lobbies Unesco behind the scenes at G20 | Queensland government is furiously lobbying Unesco representatives behind the scenes of the G20 to stop the Great Barrier Reef from being listed as in danger by the UNs cultural and heritage body HK protesters denied Beijing flight, told their travel permits were invalid G20 summit Tony Abbott laments to world leaders his failure to pass tax on GP visits Sweden releases sonar image confirming 'foreign submarine' Sweden reportedly intercepted a distress signal in Russian, but Russia suggested it could have been a Dutch vessel, something denied by the Netherlands Protesters In Mexico Vow to Burn 43 More Buildings Over Missing Students Explorers Descend Into Siberia's Mystery Crater  It stoked many different theories earlier this yr, including a manmade hoax, the work of aliens from outer space, a meteorite or even a stray missile. This is 1st time it's been stable enough to enter. Human rights organizations have attacked proposals by the British government to extend antiterror powers in the U.K., with the head of one saying they risked turning the country into a police state Islamic State sets sights on Saudis Indonesia tsunami alert after quake North Indian court says it's illegal for female students to be barred from a Muslim University's library US hostage Peter Kassig 'killed by ISIS' U.S., EU override Australia to put climate change on G20 agenda Pharma firm has subsidiary in Luxembourg with 1 parttime worker, assets of 22.7 billion and a branch in Dublin, profit of 7.6 billion, tax of 82,000 Pope denounces euthanasia as 'sin against God and creation' he also condemned abortion, in vitro fertilisation and embryonic stem cell research ecause this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator' Pakistan only country to spread polio virus abroad WHO Turkish PM Erdoan says America was discovered by Muslims, not Columbus Terror financiers are living freely in Qatar, US discloses First person jailed for 'revenge porn' in Britain In Blow for Tokyo & Washington, Okinawa Elects AntiBase Governor   Japanese prefecture of Okinawa set to elect new governor who vows to stop a new Marine Corps air station from being built. His campaign promise no new US military bases & no new noisy Ospreys. Tony Abbott tells G20 leaders he backs coal, despite pleas on climate change Suicide Bomber Attacks Car of Afghan Womens Rights Leader; 3 Killed A suicide bomber attacked the car of a prominent Afghan womens rights leader and member of Parliament in Kabul on Sunday, killing three people and wounding 20 others, Afghan officials said. Prowestern rebels in Syria surrender weapons, defect to Islamic State forces Chinese archaeologists found a new site of human activity dating back 300,000 to 500,000 years, roughly contemporary with Peking Man Georgia fury at RussiaAbkhazia deal Tens of thousands of Georgians have rallied in the capital Tbilisi against a planned agreement between Russia and Georgia's breakaway Abkhazia region. Australia alone with Saudi Arabia on climate change Zimbabwe's vice president, once seen as a possible successor to President Robert Mugabe, linked to plot to assassinate the 90yrold leader Protests over 43 missing students in Mexico spread across the country ISIL eheads Syrians and US aid worker' G20 endorses India's stance on black money | Latest News & Updates at Daily News & Analysis Hamas says Abbas refusing to hold Palestinian elections due to fear of defeat Auschwitz bookkeeper may be last Nazi tried in Germany for war crimes Putin leaves G20 one day early amid questions over Russia's actions in Ukraine After rabbi stabbed in Belgium, Jewish group calls for more safety of European Jews Dutch ban poultry transport after finding dangerous bird flu strain Maasai told to leave historic homeland by end of the year so it can become a hunting reserve for the Dubai royal family | World news German village plays prank on neo Nazis Obama Puts Australia's ClimateDenying Prime Minister Tony Abbott on the Spot Recession declared in Japan Modern slavery affects more than 35 million people, report finds Israel to issue gayfriendly ID cards for children of samesex couples After 9 years, Israel resumes destruction of Palestinian homes Ukraine crisis Petro Poroshenko says country is 'ready for total war' with Russia Swiss army removes last explosives from border bridges with Germany French government will not sign TTIP agreement in 2015  We have to preserve the right of the state to set and apply its own standards, to maintain the impartiality of the justice system and to allow the people of France, and the world, to assert their values. Putin Denies He Fled From G20 Summit Pressure Police are investigating possible homicide linked to what has been described as a paedophile ring involving powerful people in the 1970s and 1980s in the UK Obama Nears Calling Russian Actions an Invasion David Cameron warns that second global crash is looming Sarkozy vows to revoke marriage equality rights if reelected Cuba Rejects Erdogan's Offer to Build Country's First Mosque Russia and Poland expel diplomats in titfortat measures Pakistan testfires 2nd nuclearcapable missile in week Canada breaks with Australia to contribute to Green Climate Fund Romanian PM Victor Ponta concedes victory in presidential election to Sibiu mayor Klaus Iohannis Tens of thousands of people went on strike and paralyzed dozens of cities across Italy on Thursday to protest skyhigh unemployment and government plans to make it easier to fire workers. Violent clashes between police and protesters erupted in Milan and Rome. Germany government reiterates its ban on fracking Bird flu case in Holland turns out to be highly contagious H5N8 strain Secret EU document outlines sanctions to impose if Israel thwarts twostate solution Expat romanians are prevented from voting by the Romanian government Comet Landing 2014 Rosetta Probe Philae Discovers Organic Molecules Report Sushi eaters pushing Pacific bluefin tuna to brink of extinction Putin claims west is provoking Russia into new cold war I saw MP kill boy at paedophile party, says alleged victim A group of doctors and nurses is urging the Ontario government to ban an agricultural pesticide blamed for the deaths of bees and other insect pollinators. Cannabis extract can have dramatic effect on brain cancer, says new research Five killed in apparent Jerusalem terror attack 9/11 terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui has claimed that Saudi Embassy officials were involved in a plot to shoot down Air Force One to assassinate Bill Clinton and/or Hillary Clinton during a trip to the United Kingdom. Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he is dissolving parliament and calling an early election. Israeli Researchers We Can Detect Breast Cancer With Simple Blood Test Spanish navy rams Greenpeace boat and injures activists India Says No to Coal Plant After Inadequate Environmental Impact Assessment  Judges found the casual approach to the projects environmental impact patently unacceptable, citing faulty methodology as well as unreliable & inadequate data collection. Frankfurt becomes the first financial center in Europe to settle payments in Chinese yuan without converting to US dollars first. Toyota to launch hydrogenpowered car that runs on compressed hydrogen gas without emitting exhaust Qatar, currently embroiled in controversy over the award of the 2022 World Cup, has now been chosen to host the 2019 World Athletics Championships. Palestinians in Gaza celebrate terror attack at Jerusalem synagogue Obama states that he would order US Troops into combat if ISIS got nuclear weapons Egypt to expand buffer zone with Gaza after finding longer tunnels The Islamic State (ISIS) is being supplied with weapons through planes landing in areas controlled by the militants, the head of Iraqs security and defence committee said. Qatar country with fourth highest rate of slavery NGO Nearly 1,000 people took to the streets of Nairobi on Monday to protest against a series of vicious public attacks on women who were stripped naked and assaulted for wearing miniskirts or other clothing perceived to be immodest More Than 1 Million People in Russia Live as Slaves, Study Finds Swedish ISP protects customers from surveillance with free VPN The Free Syrian Army (FSA), the recognized armed opposition group against the Bashar alAssad in Syria, has ceased its resistance in Aleppo, Syrias second biggest city, withdrawing its 14,000 militia from the city Pope Kids have a right to both mums and dads 2 new subatomic particles discovered at CERN South Korea to raise $500 billion for unification Man Tests Positive For Ebola In Delhi, India Religious extremism main cause of terrorism, according to report North Korea refutes war crimes charge and says its human rights system is advantageous | Pyongyang goes into diplomatic overdrive as UN General Assembly votes to refer the Communist state to the ICC for prosecution. Five Thai students held for 'Hunger Games' salute at Prime Minister India is home to 14 million modern slaves. Turkey RedHack deletes $670K in electric bills France locks' Russian sailors from boarding warship The United Arab Emirates has officially designated 83 groups as terrorist organizations, including two based in the U.S., the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations (CAIR) and the Muslim American Society Father claims police covered up son's murder by Westminster paedophile ring China Takes a Historic Step in its Embrace of WesternStyle Capitalism  opens its stock markets to the west, but caution is in order Female Inmates in Notorious Indian Prison Say Guards Forced Them Into Prostitution Ukraine is preparing for military assault on the east, Russian foreign minister says Two bodies authorities believe to belong to Miss Honduras 2014 and her sister have been found buried Spains Congress votes in favor of recognizing Palestinian state Egypt Will Demolish a Town in its Expanded Gaza Buffer Zone Israeli PM Netanyahu orders the military to erect security checkpoints at crossings into East Jerusalem for the first time in decades. The usage of Agent Orange and military defoliants in Okinawa is one of the best kept secrets of the Cold War, said Tokyobased journalist. N. Korea Defectors Urge Switzerland to Freeze Leaders' Funds Muslim majority Indonesias capital gets Christian leader Erdogan slams ridicule of 'Muslims discovered Americas' claim India has quarantined a man who was cured of Ebola in Liberia but continued to show traces of the virus in samples of his semen after arriving in the country This huge blast lit up the whole sky over Russia's Urals Four men, including the victim's father and brother, have been sentenced to death in Pakistan for the murder of a pregnant woman bludgeoned to death in the centre of the country's secondlargest city for marrying against her family's wishes. Pakistani family sentenced to death over honour killing outside court Four relatives of a pregnant woman who bludgeoned her to death outside one of Pakistan's top courts were sentenced to death on Wednesday for the crime, their defence lawyer said. ISIS now controls territory in Libya. Russians Might Use Reindeer to Battle Crime  Animals handle tundra better than snowmobiles, so theyre considering starting a reindeer police force Banking culture breeds dishonesty, scientific study finds Record 1,020 rhino killed in South Africa | 2014 eclipses 2013 poaching record as illegal wildlife trade continues to boom, threatening future of the species 'World's longest railway' links Madrid and China as freight train service begins on the 21day, 8,000 miles long route. Google Internet balloon crashes on farm in South Africa For the first time, Israel refuses to return bodies of terrorists as a deterrent to future attacks North Korea has threatened to conduct a nuclear test in response to a United Nations move towards a probe into the country's human rights violations Ancient Egyptian Handbook of Spells Deciphered China to Place Limit on Coal Use in 2020  Opponents of climate change regulation in the U.S. have long used Chinas emissions as an excuse for inaction on the U.S. side, he said. Last weeks joint announcement is the beginning of the end for this line of argument. Acid Rain is Turning Canadas Lakes to Jelly  There is a war going on between 2 water flea species, & one of them is going down hard. A lot of things cant eat these jellyclad fleas. They're 10 times bigger because theyre encased in this jelly. Obesity rivals smoking and war, with $2trillion hit to global economy PM No room for discrimination against Israeli Arabs Netanyahu, Livni, Lapid and Erdan lash out at Ashkelon mayor for banning Arab construction workers from vicinity of kindergartens in southern Israeli city. Unbearable stench after 5,000 bats suddenly drop dead Russian singers and other celebrities are increasingly being banned from the big stage for disagreeing with the Kremlin's policy in Ukraine Police seize massive weapons shipment headed for Jerusalem. Israeli president We are not at war with Islam Rivlin advises leadership to not raise issue of control over Temple Mount, says Israelis and Palestinians destined to live together in Jerusalem 10 civilians killed by mortar fired at homes near GazaEgypt border Birmingham City Council hid links between Asian cabbies and child sex victims for 23 years BBC  Fifa whistleblower Phaedra AlMajid fears for her safety Top German Politician Slammed for Asking West to Recognize Crimea Swedish Court of Appeals rejects Assange appeal ISIS is making millions per week, has enough weaponry to keep fighting for at least 2 years. Julian Assanges appeal to lift arrest warrant is rejected by Swedish court Mexico on the brink thousands expected at mass protests over student massacre | Corruption and violence threaten to destabilise country after mass murder of students and scandal over presidential home A group of journalists has launched a legal action against Scotland Yard after discovering that the Metropolitan police has been recording their professional activities on a secret database designed to monitor socalled domestic extremists U.S. meteorologists say the world in October continued to set heat records. They say despite a bitter U.S. cold snap, the globe is rushing toward its warmest year on record. Great Barrier Reef will be 'slaughtered' scientists dismiss Julie Bishop's claim reef not at risk EU governments unanimously approved a new law to slash the use of plastic grocery bags on Friday, hoping to curb litter on land and a spreading plastic soup in the world's oceans. Lithuanian President calls Russia terrorist state Russia's Igor Strelkov I Am Responsible for War in Eastern Ukraine | News New Snowden docs UK spy agency had fulltime employee inside Vodafone / Cable & Wireless Gambia security forces insert objects into gay prisoner's anuses and vaginas to test their sexual orientation Canadian Police Arrest Protesters Blocking Proposed Path of Tar Sands Pipeline  The protesters are trying to stop the pipeline, which would carry tar sands crude from Edmonton, Alberta to Burnaby, British Columbia. Molotov cocktails, clashes as Mexico City braces for massacre protests | Masked demonstrators threw Molotov cocktails and shot fireworks at police near Mexico City's airport as thousands prepared to protest President Enrique Pena Nieto's handling of the apparent massacre of 43 trainee teachers New Yorkborn London mayor Boris Johnson refuses to pay US tax bill. J31 stealth jet gets bad reviews after Zhuhai Airshow flight  dark exhaust emitting from the jet's engine indicates the engine's poor efficiency in burning fuel. Laser from Plane Discovers Roman Goldmines in Spain  Hidden under vegetation & crops is a gold mining network created by the Romans 2,000 yrs ago, as well as complex hydraulic works, like river diversions, to divert water to the mines. US President Barack Obama to be chief guest at India's 2015 Republic Day parade Senior ISIS figure killed in Mosul Mexican president burned in effigy as day of protest ends Ukraine president heckled at tribute to Kiev protesters as Biden visits UK's first 'poo bus', powered entirely by human and food waste, takes to the streets today Girkin says he and his special ops team started conflict in Donbas Venice is looking to ban wheelie suitcases. Nearly 30 per cent of world population is overweight report Russian Government says Wikipedia isn't reliable; plans its own electronic encyclopedia as counterweight. Scotland Yard is investigating three 'possible murders' linked to a Westminster paedophile ring that was allegedly operating in the 1970s and 1980s Vladimir Putin we must stop a Ukrainestyle 'coloured revolution' in Russia Ukraine to cancel its nonaligned status, resume integration with NATO Kenya bus attack 28 nonMuslims killed after being unable to recite Koran in suspected alShabab attack Pope Francis says greed will 'destroy the world' Media gagged over bid to report MP child sex cases 6.8 Eartquake hits Japan, Nagano prefecture. Mild shaking in Tokyo Human rights group Amnesty International released free software on Thursday that allows users to determine if their computers are bugged by government intelligence agencies. Radicalisation risk at six Muslim schools in London Madagascar plague outbreak kills 40 Egypt closes schools in Sinai towns as area inches toward open war  Army prepares to step up campaign against Islamist militants, who have started beheading army informers. European Parliament expected to push Google to break itself up. Australia in breach of human rights obligations over imprisonment of two teenagers for life, says UN Mexican military threatens intervention amidst mass protests over disappeared normalistas Egypt tightens closure on Gaza as Israel eases it Palestinian Authority faces $1 billion lawsuit from families of US terror victims European Parliament to vote on Palestine statehood Kenya's Catholic Bishops Claim Tetanus Vaccine Is Stealth Birth Control Project Socrates arrested in tax case | Former Portuguese prime minister Jose Socrates has been arrested on suspicion of tax evasion. It's the second potential scandal to hit Portuguese politics in a week, after the interior minister's resignation last Sunday. Ukraine crisis Lavrov warns over Russia 'regime change' goal  Western sanctions against Russia over its role in Ukraine are aimed at forcing regime change in Moscow, Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov says. Israel begins controversial demolitions on Palestinian suspects' homes as deterrent. Several former Canadian soldiers plan to join Kurds to combat Islamic State militants in coming weeks, Canadian media reported on Friday Africa Nears Eradication of Polio  A rigorous vaccination campaign has nearly eliminated the crippling infectious disease from Nigeria & the continent at large Britain objects to Argentinian 'Falkland signs' Cancer Patients Driven to Darknet for Cheap Drugs Armed bandits steal Ebola infected blood raising fears of bioterrorism. European Parliament reportedly wants Google to be broken up Burger King axes 89 of its 688 franchises in Germany at once over ongoing scandals about poor hygiene and mistreatment of staff. SAS troops with sniper rifles and heavy machine guns have killed hundreds of Islamic State extremists in a series of deadly quadbike ambushes inside Iraq Thousands evacuated after British WWII bomb found in French city of Rennes  Packed with 70 kilos of high explosives India tea workers kill boss over pay Switzerland Voting to Abolish 152yearold Tax Break for Rich Foreigners UK MP paedophiles were protected from police action In a North American first, heroin addicts in Vancouver will soon receive prescription heroin outside of a clinical trial. Thailand's Justice Minister has said martial law will remain in place indefinitely, amid mounting protests of military rule. Extinct Spectacled HareWallaby Spotted in W Australia  Conservationists thrilled after threatened marsupial seen in Kimberley region for 1st time in a decade Putin says Russia not isolated over Ukraine, blames West for frosty ties Germany to drop probe into US spying on Merkel report Bomber 'kills 40' at Afghan volleyball match Obama misinformed in 'unnecessary' Great Barrier Reef speech  I dont think others should be coming and lecturing us on climate change, Australian trade minister says of US presidents comments Humanity is under attack former Canadian soldiers volunteer to fight The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria Mexico City protests continue following the alleged kidnapping and execution of 43 student teachers by corrupt police. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said he and Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan he had discussed a transition of power in Syria away from President Bashar alAssad during a fourhour meeting in Istanbul on Saturday. India Wants Energy That Doesn't Melt Glaciers, Modi Says Syrian Christians 'Help us to stay  stop arming terrorists' 2,000 Britons fighting for Islamic State Labour MP says 2,000 jihadists have travelled to Syria and Iraq from the UK  a fourfold increase on official estimates Boko Haram militants kill 48 fish traders in Nigeria attack. The United States recovered thousands of old chemical weapons in Iraq from 2004 to 2009 and destroyed almost all of them in secret and via openair detonation, according to a written summary of its activities prepared by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons UK Conservative Party slams AntiEnvironment Australian PM Tony Abbott on climate policy Top local cop arrested in 43 students' disappearance Serbia Refuses to Join AntiRussian Sanctions Despite EU 'Blackmailing' Residents say hundreds of women have marched topless through a town in the Central African Republic to protest sectarian violence Tourist fined $30,000 for tagging Colosseum After scrapping nuclear energy, Germany is pondering pulling the plug on coal too. Human Rights Watch calls on Indonesia to scrap 'virginity tests' for female police The Alpine city of Grenoble is the first European city to ban all commercial street advertising. Instead, the French city will plant trees. From January to April 2015 more than 300 advertising spaces  2,000 square metres  will disappear and 50 trees will be planted. North Korea warns of wiping Japan off world map over U.N. resolution Turkish President Erdogan says women and men cannot be equal in a meeting of an association promoting women rights. Canada moving toward Americanstyle inequality, U.S. economist suggests Man Allegedly Tortured by UK and US for Nearly a Decade Wins Right to Sue Britain | VICE News PUTIN We're Stronger Than Everybody It Took 12 Trucks to Haul Away All the Cash This Corrupt Chinese General Hid in His Home Israeli policeman charged with manslaughter of Palestinian teen Polar bear numbers in parts of Alaska and Canada dropped about 40 percent in the last decade, researchers at the U.S. Geological Survey say. Of the 80 cubs observed in Alaska from 2004 to 2007, only two are known to have survived. The gender pay gap has fallen to a record low Netanyahu Warns of 'Grave Mistake' if France Recognizes Palestine The U.K. government is set to announce measures to force internet service providers to maintain records of which customers use which IP addresses, so as to make online anonymity more difficult. 500 dead sea lions found on a beach in Peru Wild duck tests positive for bird flu virus H5N8 in northeast Germany; Strain is highly pathogenic, officials say Protesters Call for Mexican Presidents Resignation More Mass Graves in Mexican Search for Missing Students Human bones were found by civilians and nongovernmental organizations inside the four mass graves Finnish president says that now is not the right time for Finland to join NATO Mahmoud Abbas claims wild pigs are being released by Israelis to intimidate Palestinians Britain is facing the biggest terrorism threat in its history and has foiled around 40 major plots since suicide bombers attacked London in 2005, Home Secretary Theresa May said on Monday. Nearly 800 people have been rescued from boats in distress in the Mediterranean Sea in the last 48 hours New Zealand's Surveillance Laws Are AntiPeople, Says Green Party leader Russel Norman Discovery Of Vast Canyon in Tibet, thousands of feet under sediment, was once carved out by a river 35 million years ago Scientists urge governments to turn old TV frequencies into free super WiFi Afghan woman kills 25 Taliban rebels to avenge her sons murder Only 36% of Canadians would call Ottawa shooting a terrorist attack, while 38% blame mental illness, survey finds Russia funds French National Front and other farright European parties 41 men targeted but 1,147 people killed US drone strikes  the facts on the ground. New analysis of data conducted by human rights group Reprieve shared with the Guardian, raises questions about accuracy of intelligence guiding precise strikes. Chinese tourists are flocking to Taiwan to see democracy in action, it's been reported. There's even a visitor's guide to the elections circulating online, with do's and don'ts for those wishing to get a feel for Taiwan's unique electoral culture. Dangerous Levels of Global Warming are Unavoidable, Says the World Bank. A two degree increase could wipe out 90 percent of coral reefs, devastating coastal ecosystems and the economies and fisheries that depend on them. Icelandic bank manager involved in 2008 financial crash sentenced to prison German league chief tells Sepp Blatter to resign over Qatar World Cup Ecigarettes to be restricted, flavoured tobacco to be banned in Ontario We're Eating This Poisonous Fish ... to Death  Japanese dish called fugu is a puffer fish that produces toxins so deadly it can kill if prepared improperly. Yet the delicacy is so popular that overfishing is pushing 1 species of puffer to the brink of extinction. Unidentified jet launches airstrike on Tripoli, Lybia airport Egyptian president says his regime is ready to protect Israel South Pacific islands prepare to sue French government for $1billion over nuclear tests |Tests were conducted from mid1960s and saw government approved detonated of nearly 200 nuclear tests off atolls in French Polynesia Sony paralyzed on a worldwide scale by serious hacking threat. ISIS abducting and indoctrinating children for active combat in a systematic manner reports Ukraine 'will hold NATO referendum' France awards highest honour to modest WWII heroine living in New Zealand Great Barrier Reef threatened by Queensland plan to let miners take billions of litres of groundwater, says Marine Park Authority Australian Cricketer Fighting For Life After Taking Bouncer To Skull Nicaragua Is Going Ahead With a Massive Canal That Will Bisect the Country According to experts, the project will likely wreak havoc on both Nicaraguans and the country's environment Russia says it loses billions to oil slump, sanctions Islamic State Australianinitiated air strike kills up to 100 militant fighters in cave complex near Kirkuk Cant keep waiting for stealth fighter, India tells Russia AntiSlavery Campaigners Arrested in Mauritania, the Country With the World's Highest Slavery Rate Pope Francis condemned priests and laity who turn their parishes into a usinessy charging for things such as baptisms, blessings and Mass intentions  calling it a scandal that's hard to forgive. Iraqi warplanes kill ISIS commander of Heet and 22 of his aides Vietnam seizes over 1,000 dead endangered sea turtles  Record haul were bound for illegal export to China. India to raise smoking age to 25 Israeli president opposes proposed law to give national rights to Jews only Rare Shakespeare volume discovered in French library | A rare copy of Shakespeare plays spent hundreds of years hiding in a public library in a small town in northern France before it was noticed. The 1623 volume is seen as one of the most valuable books in the world. Putin says Russia is not a threat to anyone We pose no threat to anyone and do not intend to get involved in any geopolitical games or intrigues, let alone conflicts, no matter who tries to draw us into them or how they do so, Putin told a meeting with military chiefs Four polio vaccinators shot dead in Pakistan Sony set to end sponsorship contract with Fifa, becoming second major sponsor to cut ties  Telegraph Qatar arrests workers for protesting over low pay Scientist 'terrified' of own tech  A leading scientist investigating geoengineering solutions to climate change has admitted he is terrified of his own technology. Denmark to vote on male circumcision ban Kremlin WhistleBlower 'Putin Has No Option But To Stay In Power' Grenoble bans street ads, to replace billboards with trees Save the Children staff furious over global legacy award for Tony Blair  Internal letter signed by almost 200 staff members says award is morally reprehensible and endangers STCs credibility globally Goldman, BASF, HSBC accused of metals price fixing U.S. lawsuit The US and Turkey are headed for a showdown over Syria, as evidence mounts that Ankara is enabling groups that Washington is actively bombing. Suicide attacks by two female bombers at a crowded market in northern Nigeria's Maiduguri city have killed 78 people, medical officials say. Shakespeare First Folio, one of only 230 believed to still exist, found in French library. Tunisian secularist wins first presidential round, heads for runoff French President's office formally announces indefinite suspension of delivery for Russia's Mistral helicopter assault ships, citing Ukraine situation Archaeologists in Denmark have uncovered an incredibly rare find a stone age axe held within its wooden handle  Article Tanzanias Masai breathe sigh of relief after president vows never to evict them France suspends warships deal with Russia over Ukraine crisis Jian Ghomeshi faces five charges in sexual assault investigation Scientists predict green energy revolution after incredible new graphene discoveries  The breakthrough raises the prospect of extracting hydrogen fuel from air and burning it as a carbonfree source of energy in a fuel cell to produce electricity and water with no damaging waste products. Dutch move 122 tons of gold out of US to Amsterdam Bollywood actress Veena Malik sentenced to 26 years in jail for blasphemy after appearing in mock TV wedding scene Chinese businessman builds luxury flats for his old village for free Canada to dress Ukrainian soldiers for winter warfare Banks Goldman Sachs, HSBC and Standard Bank and a unit of chemical producer BASF conspired to manipulate platinum and palladium prices, according to a US lawsuit filed this week Three priests and a religious education teacher are arrested in Spain after former altar boy writes to Pope claiming he was molested by paedophile ring EU Wants Google Right to be Forgotten Deletions to Apply Everywhere  European Union court decided that people should be able to get search results deleted, but ruling just applies within Europe for now 7 Hong Kong Police Officers Arrested in Beating of Protester Deforestation dropped 18% in Brazil's Amazon over past 12 months | Levels fell to secondlowest level in quarter century, Brazils environment minister said, in wake of adoption of controversial bill revising the Forest Code 30% Women Quota in Germany  Merkel govt to introduce quota for women in senior corporate positions  The quota stipulates that 30 percent of members of boards of directors or supervisory bodies in around 100 shareholding companies in the stock market must be women. Controversial mine water bill passed in Queensland, Australia  Miners in Queensland will no longer need a licence to take ground water and will be exempt from reporting requirements for lowrisk activities. Kim Jong Un's younger sister named senior official Two brothers have become the first Britons to be jailed for terrorism training in Syria in 2013. OPEC Leaves Output Ceiling Unchanged at 30 Million Barrels Angela Merkel uses strongest language yet about Putin German chancellor signals she is ready for long confrontation over Ukraine Waving the Palestinian Flag at Protests to Be Illegal Under Israel's New AntiTerror Plan | VICE News Biologists disturbed to find seals in Britain seemingly killing porpoises for fun Interpreters who worked with US forces in Afghanistan are being hunted down by the Taliban. Thousands have emigrated to the US but others have been blacklisted, refused a visa, and left in grave danger. Turkey bans reporting on corruption investigation of exministers Germany Warns Wrecking Russian Economy Would Be Perilous A small village in Nepal is set to make the largest animal sacrifice in the world New Snowden docs GCHQs ties to telco gave spies global surveillance reach Edward Snowden Receives Stuttgart Peace Prize 2014 Jian Ghomeshi charged with four counts of sexual assault, could face life in prison State of emergency in Ukraine as Russia cuts off coal Finnish Parliament approves samesex marriage For the first time since 1969 Germany has balanced its budget Bavaria plans free wifi for 'whole state' German unemployment rate falls to a record low Mexicos President Announces Federal Takeover of Local Police Forces Mexico eleven bodies found dumped in state where 43 students went missing Indonesia cracks down on deforestation in symbolic uturn. Indonesias reforming new president is to crack down on the rampant deforestation and peatland destruction that has made the nation the worlds third largest emitter of climatewarming carbon dioxide. Renewable Energy Overtakes Nuclear as Scotland's Top Power Source  Clean energy produced more power in Scotland than nuclear, coal or gas for 1st time, in 1st 1/2 of 2014 industry figures show 7 Mental Health Patients Died Waiting for Beds; 1 Killed His Mother  Investigation comes as mental health beds are being cut in England. Figures show over 2100 gone since 2011. NHS accused by many of failing to understand or prioritize mental health. The first known FBI informant inside Wikileaks has plead guilty to embezzlement and fraud amounting to thirty million kronas. Social Media sites like Twitter & Facebook are being told to simplify their terms and conditions because currently it's like reading hieroglyphics or shakespeare Fracking risk compared to thalidomide and asbestos in Walport report. History presents plenty of examples of innovation trajectories that later proved to be problematic  for instance involving asbestos, benzene, thalidomide, dioxins, lead in petrol, tobacco, many pesticides... World Health Organization men recovering from Ebola should abstain from sex for three months to minimize the risk of passing the virus on in their semen Oil continues to collapse a day after OPEC stands firm on production Yemen's main oil pipeline blown up; $4.5 billion has already been lost in infrastructure attacks over the past two years French president announces 1.5blneuro fund to finance transition to green energy TransCanada, the energy company behind controversial Keystone Pipeline, drops PR firm after a proposal to attack companys opponents leaked  Edelman planned for TransCanada to pressure its opponents by distracting them from their mission & causing them to redirect their resources UN Torture Watchdog Urges US to Crack Down on Police Brutality  It's the panel's 1st review of the US record on preventing torture since 2006 Support for Isis stronger in Arabic social media in Europe than in Syria Venezuela's representative storm out of meeting as Opec refuses to cut oil production. Prices slump to fiveyear low Hong Kong protest leader alleges police sexually assaulted him Saudis block OPEC output cut, sending oil price plunging India has suspended the US entertainment channel Comedy Central for six days for showing showing women as a commodity of sex in two shows Israel slams Turkey This is no way for a NATO state to act Germany bids farewell to brave Turkish young woman  Thousands in Germany are saying danke to a Turkish young woman who was brutally attacked for trying to rescue two German women from being harassed, before her life support is turned off on her birthday. U.K. police force accidentally admits it spied on journalists who had not committed any crimes, using antiterror RIPA laws. Asks paper to delete article covering this once it realized what it had done. Newspaper refuses. China bans wordplay. Officials say casual alteration of idioms risks nothing less than cultural and linguistic chaos, despite their common usage. New Snowden Documents reveal rather comprehensive tapping of Irish undersea cables by GCHQ A Month After Mass Rapes Were Reported in Darfur, the UN Remains Silent Thirteen Arrested as 500 Police Storm Mosques and Homes in Austria CounterTerror Raids | VICE News Indian man who allegedly killed 55 people fighting for ISIS quit to return home because ISIS didn't pay him Kenyan lawyers demand the prosecution of men who publicly strip women Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak acquitted on all charges Saudi Arabia's oil minister told fellow OPEC members they must combat the U.S. shale oil boom, arguing against cutting crude output in order to depress prices and undermine the profitability of North American producers. Tanzania's Prime Minister Implicated in Massive $120m Corruption Scandal; Allegations that the Government has Resorted to Cutting Country's Power so Citizens Cannot Watch Parliamentary Proceedings Russia's Sechin Says Oil Could Fall to Below $60 Per Barrel Next Year Muslims discovered Earth is round, Turkey's Science Minister says Russian Navy successfully testfires new submarinebased intercontinental ballistic missile France to back Palestinian state if peace talks fail Beijing Store Bans Chinese Customers  Clothes shop embroiled in racism row after posting a sign that reads 'Chinese not admitted, except for staff'. An employee says Chinese customers are too annoying & Chinese women often try lots of clothes but end up buying nothing. Taliban fighters breach Camp Bastion, a former U.S. and British base handed over to the Afghan army last month, and exchange fire with troops Turkish President Erdogan The West Wants Muslims Dead Switzerland to vote on capping immigration to 1/5th of current levels for the environment; bilateral relations between the EU and Switzerland on the brink 35 killed in explosions in Nigerian mosque Filipina maid rescued after video plea showing abusive conditions in Saudi Arabia China 15 killed in terrorist attack in Xinjiang The Worlds Largest Animal Slaughter Festival Has Begun in Nepal  The previous festival saw about 300,000 animals slaughtered, while Indian news channel CNNIBN reports that this yr that number is up to 500,000. Kinder Morgan stops drilling, begins moving equipment from Burnaby Mountain. You can't build these mega fossilfuel projects anymore without this kind of public opposition. Israel foils terror plot in West Bank, busts 30 Hamas terrorists Bringing up the bodies Mexico's missing students draw attention to 20,000 'vanished' others The disappearance of 43 student teachers lifted the lid on the open secret of Mexicos many others whove disappeared amid drugfuelled violence An Egyptian court has designated ISIS and all of their affiliates terrorist organizations and banned them in the country. Pope Francis We must condemn those who use religion to violate human rights; he condemned the barbaric violence committed by ISIS, against religious minorities in Syria, and said that military action against the group was justified Facebook can gain direct access to your mobile and take pictures or make videos at any time, MPs warn  Telegraph Black Friday in Bangladesh on the second anniversary of a massive fire at the Tazreen factory Walmart still hasnt paid any compensation to the victims... Tigers Are Dying in Record Numbers in India Switzerland votes on ending mass immigration The controversial Ecopop movement wants to slash the numbers entering the country from 80,000 a year to just 16,000 Russia Is Building A Network of Military Bases In The Arctic Large, unauthorized convoy enters east Ukraine from Russia Ukrainian military China overtakes Japan to become worlds second largest stock market Report IsraeliCanadian woman fighting Islamic State has been kidnapped by terror group UN antitorture panel urges US to cease indefinite detention without charge 1.8 Ton World War II Bomb Forces Mass Evacuation in Dortmund, Germany UK Muslims face worst job discrimination of any minority group, according to research Thailand crown prince strips wife's family of royal name after some her relatives were allegedly involved in corruption until now the lese majeste law criminalising any critical comment about the monarchy meant that no Thai media had pointed out the family connection Hong Kong Protesters Charge Police at Government Offices Abbas accuses U.S. of blocking creation of Palestinian state Bombs, gunfire kill 81 at crowded mosque in Nigeria's Kano Venezuela prison overdose kills 35 | Malaysia to end oil subsidies Syria plagued by flesheating maggot disease Egyptian security forces fire teargas, birdshot to disperse Mubarak verdict protest Airstrikes mark shift in coalition focus, to ISIS 'capital' The cause of large numbers of harbour porpoises washing up on the Netherlands coast was previously unknown and contested, but an eight yearlong study concludes that grey seals have learned a new trick and are preying on them. Until now, evacuation of atrisk volunteers/workers from ebolaaffected regions has been extremely difficult and costly. Lufthansa and the German government have partnered to make an aircraft available to any country requiring its service. Kim Dotcom walks Free After three days of hearings in Auckland Iraqi army 'had 50,000 ghost troops' on payroll Alberta pipeline spills 60,000 litres of crude oil into muskeg 'Picasso painting offered as kickback' A painting, believed to be a Picasso, was allegedly gifted to Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) president and FIFA executive member Michel Platini in return for his support for the eventually successful Russian bid for the 2018 global showpiece Beginning of the end AIDS is finally reaching a tipping point. The number of people newly infected with HIV over the last year is on the decline. Thousands of Russians have staged marches in Moscow and other cities in protest at health reforms which include plans to close hospitals and cut jobs Poland elects first openly gay mayor in elections ArabJewish school, symbol of Jerusalem coexistence, torched ISIS may possesss nuclear material stolen from Iraq, report says Putin confirms support for independent Palestinian state; We believe that Palestines acquisition of national sovereignty on the common international legal base will be an important factor in ensuring a comprehensive, just settlement in the Middle East, Indian ISIS recruit returns home. His role was to clean toilets and give soldiers water while they fought. Hard drives, other sensitive equipment discovered missing from Mistral warship originally destined for Russia on day the deal was suspended Russia to give Iran grain in return for oil Germany says 300 jihadists facing trial, antiterrorism laws working Nigeria Parliament Shell Should Pay $3.6 Billion For 2011 Bonga Oil Spill Moody's cuts Japan credit rating Deutsche Bahn sues airlines over pricefixing | German rail operator Deutsche Bahn (DB) is filing a billioneuro lawsuit against more than a dozen airlines over allegations of running a 'global cargo cartel.' Send our jihadis to Devil's Island! French politician demands Paris reopens 'Papillon' jail for terrorists China warns British MPs they will be denied entry to Hong Kong EUROPE  Dutch MP calls for removal of all mosques in Netherlands Netanyahu's government on verge of collapse over controversial Jewish nation state bill Switzerland voters reject immigration cap | Final referendum results show 74 percent voted no on limiting net immigration to fewer than 17,000 people a year. Worlds Most Polluted City Urged to Close Schools on Bad Air Days  The rapidly worsening air quality in the Indian capital of Delhi has officials calling for drastic measures to address the growing public health emergency. Fire causes shutdown at Belgian nuclear reactor Oil hits fiveyear lows in longest losing streak since 2008 crisis A long list of sex acts just got banned in UK porn Edward Snowden wins Swedish human rights award for NSA revelations | Whistleblower receives several standing ovations in Swedish parliament as he wins Right Livelihood award Sony Drops FIFA Sponsorship Amid Corruption Scandal. A british oil company is cutting its new CEOs pay by more than half, in a rare win for shareholders who had opposed the companys initial proposal for compensating chief executive Helge Lund. Russia will hit recession in 2015 because of oil and Ukraine, Kremlin admits Charles Darwin's notebooks in which he first jotted down his theory of evolution have been put online in one of the most significant worldwide releases of the naturalist's material  Over 12,000 images have been digitised by the University of Cambridge. Indian tycoon throws mass wedding for fatherless women. North Korea says U.S. created the Ebola outbreak 2013 homicide rate in Canada lowest since 1966 In Senegal, desperate mothers kill their own babies due to strict abortion laws and heavy societal pressure. They leave the infants out in the middle of the forest to starve to death or get eaten by wild animals. Others strangle them or throw them in the septic tank, said one legal counselor. Experts say they have achieved a scientific milestone  creating enzymes out of artificial genetic material that they made in their lab The EU's top court has ruled that refugees who claim asylum on the grounds that they are homosexual should not have to undergo tests to prove it. Lebanese army has detained wife of Islamic State leader Baghdadi and one of his sons at border crossing with Syria Lebanese officials At climate talks, UN calls fossil fuels 'high risk' investment. Oil price volatility is exactly one of the main reasons why we must move to renewable energy which has a completely predictable cost of zero for fuel once wind turbines or solar panels were built, she told a news conference. Stephen Hawking warns artificial intelligence could end mankind Study finds that HIV may be evolving into a milder form Iran Bombing Islamic State In Iraq, U.S. Official Confirms Waterborne disease plagues ISIS occupied Mosul Costa Rica celebrates 66th anniversary of the abolition of its army  The Tico Times 1.7m Syrian refugees face food crisis as UN funds dry up Putin cancels new natural gas pipeline to Europe in a surprise move Russian jet nearly hits Nato jet over Norway Iranian Phantom jet strikes the Islamic State in Iraq Japan to Launch Asteroid Lander Tonight Watch It Live North Korean Government Thought To Be Behind Sony Pictures Hack