 Turkish President Erdogan 'I am increasingly against the internet every day' Former Top Official Says Kim Jongun Is No Longer in Control of North Korea. Russia adds 243 nuclear warheads to northern fleet near Norwegian border. Oslo Pulls Bid for 2022 Olympics. IOC Outraged. ProBeijing protestors encircle, attack protestors in Hong Kong. Pope Francis Favored to Win Nobel Peace Prize for Poverty Focus LIVE Police struggle to keep order as street fights break out in Mong Kok  ...Several hundred antiOccupy Central protesters broke through police lines and started smashing up protest tents and attacking students... Turkey OKs military hits on ISIS Hackers are using Reddit to control 17,000 Apple computers North Korea capital 'under lockdown' amid rumours of threat to Kim Jongun NBC News Freelancer in Africa Diagnosed with Ebola Canada Is The Only UN Member To Reject Landmark Indigenous Rights Document Archived samples of HIV's genetic code have traced the origin of the Aids pandemic to the 1920s in the city of Kinshasa, in what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo, scientists say ISIS beheads two of its own fighters Catalan government says it will hold vote for independence from Spain on November 9 Judge rejects White House plea to keep Guantanamo force feeding hearings secret After political dispute with Russia, Canadian satellite to be launched by India Estonia arrests former KGB officers Argentina's President Cristina Kirchner charged in an emotional address that domestic and US interests were pushing to topple her government, and could even kill her. Mysterious outbreak of hemorrhagic fever syndrome in Venezuela kills ten BBC News  Japan stocks rattled by $617bn 'fat finger' trading error Antiageing drugs may have been developed  Biomedical science is evolving at an unprecedented rate, and a raft of modern drugs and technologies appear as though they may be capable of extending human life by 10 years. US criticises Israel over settlements; Washington says the move will distance Israel from even its 'closest allies' British parliament to vote on recognizing Palestinian state JPMorgan hacked Personal information of 83 million customers exposed in cyber attack Banker who financed 9/11 mastermind now funding terrorists in Syria and Iraq Isis video reports to show murder of British hostage Alan Henning Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko risked further angering the Kremlin by suggesting that English lessons replace Russian ones in schools to improve the country's standard of living. In rare alliance, Shi'ites join Sunnis to defend Iraqi towns Shipwreck Found Near Nagasaki Likely Part of Kublai Khans Invading FleetThought to date from Mongol attempt to invade Japan 700 yrs ago. Its well preserved, so we expect it to carry a significant load of cargo like porcelains & weapons. North Korea Sends No.2 to South Korea for Rare Talks Violent mobs with triad links threaten Hong Kong prodemocracy protesters Word spreading on social media, including Facebook, had seen supporters arrive in droves after work. Crowds swelled to the tens of thousands ... it was now the antiOccupy agitators who had been surrounded Judge orders Guantnamo Bay forcefeeding videos to be released. Host, crew of popular BBC show Top Gear flee Argentina after being pelted with rocks by crowd Mystery 1000 year old skull washes up on Sydney beach, not of Aboriginal origin Russian jet flew 'metres' from Swedish plane Netanyahu No chance for peace deal if Israel sued for war crimes Pakistan polio cases at alltime high after Taliban banned immunisations and attacked polio vaccination teams across Pakistan ISIS losing hearts and minds in its heartland WWF International, the world's largest conservation group, has been accused of selling its soul by forging alliances with powerful businesses which destroy nature & use the WWF brand to greenwash their operations. Ebola Healthcare Workers Are Dying Faster Than Their Patients 52 percent of planet's biodiversity vanished since 1970  According to the Living Planet Report 2014, the number of mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians and fish across the globe is, on average, about half the size it was 40 years ago. China tests 10,000km range nuclear missile New 'feminist' government with a Green tinge in Sweden Sweden's new Social Democrat prime minister Stefan Loefven unveiled what he called a feminist government including Green Party ministers for the first time in the Nordic country. Canada Joins Battle Against ISIS Heavy fighting for Ukraine Airport Islamic State group downs Iraqi chopper Haiti bans its citizens from UN mission against Ebola Haitian volunteers have been banned from departing for African countries hit by the Ebola virus, the government said on Friday, citing other diseases that have devastated the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere. Egypt Seizes Newspapers to Censor an Article Man says amnesia & permanent brain damage caused by police takedown in jailcell, caught on video A Swedish woman has become the world's first to give birth after having a womb transplant, opening up the possibility for thousands of infertile women to have babies. A mass grave has been found on the outskirts the Mexican town of Iguala, where 43 students went missing on September 26th Huge majority thinks 'war on drugs' has failed, new poll finds Yemen's capital fell to a rebel group and the world hardly noticed Thai scientists have announced the discovery of a new type of antibody against the Ebola virus and claimed that it is 'more effective' than those that already exist. British Imam says beheaded aid worker Alan Henning is a national hero. Scientists have used Ebola disease spread patterns and airline traffic data to predict a 75 percent chance the virus could be imported to France by October 24, and a 50 percent chance it could hit Britain by that date. Putin Among The Surprises On Nobel Peace Prize List 86 senior executives of 2 recently nationalized Spanish banks step down after spending 15.5M euros with offthebooks credit cards given them by their banks. Israel permits Gazans to pray at Jerusalem mosque  Hundreds of Palestinians from the Gaza Strip prayed Sunday at Jerusalem's most important mosque, the first time Israel has allowed such visits from the coastal enclave since the Hamas militant group overran the area in 2007. Somalia Islamists abandon last stronghold, after an assault by Somali and African Union forces Germans set to send first troops to Ukraine since WW2 Fatalities as suicide bomber sets off explosive outside concert hall in Russias Chechnya 'Injured' ISIS Leader Abu Bakr alBaghdadi Flees Syria to Escape From US Airstrikes Italian Man Wins Cow Milking World Championship, Amid Scandal Some western leaders are turning their backs on the Dalai Lama, under pressure from rising power China Germany considers sending soldiers to eastern Ukraine. Air strikes against Isis are not working, say Syrian Kurds Washington will not be the one to decide Swedens policies, Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrm said after the US criticized Stockholms plans to officially recognize Palestine as a sovereign state. Now a second Arab nation demands a 'formal clarification' a day after Joe Biden was forced to apologize for saying that key American allies in the Mideast gave weapons and cash to ISIS extremists A strange green organism has spread around the globe, clogging up the world's rivers Italy to Shut Down Sea Rescue Operation that Saved Over 90,000 Migrants this Yr  Operation Mare Nostrum  our sea  is expensive & controversial, with opponents claiming it encourages smugglers, while Italy says it was abandoned by rest of Europe & left to deal with the problem alone. Russia Overtakes U.S. in Nuclear Warhead Deployment Islamic State document reveals plans to steal Iranian nuclear program data reports. Canada to join antiIS air strikes Mexico hit by student massacre At least 17 anticorruption protesters 'rounded up, murdered and dumped in a mass grave'  and another 26 are missing. Dubai Police Will Wear Google Glass With Facial Recognition Software to ID Crooks A female Kurdish fighter blew herself up at an Islamic State position killing a number of jihadists who have surrounded Kobane and are battling to seize it. 83,000 boo Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at sporting event. 100 disillusioned british jihadists abandon the Islamic State but they are stuck in Turkey because they are too scared to come back to Uk North and South Korea agree to talks Madrid starts fining users of Uber 'taxi' app After Barcelona announced plans to impound the vehicles of people caught using the appbased chauffeur service Uber, Madrid's regional government has launched a crackdown that will allow police to fine drivers and passengers up to 18,000 ($22,600). Concubine with Ebola causes outbreak of Ebola with Liberian soldiers. Turkish police fire tear gas point blank into BBC news car setting it alight near Syrian border Norwegian woman infected with Ebola New proposal would allow Australian intelligence agency to secretly detain citizens without charge, conduct coercive questioning, and jail them for refusing to answer questions. Mystery of 1,000yearold child's jawbone found on beach near Sydney  The jawbone of a young child discovered on a beach in Australia has been matched to a 1,000yearold skull which washed up on the same beach six years ago. No sign of Kim Jongun as North Korea welcomes home Asian Games athletes More than 200,000 Indians volunteer to join effort against Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria Russia Cancels Exchange Program After a Student Seeks U.S. Asylum CDC director To keep Ebola away, fight it in Africa Mexican officials fear mass grave holds remains of 43 students allegedly 'slaughteredy local police Netanyahu White House criticism of Israeli settlement construction is against American values Massive blast reported at suspected Iranian nuke facility NATO can put troops wherever it wants, new secretarygeneral says 2014 Nobel Prize in Medicine to John OKeefe, MayBritt Moser & Edvard Moser for discovering the brain's positioning system. A group of Cuban migrants drank their own urine and blood after the engine of their homemade boat failed, leaving them adrift in the Caribbean for three weeks without food or water. Only 15 of the 32 passengers survived, making it one of the most tragic Cuban migrant disasters in decades. Goldman Sachs 'charmed Gadaffiera sovereign wealth fund employees with girls and alcohol' in trip to Morocco 28 ISIS militants killed by Iraqi forces in Hamren, Diyali ISIS Ammunition Is Shown to Have Origins in U.S. and China Scientists discover cancerfighting berry on tree that only grows in Far North Queensland in 75 per cent of cases, the tumour disappeared and had not come back The Clorox Company voluntarily decides to disclose all ingredients in their cleaning products, which may act as allergens in certain people, despite a legal loophole allowing them to avoid doing so. We know people are interested in more sustainable products, and they want to know what's in them. Nurse 'infected with Ebola' in Spain North Korea declares 2015 year of unification, boosts readiness for allout war Trojan Horse ISIS militants coming to Europe disguised as refugees, US intelligence sources claim Indian Student facing life imprisonment for refusing to stand up during National Anthem at a movie theater Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has called for sweeping changes to Britain's idiotic policy on drugs | The Liberal Democrat leader said addiction should be treated as a health problem not a criminal issue. Great Barrier Reef dredge approval suicide for reef authority  Scientist says 'Marine Park Authority' lost its credibility & budget cuts have gutted it. Weve lost our prime place in the world as leaders of reef research; were no longer able to provide the science needed to protect it. Value of Russian ruble crashing About 100 Kurds storm into Dutch Parliament to ask attention for the ISIL advance into Kobani, Syria White House pushes back against Netanyahu, stands by rebuke of new Israeli settlements Total lunar eclipse on Wednesday will be a rare 'selenelion' Sword removed in Australian CounterTerrorism Raids turns out to be a common plastic ornament ISIS warns professors who left their jobs to return within 10 days Eight cases Marburg, a Ebolalike illness that is 80% fatal, have broken out in Uganda. A South Korean naval ship fired warning shots on Tuesday after a North Korean patrol boat crossed a disputed sea border off the peninsula's west coast and fired shots back before retreating Putin Bans Protests at Night as Controls on Dissent Grow Survivor of Mexico Student Massacre 'It Was Terrifying' NASA to put marsbound astronauts on prolonged sleep Goldman Sachs banker took Libyan fund staff on lavish trip, high court told Bulgaria Plans to Ground Its RussianMade Fighter Jets to Reassert Its Independence From Moscow ISIS just entered Koban Israel sending mobile clinics to Africa to fight Ebola Vietnamese oil tanker carrying 18 crew and 5,226 tons of oil goes missing Russia's hidden workers the slaves of Dagestan | A man who claims to have been held as a slave labourer for 18 years in Russias Northern Caucasus region has reportedly escaped. North Korea acknowledges reform camps for first time  AP 'I touched my face with gloves' nurse with Ebola Burned bodies of 28 Mexican teaching students pulled from mass graves Fortythree students went missing September 26 after they were attacked by police while commandeering buses to take them to a demonstration against cuts in funding for their school. Ugandan MP says Uganda is losing the fight against AIDS because condoms are too small for Ugandan men Japan and the United States are revising their mutual defense guidelines for the first time in nearly two decades to respond to China's military expansion and increase Japan's role in regional defense. ISIS is Cutting Off Water to Uncooperative Villages  In parched Syria & Iraq, water is a weapon India strikes 37 Pakistani outposts, kills 15 in a severe escalation of hostilities along the border Russia's finance minister has said that the country could no longer afford a multibilliondollar revamp of the armed forces approved by President Vladimir Putin, stepping up a campaign to trim spending as sanctions over the Ukraine crisis bite. Banker admits Libor fraud conspiracy. A senior banker from a UK bank has admitted conspiring to defraud over manipulating the Libor lending rate. US Air Force fighter jet crashes in UK during exercise ISIS document discloses plans to seize Iran's nuclear secrets Spanish Ebola nurse reported symptoms many times before being quarantined Teresa Romero Ramos says when she first told health authorities of her symptoms she was given only paracetamol Hackers are stealing millions from ATM worldwide using a new malware called as Tyupkin. This malware, which once installed on an ATM, allows the criminals to steal huge amounts of money by simply entering a series of codes Turkish Inaction on ISIS Advance Dismays the U.S. Russians attacked in Moscow for wearing 'Western' symbols UN official statement The world, all of us, will regret deeply if ISIS is able to take over a city which has defended itself with courage but is close to not being able to do so. We need to act now Chile's Supreme court on Tuesday suspended the development of El Morro mine owned by Canada's Goldcorp after siding with indigenous groups that oppose it on environmental grounds The UK parliament will be voting on a motion to recognise the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel on 13 October. Demonstrations break out across Iran in support of Kobani Kurds. Iran oped calls for Qods Force commander, Qassem Soleimani, to intervene to defend Kobani Syria admits it has four more chemical weapons plants, says UN official. The disclosure heightens fears Damascus has not been open about its programme and that extremist groups could seize lethal chemicals Spanish Ebola case 'I am due to treat the patient. But I have no idea what to do' Islamic State terror group identified its next target, a former U.S. Army Ranger who was captured in Lebanon last year during a relief mission to help Syrian refugees. News  Islamic State group flier claims responsibility for Gaza terror attack Canadian Parliament officially approves airstrikes against ISIS. Canadianmade Ebola vaccine moving ahead to trial stage Estonia becomes first exSoviet country to legalize samesex partnerships Ebola Cases Reach Over 8,000 Global response to Ebola has failed miserably, says World Bank chief Australian Federal Police (AFP) will now be allowed to secretly search a terrorism suspect's house, enter through an innocent neighbours property and impersonate people, under the governments antiterror bill 14 wounded as Kurds and 'radical Muslims' clash in Germany NASA is inviting the public to send their names on a microchip to destinations beyond lowEarth orbit, including Mars. Your name will begin its journey on a dimesized microchip when the agency's Orion spacecraft launches Dec. 4 on its first flight, designated Exploration Flight Test1. Canada's largest mental health and addiction treatment and research centre is calling for the legalization of marijuana, with strict controls that would govern who could buy weed, from where, and in what quantity. Phones held by police remotely wiped. All the data on some of the tablets and phones seized as evidence is being wiped out, remotely, while they are in police custody. Tokyo Electric Power Co. has warned its stricken Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant could be hit by tsunami as high as 26.3 meters and cause 100 trillion becquerels of cesium to escape Poland to honor Wikipedia with monument Chinese StateRun Media Has Started Attacking North Korea India among top 5 financial contributors to Ebola response. Hong Kong government says it has called off a meeting on Friday with student leaders of the prodemocracy movement At least 21 people were killed in riots in Turkey where Kurds rose up against the government for doing nothing to protect their kin. Turkey  Former deputy PM defends ISIL in tweet, says ISIL does not torture WHO says no signs spread of Ebola is slowing and says almost half of Ebola patients in West Africa have died warning the disease could spread Most Russians Believe Foreigners View Country Favorably, Poll Shows Lego ends Shell partnership following Greenpeace campaign Masked voice of Islamic State war criminal restored, north American accent revealed China is on the hunt for a Siberian tiger released into the wild by Russian President Vladimir Putin, state media said on Thursday, after the animal roamed across the border, likely in search of food. Nigeria succeeds at containing Ebola Queensland nurse hospitalised after showing symptoms of Ebola Sue Ellen Novack, who has been working in Sierra Leone with Ebola victims, returned to Australia on Tuesday and this morning reported a low grade fever. French archaeologists have discovered some 200,000yearold Neanderthal human remains in Normandy in an extremely rare discovery in northwestern Europe. The remains are attributable to the Neanderthal lineage  in the Middle Pleistocene era  and are aged between 236,000 and 183,000 years. Venice plans to build $180 million island to keep giant cruise ships from invading historic city Turkey imposes curfew after 18 killed in proKurdish protests 4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident. Bulgaria Rejects Russia's Charge of Disloyalty For Wanting Western Jets  Bulgaria is a member of the EU and NATO and it does not owe explanations about its sovereign decisions to third parties. About 130 football fans have been detained in Belarus after the entire stadium joined in chanting a wellknown song insulting President Vladimir Putin. After the match, they were taken to the local KGB station, on suspicion of using obscene language, and are expected to receive 5day sentences. ISIS within 8 miles of Baghdad airport, and armed with MANPADs Elephants Worth More Alive Than Dead  Tourism revenue outweighs profits from poaching. New report finds they're worth about 76 times as much alive. Tusks sell for about $21,000 on black market, whereas a live elephant brings in over $1.6 million in ecotourism dollars. Nigerian hoax 'drink lots of salt water to avoid ebola' Results in Two Deaths First Ebola Vaccine Trial Starts in Africa Thousands return to Hong Kong streets in protest Koreas 'exchange artillery fire' Liberia passes law restricting Ebola coverage, journalists can be arrested and prosecuted if they fail to get written permission before contacting Ebola patients, conducting interviews or filming or photographing healthcare facilities Twitter CEO Dick Costolo has claimed that he and his staff have received death threats from Isis Kim Jongun absent at anniversary celebration of Worker's Party of Korea  an event he usually attends. Controversial Cold Fusion Reactor Seems To Work According To Third Party Researchers. Remember that video posted by Greenpeace with a message to Lego a couple months ago? The Lego company responded by not renewing its partnership with Shell and promising to find and use an alternative to plastic by 2030. Spain Nursing staff resign from their posts to avoid treating Ebola cases 'Our youngest martyr yet'  Isil boasts about death of 10yearold  Telegraph Two police officers shot dead in Turkey as tensions rise with the local Kurdish population. Thousands in Mexico demand action over missing students Romania may nationalize Russias Lukoil refinery US Air Force Pilots Say They're Flying Blind Against the Islamic State Australian Ebola case found to be negative. Teenage girls in the Kingdom of Swaziland, South Africa, will be paid 200 rands (11) per month if they refuse to have sex, according to reports. Meat, Eggs Outlawed Indian City Becomes First Vegetarian City in the World Four more mass graves have been found near the southern Mexican town of Iguala, where 43 students went missing last month, officials say. Gorbachev hospitalised, 'determined to fight for life' We are asking Canadians living in Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia to consider leaving by commercial means while they are still available. Bones in Tomb Belong to Macedonian King Philip II, Father of Alexander the GreatHe suffered from frontal & maxillary sinusitis likely from old facial trauma. He was blinded when eye hit with arrow in siege of Methone in 354 BC. Woman warrior, likely daughter of Scythian King Ateas, is with him. David Cameron pushes for repeal of U.K.'s Human Rights Act Key Figures In CIACrack Cocaine Scandal Begin To Come Forward Canada's largest addiction and mental health center calls for the legalization of marijuana. Officials admit a defeat by Ebola in Sierra Leone, will now shift focus to training families to treat their own stricken family members at home. ISIL 'publicly executes Iraqi journalist' | Relatives of cameraman Raad alAzzawi say he was killed along with his brother and two civilians near Tikrit. German authorities track down more than 200 ISIL activists Three of UKs big four mobile phone networks are providing customer data to police forces automatically through Ripa Ancient Greek shipwreck could be largest of its kind  The 2,000yearold Antikythera shipwreck in Greece covers a far bigger area than previously thought, say marine archaeologists investigating the site. Ebola outbreak deaths exceed 4,000 Sixteen people were being monitored in a Madrid hospital for signs of Ebola on Saturday, with patient numbers rising as the Spanish government tries to contain recriminations over how it has handled the first outbreak of the disease outside Africa. Core secrets exposed NSA used undercover agents in foreign companies  To infiltrate foreign networks and gain access to sensitive systems, the NSA has deploying undercover agents in Chinese, German, South Korean and possibly even American companies Australian government's counterterrorism laws under fire by civil rights proponents Ebola crisis Death toll tops 4,000 as WHO reveals only a quarter of $1 billion financial aid target raised NSA may have undercover operatives in foreign companies, new documents show First suspected Ebola case in Brazil Emirates chief Tim Clark reveals suspicions over true fate of missing flight MH370 Russia to Import Crocodile Meat to Replace Sanctioned Pork, Beef Reports of WitchcraftRelated Child Abuse On the Rise in London, 36 rescued, 9 still missing after research ship sinks Brazil says man under observation for Ebola tests negative Russia offers India stakes in Siberian oilfields 49% share in YurubchenoTokhomskoye and 10% share in Vankor UN had Qatar pay off AlQaida fighters for release of Fiji peacekeepers Thousands of people will most likely be massacred if Kobani falls to Islamic State fighters, a U.N. envoy said on Friday. There are 700 elderly trapped in the city and 12,000 civilians who have not yet reached the border. 100000 march in Irish capital against water taxes Cure for Type 1 diabetes imminent after Harvard stemcell breakthrough An alQaeda money man was employed by the Qatari government despite being officially designated a terrorist by the US. Russia has ordered thousands of troops stationed near the Ukrainian border to return to their bases Cult members face execution after guilty verdict for beating woman to death at McDonald's in China The nine justices of Canadas highest court gather in Ottawa Wednesday to hear arguments into whether terminally ill Canadians should be granted the constitutional right to a doctorassisted death. Revenge porn to be criminal offence with threat of two years in jail UK News. Israel Starts Building 600 New Settlement Houses in East Jerusalem and seized land in the West Bank on Saturday. India evacuates 150000 people as it prepares for cyclone Hudhud to hit at 190 kilometres per hour Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud has narrowly escaped an assassination attempt by the Islamist militant group alShabaab Study finds pay squeeze in UK worst since Victorian age ...and the government says we are in recovery. ExCIA Director Leon Panetta Pakistani spy agency ISI having close ties with terrorist groups is an open secret North Korea says that peace talks are all but scrapped after both sides exchanged fire and antiPyongyang leaflets were released by the South. Finland says Russian navy interfered with Baltic Sea research vessel ISIS Openly Recruits In Indonesia Japan orders Google to 'forget' a user's past  A Japanese judge has ordered Google to remove search results of a man's unflattering past in an order the plaintiff's lawyer compared to Europe's right to be forgotten ruling. A rare Siberian tiger released into the wild earlier this year by Mr. Putin has strayed into China and may be in danger Seven witchcraft suspects burned to death in Tanzania Bolivia votes in presidential election; easy win seen for Evo Morales, a former coca farmer whose brand of indigenous socialism has expanded the role of the state in a booming economy Hong Kong's Chief Executive CY Leung has insisted China will not change its mind on the format for elections in 2017, despite weeks of protests In a TV interview, he said the protests had spun out of control and did not rule out the use of force to end them. One in seven Australians living below the poverty line, survey reveals The UK should expect a handful of Ebola cases in the coming months, the chief medical officer has said. Prodemocracy protesters rallied for a second night in Hong Kong to maintain pressure on the government after it scrapped planned talks with student leaders. Search for Missing Iraqi Cash Ended in Rural Lebanon Between $1.2 billion and $1.6 billion in Iraqi funds were stolen after the American invasion and moved to rural Lebanon, a former United States investigator said for the first time, but the trail ended there Kurds repel ISIL advance into Kobane, but issue urgent plea for support Tony Abbott says coal is good for humanity while opening mine  Coal is vital for the future energy needs of the world, so lets have no demonization of coal Denmark to ban sex with animals Turkey OK's use of airbases for US airstrikes against ISIS. Birth control pills in waste water can decimate fish populations, study warns Secret space plane X37B to finally land after record 667 days in orbit Edward Snowden state surveillance in Britain has no limits | Whistleblower and former NSA analyst says UK regulation allows GCHQ snooping to go beyond anything seen in US German deputy speaker NATO must stop Turkey support for ISIS Directors 'earn 120 times more than average employee'  Directors of the top 100 listed UK companies now earn 120 times the average sum earned by their employees, according to a report by Incomes Data Services (IDS). 1000year old Viking treasure hoard found in Scotland ISIS states its justification for the enslavement of women Millions of Voiceprints Quietly Being Harvested China, Russia sign $25 billion local currency swap Hong Kong police remove barricades, say protesters can remain The Australian government has been accused of bullying the Australian National University after criticising it for divesting from a number of fossil fuel companies UN chief Ban Israeli occupation led to Gaza war Turkey denies allowing US to use bases for antiISIS strikes Kurds hold off Islamic State in Kobani Colombian farmers sue BP over pipeline's environmental impact FT Campaign to put ecocide on a par with genocide in attempt to curb environmental destruction  Although it was one of the five core crimes covered by the Rome Statute that set up the ICC, ecocide mysteriously vanished from negotiations at the United Nations. Vatican Proposes Dramatic Shift In Attitude Towards Gays, Same Sex Couples Australian PM Tony Abbott vows to 'shirtfront' Russian president Vladimir Putin at Brisbane G20 summit Toxic fallout from US war produces record child birth defect rates in Iraq Turkish Government arms extremist groups including ISIL, AK Party founder says Qatar pledges $1B for Gaza Strip reconstruction Healthcare workers in Liberia, the country hit hardest by the Ebola epidemic, will go on strike from Monday to demand hazard pay for treating patients infected with the deadly disease, their union leader said Doctors Without Borders loses 9 medics to Ebola Protesters burn state capital building in Mexico over the disappearance of 43 young people believed abducted by local police linked to a drug cartel. Reporter shot dead while investigating illegal logging ISIS Declares Itself ProSlavery Mark Zuckerburg donates $25 million to help fight Ebola. Netherlands says OK for biker gangs to fight Islamic State Kim JongUn makes first appearance in public since 3rd September Two Air France pilots were asleep before fatal 2009 crash as one woke to say 'F**k, we're dead' Ultrasecret 'White Shroud' group striking terror in ISIS militants Richest 1% of people own nearly half of global wealth, says report Anger as wounded Syria Kurds die stranded at Turkish border He spent the next four hours watching them die, one by one, from what he believes were treatable shrapnel wounds, while Turkish border guards refused to let them through the frontier. India plans to mine Helium 3 from Moon for developing hypersonic technology. 7.4 earthquake off the coast of El Salvador. Turkish jets bomb Kurdish PKK rebels Google rejects 58% of 'right to be forgotten' requests India becomes first country in South Asia to ban import of animaltested cosmetics Mexican activist, who led Displaced Persons of Picachos group, killed on air during radio show in Mazatlan Survivors Describe Police Attack in Mexico 'If You Moved, They Fired. If You Yelled, They Fired' Ireland to close double Irish tax loophole Joe Hockey ridicules suggestion Australia is among top emitters of greenhouse gases in the OECD, despite the fact it tops the OECD rankings of greenhouse gases per capita  Treasurer emphatically rejects comment from interviewer Mexican activist gunned down during live radio broadcast Kissinger Iran Is a Natural Ally of the United States Russian Sandworm Hack Has Been Spying on Foreign Governments for Years The Ebola epidemic threatens the very survival of societies and could lead to failed states, the World Health Organization (WHO) has warned If we run and they kill us, so be it. But we have to run now. The Nigerian schoolgirls who escaped Boko Haram. The UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an unprecedented situation for which there is no plan. The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease is running faster than us and it is winning the race. Iconic 2,500 year old Siberian princess 'died from breast cancer', reveals MRI scan. Preserved by ice, the 25 year old ancient woman covered in tattoos used cannabis to cope with her ravaging illness. Hong Kong Police filmed beating protester There is an outbreak of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo that is unrelated to the outbreak in West Africa. A millionaire couple who kept a girl from Pakistan as a slave in their Salford home have been ordered to pay her 100,000 in compensation Italy lifts out of recession thanks to hookers, drugs Italy learnt it was no longer in a recession on Wednesday thanks to a change in data calculations across the European Union which includes illegal economic activities such as prostitution and drugs in the GDP measure. Lockheed Claims Breakthrough on Fusion Energy Activists use GPS to track illegal loggers in Brazil's Amazon rainforest Hitech undercover operation used GPS tracking on timber trucks for the first time, as well as satellite and aerial images to reveal extent of illegal logging in Brazilian Amazon. 1/2 Earths Wildlife Gone, Govts Meet to Save the Rest  1000s of representatives of govts, NGOs, indigenous peoples, scientists & private sector at Pyeongchang conference working to speed up a global 'Strategic Plan for Biodiversity'. Wildlife populations have declined by 52% since 1970. Ebola cases now over 8900, death toll rises to 4,447, says WHO Eccentric Billionaire Saudi Prince Warns Falling Oil Prices Could Be A 'Catastrophe' Victoria has become the first Australian jurisdiction to erase old criminal convictions of people who were prosecuted for engaging in consenting homosexual sex Planet Sees Warmest September Ever Recorded NASA USled airstrikes reduce Islamic State's oil production by 70 percent strikes are frustrating the Islamic State's ability to both sell oil on the market and produce fuel for its tanks and vehicles. This has severely hurt the jihadists' finances. US, Russia vow intelsharing on Islamic State None of the bodies found in five mass graves in southern Mexico belonged to 43 teachers college students who have been missing for nearly three weeks since a clash with police Marijuana to be grown by Italian army  in order to bring the price down Ebola outbreak killing 70 percent of victims  WHO Embryonic stem cells have been used to restore vision in a landmark study Japan Airlines flight turns back after an attempted rape US calls for major reinterpretation of international drug laws Mexico Bodies Do Not Match Lost Students Turkey Decides to Hit Kurdish Rebels Instead of ISIS France Says Will Recognize State of Palestine If Talks Fail French FM If peace talks prove impossible, we'll recognize Palestinian state Wind blows away fossil power in the Nordics, the Baltics next. The arrival of wind power on a large scale has pushed electricity prices down, eroding profitability of fossil power stations. Rhino horn demand in Vietnam drops by more than 33% in one year | Information campaign successfully changes minds of people who think rhino horn has medicinal value Don't threaten or warn us, says India to China after unveiling plans to construct roads all the way up to Chinese border to match troop and infrastructure build up by the Chinese. Doctors Without Borders We've 'Reached Our Ceiling,' Maxed Out Ebola Aid Resources Saudi Arabia to reward outstanding teachers with BMW cars and cash gifts A solar car built by Australian students has broken the electric vehicle world speed record The Islamic State militant group has been driven out of most of the northern Syrian town of Kobane, a Kurdish commander tells the BBC. Baharin Kandal said IS fighters had retreated from all areas of the border town, except for two pockets of resistance in the east. The Islamic State has seized three trucks with school textbooks for Iraqi schools at the country's border with Jordan and is demanding $108,000 for their passage Colombian farmers sue BP for $29M over land degredation  Our water has been damaged by sedimentation since the pipeline was laid & I've lost cattle. I can no longer keep pigs or chickens. We have hope & faith the high court in London will deliver justice to us. Three Dutch members of the infamous motorbike gang No Surrender have gone to Iraq to help fight ISIL. France gives China 12mhigh FireBreathing Dragon Robot to Celebrate Anniversary of Diplomatic Ties Lockheed We'll Build Compact Reactor in a Year. Caribbean Island St. Lucia No visitors from Ebolastricken nations Isis ehead their own fighters' for spying and embezzlement in Syria Kurdish Activists Stage ISIS Sex Slave Market in Central London Plane from Paris isolated in Madrid over potential ebola case A case in which 100 Colombian farmers are suing British oil giant BP for environmental damage opened in the High Court in London The Ministry of Health in Sierra Leone has announced that deadly Ebola has come to the last untouched district in the nation. Putin Vows to Protect Polar Bear Habitat as Russia Militarizes Arctic Muslim Leader Denied Entry To Jamaica In The Interest Public Safety US Strikes near Kobani have killed hundreds of Islamic State fighters Chinese medical research group claims to discover 'virological penicillin'. Plant microRNA, MIR2911, which is enriched in honeysuckle, directly targets influenza A viruses (IAV) including H1N1, H5N1 and H7N9. Hong Kong's top media official shared fake photo of beaten cop Toronto child porn case triggers scandal in Britain  Toronto police sent the British authorities the names of about 2,000 men in July 2012 as part of a sweeping investigation spanning 90 countries Officials Egyptian warplanes are bombing positions held by Islamist militias in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi Nearly 500 new female genital mutilation cases identified in England last month. Lithuania to ban sale of energy drinks to minors. WHO said Lithuania will prove to be an example for all other European Countries. Britain may use a mediaeval law dating to 1351 to charge citizens with treason if they go to fight with Islamic State insurgents in Iraq and Syria, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said. Giant inflatable 'sex toy' sculpture in Paris is meant to be a Christmas tree In a decision that could mark the end of Europes most violent neoNazi force, a Greek prosecutor has demanded that Golden Dawns entire parliamentary group stand trial for criminal offences Jamaica imposes ban on travelers from Ebolastricken countries Colombia cancels flights from West Africa because of Ebola Only 12% of drone victims in Pakistan identified as militants report Full horror of the Yazidis who didnt escape Mount Sinjar UN confirms 5,000 men were executed and 7,000 women are now kept as sex slaves Russian HIV vaccine ready for phase two clinical trials Glenn Greenwald UN Report Finds Mass Surveillance Violates International Treaties and Privacy Rights For the first time in its 500year history, visitors will see the Sistine Chapel ceiling by Michelangelo in full color. Starting this month, the Vatican is installing 7,000 LEDs to more vibrantly, fully and accurately illuminate the space than ever before. Nigeria and Boko Haram 'agree ceasefire' and are releasing the kidnapped school girls NZ is now in the UN Security Council Spanish authorities reported four new patients with suspected Ebola symptoms on Thursday, including a feverish passenger who started shaking on an Air France flight to Madrid and a Spanish priest who had recently been in Liberia. BBC to publish Google 'right to be forgotten' removals list Dark matter may have been detected streaming from the suns core ISIS captured 3 Syrian fighter planes NASAs Hubble Finds Extremely Distant Galaxy through Cosmic Magnifying Glass Pakistan court upholds blasphemy death sentence of a Christian woman Crimeans given three months to voluntarily hand in banned literature [TRANSLATION] Police launch dawn raid to clear Hong Kong protest zone Russian Defense Budget to Hit Record $81 Billion in 2015 U.S. Calls for Probe Into Beating of Political Activist by Hong Kong Police In the video, Tsang is arrested before being taken around a corner and beaten while on the ground with his hands bound by a plastic tie. Russia And China Want To Build The Longest HighSpeed Railway In The World To Connect Them All four suspected Ebola cases in Spain test negative for the disease Pope Ousts Top Vatican Judge Known For Incendiary AntiGay Comments. South Korea prepares for 10Gbps broadband; transfer 1GB file in 0.8 seconds Rome mayor defiantly registers 16 gay marriages within spitting distance of Vatican Military alert over 'foreign subs' off Stockholm Leaked details of TransPacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) negotiations reveal that Australia is pushing an approach to copyright enforcement in the region that appears to ignore broader public interest concerns in favour of the supporting rights owners Humble Spud Poised to Launch a World Food Revolution  Dutch team pioneering development of crops fed by sea water. The salttolerant potato is a game changer. We dont see salination as a problem, we see it as an opportunity. Finally, Nigeria's Kidnapped Schoolgirls Are Coming Home Nasa telescope spots galaxy 13 billion lightyears away  Telegraph Prodemocracy demonstrators in Hong Kong have retaken streets in the Mong Kok district cleared by the authorities just a few hours earlier. Iran warns that it may send military forces to Pakistan Secret space plane lands at US air force base after unknown twoyear mission Resembling a small space shuttle, the X37B landed in southern California after a 674 days in orbit on a secret missio Colombia only country to donate to UNs Ebola fund Iceland Is Experiencing Its Biggest Continuous Volcanic Eruption in Centuries Russian activist who investigated the deaths and disappearances of Russian soldiers in Ukraine has been jailed 14% Of All The Cars Sold In Norway In September Were Electric Vehicles At least 39 climbers died on a key Nepali hiking route after it was hit by major snowstorms and avalanches earlier this week, officials say. Ebola diagnosis delayed after Air Canada refuses to transport blood sample India launches air quality index to warn over dangerous pollution events Index will track eight major pollutants, after World Health Organisation said New Delhi was worlds mostpolluted city A Russian container ship carrying hundreds of tonnes of fuel has lost power and is adrift off the coast of British Columbia. There are concerns that high winds could run the vessel aground  with the potential to cause an environmental disaster. South Korean safety official dies in apparent suicide after concert tragedy US was prepared 'to use nuclear weapons against North Korea' if troops crossed border Tens of thousands take to UK streets in pay protest Palestinian leader Mahmud Abbas on Friday called on his people to prevent Israeli settlers from entering Jerusalem's flashpoint AlAqsa mosque and use all means to protect the site A Russian container ship adrift off Canada's west coast is being towed away from land The Swedish navy is chasing what could be a damaged Russian submarine in Sweden. Grandmother starves herself to death after UK's assisted suicide laws left her with 'no alternative' German Intelligence Claims ProRussian Separatists Downed MH17 Fidel Castro Offers Cubas Cooperation with USA to fight Ebola 'Beijing is like a bonfire' as runners forced to complete marathon in gas masks China says it will punish carmakers by restricting their production and publicly naming them if they fail to meet fuel consumption requirements on passenger vehicles set for 2015 ISIS Releases Training Guide on 'How to Tweet Safely, Without Giving out Your Location to NSA' German Motorcycle Club members join Dutch bikers in fight against The Islamic State South Korea fires warning shots against North Korean soldiers approaching military demarcation line Kurdish official ISIS and their flag gone from Kobane, Ypg units now are in control of the town The last critically endangered northern white rhinoceros died in reservation Ol Pejeta in Kenya. It was probably the last male of the northern subspecies capable of natural mating. The Russian defence ministry has denied reports that one of its submarines got into trouble off Sweden, sparking a military alert in the Baltic Germany plans tougher controls on wouldbe jihadists Marking personal identity cards, considering withdrawing citizenship. Russians Lose Faith in Banks as Ruble Falls and Sanctions Bite Internet trolls face up to 2 years in jail under new laws A wellknown citizen journalist who used the Twitter handle @Miut3 was reportedly kidnapped and killed Wednesday in the border city of Reynosa. Putin Offers WHO Experimental Ebola Vaccine Moody's downgrades Russia's debt 35% increase in Iran's tourism earnings since the election of Hassan Rouhani; arrivals from Europe doubled Doctor from Israel joined Islamic State, hospital confirms Ebola deaths in Liberia are far higher than reported as officials downplay epidemic Cuba is leading the international fight against Ebola. A country of 11 million people are sending their best volunteers to Africa. Under30s being priced out of the UK, says Alan Milburn. Mobility tsar says Britain is on verge of being permanently divided between haves and havenots as young miss out on recovery Experimental Canadian Ebola vaccine to be shipped to Geneva for trials A majority of Irish Senators have signed a motion calling on their Government to formally recognise the State of Palestine WHO Declares Nigeria EbolaFree After 42 Days With No Cases Pacific islanders on canoes blockade Australia coal export terminal saying fossil fuels are contributing to rising sea levels that threaten their countries' very existence Israeli President Rivlin Time to admit that Israel is a sick society that needs treatment Jack the Ripper Scientists who claims to have identified notorious killer has 'made serious DNA error' Britain is on the brink of becoming a nation permanently divided between rich and poor, poverty commission warns Press TV reporter killed in suspicious car accident in Turkey  3 days ago Turkish intelligence agency had accused her of spying Spanish nurse who became first person to contract Ebola outside Africa tests negative for the virus Paris opera ejects woman in Muslim veil after cast refuses to sing Japan 'not ready' for invasion of redbacks as venomous Australian spiders reach Tokyo U.S. tug boat rescues drifting Russian cargo ship, ending fears of an oil spill off the B.C. coast Police move to clear Occupy protesters from Parliament Square Canada develops ebola vaccine that is effective on animals  800 vials of the vaccine are being shipped to the WHO for further testing Mass surveillance of the internet by intelligence agencies is corrosive of online privacy and threatens to undermine international law, according to a report to the United Nations general assembly. Hamas claims it is rebuilding infiltration tunnels into Israel Confirmed Israel to Supply Gas to Egypt in $4 Billion Deal Ebola Liberias President writes moving letter to the world India set to become $2 trillion economy this year US airdrops arms and supplies to Kurdish opposition fighters in Syrian town of Kobani Amazon deforestation picking up pace, satellite data reveals | Data indicates 190% rise in land clearance in August and September compared with same period last year Fire exposes illegal Chinese factories in Italy Islamic State Turkey to let Iraq Kurds join Kobane fight McDonalds Says Russia Inspecting More Than 200 Outlets Swedish Navy's Rear Adm. Anders Grenstad said it had no information about any emergency messages suggesting a Russian minisubmarine had run into trouble in Swedish waters Poll 75% of Israeli Jews oppose Palestinian state on '67 lines Priests race to save manuscripts from jihadists in Iraq Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbott's daughter to be sentenced this week Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says WorldFirst, FDAApproved, Embryonic Stem Cell Clinical Trial for Diabetes is Launched, After Diabetes is Cured in Mice. Oscar Pistorius receives a prison sentence of 5 years for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp Paralysed man walks again after cell transplant  Geoff Raisman said It would be my proudest boast if I could say that no patient had had to pay one penny for any of the information we have found. 2 Biggest Tuna Fish Brands in UK Backtracking on Commitments  Leaked documents show they're likely to opt out of commitments to end FAD fishing methods. 'Thats unacceptable. It's a truly devastating method of catching tuna. It catches a huge array of species, including sharks, rays & turtles.' Sweden ready to use force to surface sub Man stones daughter to death in Daesh video CEO of oil giant TOTAL dies in crash of private jet at take off in Moscow Putin offered to divide Ukraine with Poland  Polish exminister The $103 million taxpayer funding of New Zealand's intelligence agencies is effectively a membership fee for joining the Five Eyes surveillance club with the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, according to a declassified report. Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has hit an alltime high despite years of counternarcotics efforts that have cost the US $7.6bn Former Australian PM Gough Whitlam who brought in sweeping changes that transformed Australia has died at age 98 Russia Prepares for IceCold War with Show of Military Force in the Arctic  Vladimir Putin sends troops & jets to oil & gasrich region coveted by Canada, US, Norway & Denmark The Ukrainian Army appears to have fired cluster munitions on several occasions into the heart of Donetsk, unleashing a weapon banned in much of the world into a rebelheld city with a peacetime population of more than one million Poorly paid Nepalese porters found frozen in flip flops and trainers Japanese man gets 2 year sentence for making guns using 3D printer UK wind industry sets new generation record as it nears 25 per cent power share  wind power outperformed nuclear power throughout the whole weekend and into Monday morning, and allowed a number of coal power plants to be taken offline. John Kerry praises Cuban role in Ebola fight Russia Wont Accept Terms to End Sanctions Over Ukraine Russian artist cuts off earlobe in protest at use of forced psychiatry on dissidents Known terror suspect in Canada runs over two soldiers; is gunned down by police Palestinians file UN complaint accusing settler of killing schoolgirl Sweden's Second AP Fund has just divested $116 million from oil, coal and gas companies  the first national pension fund in the world to do so South Sudan sexual violence 'rampant,' twoyearold raped U.N. Shots fired at Parliament in Canada The Obama administration has until early December to detail its reasons for withholding as many as 2,100 graphic photographs depicting US military torture of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge ordered on Tuesday. 'Why is the world allowing a holocaust to happen again?' Brave North Korean shares harrowing story of escape  Independent.ie The Walking Dead's Laurie Holden goes undercover to fight against underage sex trafficking and helps to save 55 young girls. Hungary to impose internet tax in 2015  as high as ~$0.6 per gigabyte Peace Prize Winner Malala Yousafzai to Obama ...send books instead of gunschange the world... Italian police uncover 1.7bn corporate fraud. Sweden gets two new sightings, as hunt for undersea intruder goes on Russians Pull $5 Billion Out of Banks as Ruble Plummets Man Who Killed Canadian Soldier With Car Was Radical Muslim on the RCMP watchlist Vatican Library Puts 4,000 Ancient Manuscripts Available Online For Free (500 manuscripts and 600 incunabula available now) Australian Government says, website blocking is not Web filtering. Greek archaeologists made another find on Tuesday as they unearthed the missing head of one of the two wingless sphinxes guarding the large and mysterious burial site in Amphipolis, in Greeces northeastern Macedonia region. Polands speaker backs down from claim Putin proposed dividing Ukraine Spanish nurse with ebola has been cured and given all clear. Press freedom in the Americas has 'worsened' Brazil Creates Amazon Rainforest Reserve Larger Than Delaware. The new reserve, called Alto Maues, has 6,680 square km (668,000 hectares or 1.65 million acres) of mostly untouched forests that are not known to have human presence, the Brazilian Environment Ministry said. The Ukrainian military has used cluster munitions numerous times in its conflict with proRussian separatists, likely scattering deadly bombs that did not immediately explode and putting civilians at risk, Human Rights Watch said in a new report Russians More Afraid of U.S. Than Islamic Terrorism, Survey Shows Cuban medics arrive in Liberia to fight Ebola More than 50 doctors land in Monrovia as WHO officials say they hope to develop serum from recovered patientslood. Hong Kong protests government can't deny 'something huge has happened' About 50 young Cambodians have offered to join the fight against ISIS. In return they want US help to fight the Vietnamese and liberate an island off Cambodia that's been Vietnamese for at least 150 years. Hungarian goverment plans to introduce a ~0.5EUR/GB Internet tax next year for all ISPs Teenagers' heavy cannabis use 'impairs intelligence' 17thC. Dutch Warship Discovered Off the Coast of TobagoHuis de Kreuningen, largest ship in fleet, sunk by the Glorieux March 3, 1677 battling invading French fleet in Caribbean. To find the Huis de Kreuningen undiscovered & untouched for over 300 yrs was an exciting moment. 'We are a proud democracy, a welcoming and peaceful nation, and a country of open arms and open hearts. We are a nation of fairness, justice and the rule of law. We will not be intimidated into changing that'.  Justin Trudeau  Canadian MP North Korea has banned all tourism in the country in fear of Ebola outbreak 'Canada will never be intimidated,' PM Stephen Harper addressed the Nation. Former Blackwater guards found guilty in 2007 shootings of Iraqis Suspected gunman in downtown Halifax, Canada. Schools and businesses on lockdown. A Saudi court has sentenced 13 people to prison for plotting an attack against U.S. forces. Artifacts Dating Back Thousands of Yrs Destroyed by ISIS Militants in Iraq  What it hasn't destroyed, ISIS is selling on black market. 1000s of yrs before birth of Christ, people of Mesopotamia mastered 1st writing system, mathematics, astronomy, literature & law. Mexican Prosecutor Says Mayor, Wife Ordered Attack on Students Ottawa shooting SergeantatArms Kevin Vickers hailed a hero for shooting rampaging gunman China furious after Kenny G appears to back Hong Kong protesters Iran, Russia create joint operations headquarters to fight the Islamic State Mexico's government has ordered the arrest of the mayor of the southern town of Iguala, where six people died and 43 students disappeared after clashing with local police last month. South Sudan women suggest sex strike to end civil war Fighters scrambled as Russian spy plane violates Estonian air space Senior AlQaeda jihadist urges ISIS to free U.S. hostage who gave him medical treatment Chinas coal use is actually dropping for the first time this century Facebook paid no UK corporation tax for the second year in a row in 2013, while employees received shares in the company worth tens of millions of pounds. Hamas, Islamic Jihad salute Jerusalem terror attack US condemns 'despicable' Jerusalem terror attack that killed baby, injured 7 others Saudi kings nephew admits to Riyadh support for ISIL U.N. rights watchdog calls for open elections in Hong Kong Boeing sells first parts to Iran since 1979 Spanish Woman Who Beat Ebola Mourns for Her Slain Dog Human Rights Watch releases fresh report detailing the 'Exploitation of Female Migrant Domestic Workers in the United Arab Emirates.' With no labor law protections for domestic workers, employers can, and many do, overwork, underpay, and abuse these women. Denmark provides an additional 10 million kroner, overall reaching 74 million kroner donated to the ongoing Ebola crisis in west Africa U.S. threatens sanctions on buyers of ISIS oil Canada attack 'not linked to IS' Poll 74 percent of Denmark's citizens want to outlaw circumcision World's Longest Snake Has Virgin Birth1st Recorded in Species  We didn't know what we were seeing. We had attributed it to stored sperm. I guess sometimes truth is stranger than fiction. Lebanese MP Nicolas Fattoush repeatedly punches office worker, in front of many witnesses, after she refuses to let him jump a queue. He is being allowed to keep his job and no charges are to be brought. Since church ministers declared Ebola was a plague sent by God to punish sodomy in Liberia, the violence towards gays has escalated. They're even asking for the death penalty. We're living in fear, Sixty more women and girls reported kidnapped in Nigeria Canada to toughen terror laws Poland bans junk food in schools A 45,000yearold leg bone from Siberia has yielded the oldest genome sequence for Homo sapiens on record  revealing a mysterious population that may once have spanned northern Asia. Russian President Vladimir Putin criticised on Friday what he called the United States' unilateral diktat in global affairs and said the socalled winners of the Cold War wanted a new world order that suited only them. Microsoft Cofounder Paul Allen Donates $100M to Fight Raging Ebola Epidemic  Paul Allen oneupped his good friend, cofounder and former CEO Bill Gates, with an even bigger donation The largest city in Brazil is running dangerously low on water Drug mule left to die in airport over Ebola fears UK computer users who damage national security could face jail  Govt. plan for computer users deemed to have damaged national security, human welfare, the economy or the environment to face a life sentence has been criticised by experts who warn it could be used to target legitimate whistleblowers Canadian Broadcasting Corporation stonewalled Snowden story, says Greenwald ISIS School of Jihad trains small children how to behead, torture and use AK47s Russian president Vladimir Putin says West to blame for Ukraine crisis, US trying to 'remake the whole world' Heavy clashes between the Syrian Army and the Islamic State resulted in a defeat for the Islamic State in Eastern Reef Homs and the Syrian Army took over an Oil well Worldfirst dead heart transplant at Sydneys St Vincents Hospital a game changer Muslim groups fear angry response from Canadian public China Launches First Privately Funded Moon Mission Today Vitaly Churkin, Russias Permanent Representative to the United Nations has announced that Russia will back a resolution calling for a Palestinian state, if one is presented. Russia still has troops in Ukraine, NATO says Queensland government passes legislation that will see people who attack nurses, doctors, and paramedics face a 14 year jail term Egypt has just suffered a terrorist attack resulting in the deaths of 25 soldiers. Indian Air Force asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones as these are believed to be transferring data to their servers in China and could be a security risk Russia's clocks go back for the last time on Sunday as it adopts winter hours permanently 'Darth Vader' goes to polls in Ukraine and wants to turn state into 'galactic empire' Canada Parliament Shooting SgtatArms Kevin Vickers ran to pillar that gunman was hiding behind, dove sideways around it, and shot gunman at pointblank range. Israeli Soldiers kill 14 year old American Teen in the West Bank. Iran hangs woman, defying international campaign  Reyhaneh Jabbari is executed for killing a man she said attacked her and tried to rape her Peshmerga entered the strategic town (Zumar), Killing more than 80 IS militants Missing students' classmates want Mexico governor ehind bars' Google Executive Shatters Felix Baumgartner's Skydiving Record So Paulo running out of water as rainmaking Amazon vanishes. South Americas biggest and wealthiest city may run out of water by midNovember if it doesnt rain soon. We Have A Deal European Union Agrees To Cut Its Emissions 40 Percent By 2030 India picks Israel's Spike antitank missile over U.S. Javelin London's electric car infrastructure falling into ruin Pakistan and Iran exchange mortar fire on border Secret files show MI5 spying on academics ISIS Plants Flag On Hill Near Kobane, Coalition Airstrike Takes It Out We won't pay, furious Cameron tells EU over surprise budget 'We did not start this' Putin accuses United States of damaging world order Russia 'helped Yanukovych to flee' 16 killed in China coal mine collapse. Another 11 miners were injured in the disaster that struck just before midnight Friday in Tiechanggou township outside the Xinjiang regional capital of Urumqi. 21 nations agree to set up Chinaled regional bank Freelance reporter Aung Kyaw Naing killed while in custody of Burmese military ISIS uses chlorine gas in battle after seizing the chemical from overrun water purification plants Grave Robbers Plunder Ancient Danish Burial Sites Dating Back 4,000 Yrs  It's a disaster. Grave robbers have ruined part of Denmark's history. Artifacts like stone axes, jewelry & pottery taken. Last time Denmark graves were robbed was in 1890s. Panic as clown terror spreads to southern France  A wave of panic sparked by evil clowns stalking French towns has spread to the south of France where police on Saturday night arrested 14 teenagers dressed as the pranksters, carrying pistols, knives and baseball bats Indigenous Communities Take Chevron to Global Court for 'Crimes Against Humanity' Chevron has repeatedly refused to pay the $9.5 billion ordered by Ecuadorian courts and even took the step of removing most of its assets from Ecuador in an apparent effort to avoid paying President Vladimir Putin calls on Israel to halt the construction of settlements and he added that the humiliation of the Palestinian people and any other people is a source of danger and instability and must be removed with all means and ways acceptable to all parties. Registered gun owners in the United Kingdom are now subject to unannounced visits to their homes under new guidance that allows police to inspect firearms storage without a warrant Family supper of deadly pufferfish leaves 11 paralyzed and fighting for life Twentyfour European banks have failed stress tests of their finances, the European Banking Authority has announced. The banks now have nine months to shore up their finances or risk being shut down. India offers to help Pakistan eradicate polio infection Afghan mullah jailed for rape of 10yearold girl Number of Islamic extremists growing in Germany The last UK military base in Afghanistan has been handed over to the control of Afghan security forces Illusion over, France has lost unemployment battle, says Labour Minister  France India likely to strike deal with Vietnam for oil exploration Powerful New Microscope Allows Scientists To View The World Like Never Before South Korea Activists Launch AntiKim Balloons Despite Pyongyang's Threat Of War Islamic State Kurdish forces retake town near Mosul dam; Iraqi troops seize stronghold south of Baghdad Uruguay votes for new president to succeed Jose Mujica Australian surgeons perform first successful 'dead heart' transplants Army battles Islamist militants in Lebanese city of Tripoli One Million Protesters Gather in Rome Against Government's Labor Market Reforms Report Egypt to create buffer zone with Gaza Three Turkish soldiers shot dead in 'terrorist' attack New South Wales principals are being urged to monitor students' actions and consider reporting antisocial behaviour to police amid heightened fears of teenagers becoming involved with terrorist groups Ruble and rial are going to replace the US dollar in bilateral transactions between Iran and Moscow. Following attacks on its troops, Egypt indefinitely closes Rafah border crossing to Gaza Critical NASA Science Returns to Earth aboard SpaceX Dragon Spacecraft Protest against the world's first internet tax in Hungary A disabled 12 yearold girl in the UK has been 'allowed to die' after a court case fought by her parents made legal history Oil price will fall to $70 a barrel in 2015, Goldman Sachs says 4 Banks, Including JPMorgan, Fined in Europe Over Cartel Behavior Last US Marines, British combat forces officially end operations in Afghanistan after 13 years The federal government is shamelessly exploiting last weeks extremist attacks to dismantle liberties and core principles of justice, says journalist Glenn Greenwald. Harper Named World's 'Worst Climate Villain' After Damning Report Police cars overturned, Watercannon used as 5000 AntiIslamic Rioters take to Central Cologne German spies warn ISIS has antiaircraft rockets to shoot down passenger jets Embedding Is Not Copyright Infringement, EU Court Rules  The Court ruled that embedding copyrighted videos is not copyright infringement, even if the source video was uploaded without permission. The Vatican is digitizing thousands of its rarest texts | News Tesla boss Elon Musk warns artificial intelligence development is 'summoning the demon' Rwanda bans BBC over genocide film Australian teenager in ISIL video an 'idiot', says family New blotter test can spot Ebola in 30 minutes Dilma Rousseff reelected Brazil's president Lithuania's first floating LNG terminal breaks Russian monopoly Japan vows to continue its whaling program, despite an international ruling ordering it to stop Israel okays over 1000 new settler units Iranian President Rouhani says most severe punishment awaits perpetrators of acid attacks against Iranian women as government appoints probe chief to lead investigation Woman beheaded for killing ISIS member who attempted to rape her Belarus Wants to Criminalize Unemployment A 20year old Spanish kid pretended to be a government official, infiltrated the Spanish political elite. Israeli president calls 1956 massacre of Arabs a 'terrible crime' ProDemocracy Movements Vote in Hong Kong Abruptly Called Off Nobel Peace Prize Winners Want Barack Obama to Release Torture Report Heroin use is so high in Myanmar that syringes now serve as currency  Along parts of the MyanmarChina border, where heroin addiction is appallingly common, fresh needles are now so coveted that shopkeepers dispense them as change. Pope says evolution doesn't mean there's no God; In an address to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, the Pope explains that God is not some sort of wizard. North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un Purges 10 Officials From His Ruling Workers Party for Watching South Korean Soap Operas, Yonhap Says 90% of journalists' murderers across the world get away with it  report ANYONE who forces a child to wear a burqa in public could be jailed for a year and fined $68,000, under a draft law to be introduced by Jacqui Lambie. Mexico unearths 'second mass grave' US banks vow not to fund Great Barrier Reef coal port  US banking giants Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, & JPMorgan Chase are latest big financiers to rule out funding a major coal port expansion in Queensland, activists say Fiveyearolds learn coding as Britain eyes digital future Nigeria sues CocaCola for halffilled cans In historic Ukraine election, the Communist Party fails to gain a single Parliament seat Japanese scientists warn that volcano near a nuclear power plant is ready to erupt Irish politician to take abortion pill in Dublin in defiance of Republics ban U.S. says Israel's decision to push forward housing plan in East Jerusalem is 'incompatible with peace' EU says future ties with Israel hinge on engagement to peace based on two states Russia to recognize election results of separatist Ukraine regions Ethiopia ruthlessly targeting and torturing Oromo people, says Amnesty | Damning report says thousands of people from countrys largest ethnic group subjected to abuse including rape and killings 1,800 radical German Muslims now in Syria, Iraq Three lawyers in Saudi Arabia have been handed prison sentences of up to eight years for criticizing the countrys judiciary on social media. Netanyahu Israel will build in all of Jerusalem Protection plan 'will not save Great Barrier Reef' John Tory elected as Toronto's new mayor, replacing Rob Ford U.S. and Israeli defense chiefs agree on deal for second F35 squadron Claims emerge of 'secret sex room' at top Jakarta school Lloyds Bank confirms 9,000 job losses and branch closures 4 Banks, Including JPMorgan, Fined in Europe Over Cartel Behavior For 23rd time, U.N. nations urge end to U.S. embargo on Cuba Scientists Discover Huge Bathtub Ring Of Oil On Sea Floor From BP Spill Mexico Is Ready to Explode Fifty thousand marchers thronged Mexico City's main avenues last Wednesday, and demonstrations took place all over the country... protesters set fire to state headquarters in Chilpancingo, Guerrero's capital, and are sacking supermarkets and shopping centers Poor Countries Tap Renewables at Twice the Pace of Rich  Clean energy is the lowcost option in a lot of these countries, Zindler said by telephone. The technologies are costcompetitive right now. Not in the future, but right now. Around 100,000 Hungarians rally for democracy as internet tax hits nerve Most Canadians Say Environment Trumps Energy Prices. And more than half, or 53 percent of respondents, said the government should impose a new tax on businesses based on their carbon emissions Russia offers the US help with space station after rocket explodes Tasmanias AntiProtest Law is One of the WorstDrafted Pieces of Legislation Ive Seen, Former Supreme Court Justice Says  Mining, agriculture, construction, & forestry are being protected from protesters by the state govt 'British Schindler' aged 105, who saved 669 children from the Nazi's, awarded White Lion honour in Prague today. German exports to Russia have collapsed by more than 25% Germany develops 'smart factories' to keep an edge Germany is building completely automated smart factories that require no human workers. ISIS spotted with advanced antiaircraft missile systems, raising threat to US air campaign. India uncovers suspected plot to assassinate Bangladeshi PM Security officials Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is a chickenshit prime minister, a senior U.S. official has told Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic. Pope says he's not Communist, just following Gospel. President of Zambia dies in London hospital Secular party set to win Tunisia elections Abbot Point Dumping Spoil in Wetlands Study Not Needed, Environmental Minister Greg Hunt Says  Environmental assessment will instead use paperwork from old plan to dump it on Great Barrier Reef. Accused of fasttracking project in internationally significant Caley Valley wetlands. Up to 200 Syrian rebels from the Free Syrian Army have arrived in Kobane to help Kurdish fighters fight ISIS NASA's Antares rocket explodes shortly after launch Egyptian authorities on Tuesday ordered residents living along the country's eastern border with the Gaza Strip to evacuate so they can demolish their homes and set up a buffer zone to stop weapons and militant trafficking between Egypt and the Palestinian territory, officials said. Egypt begins work on demolishing hundreds of homes to create Gaza buffer zone Erdogan to unveil Turkey's controversial new presidential palace. An immense project built at a reported cost of $350 million, it has an area of 200,000 square metres, 1,000 rooms and architecture that is supposed to marry modernism and the traditions of the mediaeval Seljuk dynasty. Fewer Russians Ready to ReElect Putin, Poll Shows British Spies Allowed to Access U.S. Data without a Warrant Amelia Earhart Plane Fragment Identified Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm Found Guilty in Hacking Trial Canadian Politician, Thomas Mulcair Shooter was a criminal, not a terrorist. Number of global billionaires has doubled since the financial crisis. NATO Intercepted 19 Russian Military Aircraft Today DETAILS of every phone call, email and internet page visited in Australia will be stored for at least two years under the Federal Governments next round of counterterror laws. BBC refuses to include Green party in general election TV leader debates | Politics Finland flies alongside NATO missions to intercept Russian jets Allegations of mass SAT cheating delay test scores in China and South Korea, a year and a half after the College Board canceled a scheduled exam in South Korea because of allegations of widespread cheating Ebola jumps to 13,703 cases. 30% increase in 4 days says WHO. Drones Spotted Over 7 French Nuclear Sites, Says EDF  Drone activity was detected at 4 sites on the same day Oct 19. Turkish president Erdogan unveils his new palace of a thousand rooms BraziltoPortugal Cable Shapes Up as AntiNSA Case Study The Telebrasplanned cable, which will run 3,500 miles from the Brazilian city of Fortaleza to Portugal, shows how losses to U.S. technology companies from the NSA disclosures are now crystallizing. India plans second Mars mission in 2018 US official calls Netanyahu chickenshit; Israeli lawmaker calls US a third world country ISIS executes 50 local tribal leaders who had allied with the Iraqi government and were helping to organise antiISIS operations UN condemns Israeli settlement expansion Volkswagen to launch over 20 green vehicle models in China by 2018. China has set a target of putting 5 million green vehicles on roads by 2020 A Syrian army helicopter dropped two barrel bombs on a refugee camp in the northern province of Idlib, residents say, with footage posted on YouTube showing charred and dismembered bodies of women, children and burning tents while people scrambled to save the wounded. Syrian army helicopter drops two barrel bombs in 'massacre' of refugees ISIS Executed 600 Inmates From a Prison Outside Mosul China to Invest $1 Billion in Russian Solar Energy Poland to Shift Thousands of Troops to Eastern Borders Apple unable to use 'iWatch' name due to Irish trademark. Ottawa shooting not terrorism, says (Opposition Leader) Thomas Mulcair Hungary internet tax cancelled after mass protests Indian government bars first class travel, fivestar hotel meetings for bureaucrats and have been asked to use videoconferencing instead to reduce expenditure on them For 3 days starting in 1 week, 8,000 glowing balloons are being installed across 10 miles of Berlin  these floating orbs will follow the former path of the Berlin Wall, commemorating the 25th anniversary of its fall. Eleven countries studied, one inescapable conclusion  the drug laws dont work A Russian action film star is in hot water after he was caught on film wearing press gear while firing a machine gun toward Ukrainian lines with Moscowbacked rebels at Donetsk airport Israel foreign minister says sweden should understand that the middle east is more complicated that ikea furniture Report Child sexual exploitation now a 'social norm' in parts of Greater Manchester Hundreds of Iraqi tribesmen opposed to Islamic State found in mass graves Russia simulated an attack on Denmark Israeli authorities say they have decided to reopen the Al Alqsa Mosque for Muslim worshippers on Friday. Egypt clears a neighborhood to create a buffer with Gaza The Islamic State group is conducting a purge, killing dozens of former policemen and soldiers living in areas of Iraq under its control, in a campaign apparently aimed at preventing any uprising against its extremist rule. UK lawmakers debate drug policy as study backs decriminalization crime prevention minister Norman Baker agreed that a new approach is needed to combating drug I think the evidence personally is so overwhelming that the present status quo is not tenable. Israel recalls Sweden ambassador in protest of Palestine recognition US Military Sets New Record for World's Fastest Microchip 700yearold zombie virus shows climate change could unleash ancient diseases Islamic State militants drove 600 Shia, Christian, and Yazidi male prisoners into the desert, and executed them at point blank range. 'Scary clown' craze hits Spanish city Middle East Goes Monty Python on ISIS Arab standup comics, and even an Iraqi TV show, regularly mock ISIS mercilessly. It might get them killed, but it might be worth it. Ozone hole layer remains size of North America, Nasa data shows Spanish lawmakers annoyed Google on Thursday by passing a law that allows media organisations to charge the Internet giant for the right to reproduce their news content Burkina Faso's president declares state of emergency amid violent protests at his bid to extend his 27year rule 50 nations, including China and US, back Modi's call for International Yoga Day China to send elite army unit to help fight Ebola in Liberia Regreening Program to Restore 1/6 of Ethiopia's Land  Tree & shrubplanting program has transformed degraded & deforested land across Africa, with Ethiopia planning to restore a further 15m hectares by 2030 Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo Crashes During Flight Test China completes first mission to moon and back Ebola situation in Sierra Leone is catastrophic and vastly underreported  There are several villages and communities that have been basically wiped out. In one of the villages I went to, there were 40 inhabitants and 39 died. The Amazon rainforest has degraded to the point where it is losing its ability to benignly regulate weather systems, according to a stark new warning from one of Brazils leading scientists India to start destroying stockpile of illegal wildlife items such as tiger pelts, ivory to demonstrate country's commitment towards protection of the environment The UK government has admitted for the first time that its intelligence agencies can access data collected by other international agencies about UK citizens without a warrant Three U.S. citizens last seen with police in Mexico are found dead Russia warns its coming for Arctic oil, including an area Canada claims as its own Gaza Rocket Hits Southern Israel, Despite CeaseFire About 80 suspicious fishing boats have been spotted in waters around Torishima island, one of islands which belong to the Izu Islands. These vessels are considered to be Chinese boats, poaching valuable jewelry coral. 8 Convicted for Alleged SameSex Wedding in Egypt As Part of a Crackdown by Authorities Against Gays and Atheists. The campaign also targets liberal and prodemocracy activists and violators of a draconian law on street protests More drones spotted over French nuclear power stations. French authorities detect drones over two nuclear power plants, the latest in a baffling series of incidents across the country Scientists with the Mexican government announced Wednesday the discovery of three new chambers at the end of a tunnel under the ancient city of Teotihuacan. Portugal scrambled F16 jet fighters for the second time this week on Friday to intercept Russian bombers in the international air space along its coast in a new sign of an unusual burst of Russian activity next to NATO's southern borders BBC refuses to make Top Gear apology over Argentina row Egypt court sentences eight men to three years in prison for appearing in a video alleged to be of a gay marriage. 51 countries declare banking secrecy obsolete, sign pact in Berlin 40,000 illegal immigrants arrested or deported since start of 2014 by Greek Coast Guard  We are opposed to the concept of open borders as 2,500 Coast guards conduct patrols in the Aegean Bulgarian Parliament Rejects Plan to Bail Out Corporate Bank Anticorruption investigators in China have confirmed the reported seizure of the equivalent of $33m in cash at an official's home Afghan first lady backs French veil ban Missing Nigerian schoolgirls 'married off'. Boko Haram chief denies ceasefire claim and says kidnapped schoolgirls have converted to Islam and married. Chechen conscripts begin to be drafted into Russian army first time since 1990s Yen slides to 7year low in London Slandering Tutankhamun?  Results of virtual autopsy trigger anger of Egyptian Egyptologist  His face is markedly different from the golden mask & statues. He was not a proud Pharaoh or strong leader as he was a young boy who was frail & weak. Southafrica arrests two vietnamese having 41 kilos of rhinohorns in their bags on their way to Hanoi, Vietnam Pope Francis 'Caring for the poor does not make you a communist' Australia to introduce legislation to track illegal downloads by forcing ISP's to store and make accessible all user metadata. Lithuania enacts ban on energy drinks for minors, in global first Egypt finds hundreds more tunnels from Gaza Canadian government blatantly Photoshopped U.S. images to include a nonexistent Canada logo on the International Space Station Fossil fuels 'must go by 2100'  The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Bangladesh power cut plunges millions into darkness The national grid collapsed so the whole country lost power... Defiant Rome mayor refuses to invalidate samesex marriages Saudi women's rights activist arrested for 'insulting Islam' This is apartheid! Israeli minister blasts bus segregation for Palestinians In 2014, countries are still paying off debt from World War One Chief Rabbi of Israel meets with senior Muslim cleric in joint call for an end to violence in Jerusalem Kiev claims 'intensive' movements of troops crossing from Russia Smog Is Driving Tourists Away From China, Report Says Sir Richard Branson admits future of space tourism project is in doubt. Dream will live on only if engineers can identify and overcome cause of fatal accident. Gaza cut off from the world as Israel and Egypt close border crossings Putins Friend Profits in Purge of Schoolbooks the number of approved textbooks for Russias 14 million schoolchildren had been slashed by more than half, threatening the livelihoods of many publishers. But one with close ties to President Vladimir V. Putin profited handsomely Organizers say at least 100,000 people are marching against Ireland's new tax on water, a charge imposed as part of the country's successful exit from an international bailout Indian Supreme Court Cut Power and Water Supply to Factories Polluting the Ganges River China to build airfield in Antarctica Canada wont issue visas to residents of countries with widespread Ebola China & Russia stop international attempt to create worlds largest ocean sanctuary in Antarctica as both nations eye the regions rich reserves of fish & krill  China challenged almost every conservation mandate that was presented. Pay rise for 60,000 workers after surge in firms signing up to living wage | Rate to be increased on Monday while list of living wage employers passes 1,000, including Google, Barclays and ITV UN report Climate change has permanently ruined farmland the size of France