 European Parliament passes strong net neutrality law, along with major roaming reforms Australia's government is considering making it illegal to boycott a company for environmental reasons EU votes net neutrality into law, abolishes mobile roaming charges Blocking and throttling Internet traffic will become illegal in the European Union following a parliamentary vote on Thursday ... The package also abolishes roaming charges for mobile phone use in the EU. Massive 7.8 earthquake (aftershock of yesterdays 8.2 quake) just hit 40km from Iquique, Chile. Damage and injuries are very likely to occur. [Live updates in article] Norwegian skydiver almost hit by a meteorite (caught on tape) US secretly created 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest and undermine government US Food Aid Already Being Sold on Black Market Websites in Ukraine  US sent 300,000 food rations to the Ukrainian army, some of which are now going for a dollar a meal on the web. NASA suspends collaboratation with Russia (except for ISS) over the situation in Ukraine Russia signs economic development and trade deal with North Korea North Korean intelligence official tells of aborted coups and assassination attempts One of only a handful of North Korean intelligence officials ever to have escaped the country paints a dark portrait of plotting and factions in Pyongyang Billionaire Ukrainian industrialist indicted in Chicago on bribery charges for participating in an international racketeering conspiracy involving at least $18.5 million in bribes to government officials in India to allow the mining of titanium minerals 1/4 of Europe's Bumblebees, Vital to Crops, Face Extinction NATO's Europe plans alarm Russia. Majority of Russians and Americans View Each Other's Country Negatively, Polls Show Syria says Russia reestablishing multipolar world Switzerland snubs U.S. effort to sanction Russian billionaires Saudi Arabia labels atheists as terrorists South Africa's government will distribute coloured and flavoured condoms among students to end condom fatigue, the health minister has said. Iran, Russia working to seal $20 bln oilforgoods deal  sources The FBI has completed of review of the inhome flight simulator that belonged to the captain of the missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jet and found nothing suspicious whatsoever. Despite having been given $50 million in aid by Russia back in 2009, in retaliation for Russia taking over Crimea, the tiny Pacific microstate of Tuvalu scrapped its recognition of the Russian protectorates of South Ossetia and Abkhazia and established diplomatic relations with Georgia. South Korea investigates two suspected North Korean drones, containing a camera which has aerial pictures of Seoul and military bases along the west of the border Mexico's government has taken down almost the entire leadership of one of the country's most vicious drug cartels, but it can barely savor victory amid rising violence around the capital Armed men abduct Chinese, Philippine women from Malaysia resort reports Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson banned from flying to US after admitting drug use NASA detects ocean inside Saturn Moon, potential home for extraterrestrial microbes McDonald's Closes Crimea Restaurants  Offers to relocate staff who wish to move to Ukraine. Ukraine detains 12 riot police on suspicion of 'mass murder' The White House confirms a US government aid agency was behind a textmessage service that was allegedly designed to foment unrest in Cuba On Sunday, Nigeria will overtake South Africa and become Africa's biggest economy. Russia furious at Hitler comparison  The German finance minister's comparison of Crimea's takeover with the Nazi annexation of Sudetenland in 1938 has incensed Russia. German Chancellor Angela Merkel distanced herself from the statement. CIA torture report Dianne Feinstein called its findings shocking and the CIA's behavior in stark contrast to our values as a nation Crimea no more McDonald's or methadone after annexation Russia's annexation of Crimea sees shutdown of fast food chain and discontinuation of methadone programme for drug users U.S. Pushes Canada to Loosen Privacy Laws North Korean drones are analyzed, they contained pictures of Seoul, military bases in Baekryong island, and the Presidential residence. South Korean military denied their origins in March 24th, when one of the drones were initially found. Report FIFA threatens to expel Israel over restrictions on Palestinians Germany opens hearings on U.S. spying Over 10,000 march in Montreal against austerity; preelection protest was declared illegal as it began Korea's Largest Broadcaster Bans Pop Group Song For Using A Japanese Word South Korean Chaebol buying vast swathes of land in Canada to resurrect the extinct Mammoth U.S. warns China not to attempt Crimeastyle action in Asia Japan's biggest online retailer, Rakuten, ends whale meat sales Turkish court lifts YouTube ban A Mongolianflagged cargo ship has sunk off the southern coast of South Korea, with most of the 16 North Korean crew members on board missing, and two dead bodies recovered. Apparently separate outbreak of Ebola discovered in Liberia; reports of infection spreading to Mali. Canadianborn journalist Kathy Gannon wounded, AP photographer killed on assignment in Afghanistan | CTV News Ocean discovered on Enceladus may be best place to look for alien life US allegedly denies VISA to german activist for criticism of the TTIP freetrade agreement. China should not doubt the U.S. commitment to defend its Asian allies and the prospect of economic retaliation should also discourage Beijing from using force to pursue territorial claims in Asia in the way Russia has in Crimea, a senior U.S. official said on Thursday [3 April 2014]. Cambridge University Press refuses to publish book on Putin and his 'croniesecause of libel fears Japan cancels whaling hunt in Antarctic first time for 25 years The United States on Friday [4 April 2014] criticized proposals to build a European communication network to avoid emails and other data passing through the United States, warning that such rules could breach international trade laws. China Wants To Close 1,725 Coal Mines By The End Of This Year as one aspect of an effort to get coal down to 65 percent of Chinas energy mix by the end of this year MH370 Chinese search vessels discovers pulse signal in Indian Ocean Afghan voters defy Taliban, cast their ballots for a new president, regional councils  As polls opened amid threats of violence and lingering memories of fraud, Afghan voters turned out on Saturday morning to choose a president who will lead them into the postAmerican era in Afghanistan Christian couple in eastern Pakistan sentenced to death over lasphemous' text message Germany Opens Hearings On NSA Spying, Want To Offer Safe Passage For Snowden To Come To Berlin Bananageddon Millions Face Hunger As Deadly Fungus Decimates Global Banana Crop  Disease spreads from Asia to Africa and may already have jumped to crucial plantations in Latin America Frances newly elected farright mayors will reinstate school cafeteria menus featuring pork in the cities they govern, the National Front partys leader, Marine Le Pen, announced on Friday. A volcano just south of Ecuador's capital Quito has erupted, creating a spectacular plume of ash, 10km (six miles) high. Two drug tunnels, with rail systems, found at U.S.Mexico border North Korea tells world 'wait and see' on new nuclear test Ukraine rejects Russia Gazprom gas price hike Ukraine's interim prime minister said the price Russia was demanding was the highest in Europe (raised by 81% to $485.50), and that Ukraine was prepared to continue to buy at the previous rate of $268.50. U.S. will not stand in way of Scottish independence Salmond Erdogan Our national and moral values being disregarded as Turkey Court lifts Twitter ban Flooded Solomon Islands hit by 6.0 earthquake. (16 Confirmed deaths) Declassified Hours after a plane carrying the UN secretary general, Dag Hammarskjld, crashed over central Africa in September 1961, the US ambassador to Congo sent a cable to Washington claiming that the aircraft could have been shot down by a Belgian mercenary pilot. Ukraine servicemen leave Crimea, 8,000 join Russia instead of going back Japan quietly deploys destroyer in response to N. Korea's missile launch. India successfully launches navigation satellite IRNSS1B, closer to GPS alternative North Korea says US 'hellbent on regime change' 4,500 yearold path discovered near Galway Bay used by Celts Putin Defies Obama in Syria as Arms Fuel Assad Resurgence A Liberian bushmeat trapper who died of Ebola caught the virus despite living far away from the epicentre of the current epidemic in Guinea, raising fears of multiple concurrent outbreaks of the haemorrhagic fever. Angry mob attacks Ebola treatment centre in Guinea EU unhappy with Australia's decision to drop climate change from the G20 agenda Drone killings case thrown out in US  A US federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed against the government by the families of three American citizens killed by drones in Yemen, saying senior officials cannot be held personally responsible for money damages for the act of conducting war. Australian public servants will be urged to dob in colleagues posting political criticism of the Abbott government on social media, even if the comments are anonymous, under new Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet guidelines North Korea wants our television Under Kim Jongun, TV is pretty grim. But now the Supreme Leader is considering sampling the delights of Top Gear, Tinky Winky and Doctor Who BBC ProRussians storm government office in Donetsk, East Ukraine World's Oldest Decimal Times Table Found in China The newly deciphered multiplication table, written on bamboo strips dated to 310 B.C., was more sophisticated than earlier versions. Uganda police raid HIV project for 'homosexuality training' 109 killed during Afghan elections A Recovering US Is Outpacing Other Major Economies  NPR Ebola virus in Guinea most aggressive, near totally fatal Israeli forces demolish Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem US Response to Crimea Worries Japan's Leaders Finns have concerns over Russian nuclear power plant Israel warns Palestine of unilateral action Prime Minister Netanyahu says Israel will take action against the Palestinians, if they press ahead with statehood. Massive corruption at Ukraine's Naftogaz funnelled through western banks Ebola clinic in Guinea evacuated after attack The science spacecraft launched from Virginias coast last year has been orbiting the moon for months and is about to conclude its mission with a crash into the lunar surface. Afghanistan presidential election hit by unexpected problem  too many voters. Former ABN Banker, Wife, Daughter Found Dead at Home In Yemen Pentagons armed drones have stopped flying, a result of the ban on American military drone strikes imposed by the government there after a number of botched operations Farright youth movement seeks 'Europe of Fatherlands' A rare Mingera Chinese wine cup, one of only 19 known to exist, could fetch a record US$38 million or more when it goes under the hammer in Hong Kong next week MH370 Australia urged caution after Chinese ship detects pulse in Indian Ocean Lech Wasa, former Poland president Putin should be tried in The Hague Russian annexation of Crimea alarms Georgia. Russia controls a fifth of Georgian territory following the 2008 conflict in Abkhazia and South Ossetia. India losing 70% voice and call centre business to Philippines Norway refuses holiday visa to Russian TV's Dmitry Kiselyov, the anchor who recently said Russia was the only country that could reduce US to radioactive rubble French organic winegrower fined for refusing to spray grapes with pesticide Giboulot refused to comply with the official instructions on crop spraying on the ground that the insecticide caused collateral damage among pollinating insects, including bees. Syria's Assad says political Islam project has failed  there should be no mixing between political and religious work UK Gay conversion therapy should have no place in NHS, says health minister. Artists install massive poster of childs face in Pakistan field to shame drone operators Dmitry Medvedev If the Americans like to eat GMO products, let them eat it then. We dont need to do that; we have enough space and opportunities to produce organic food, he said. Serious Ebola Outbreak in West Africa, Rumored to be Airborne. North Korea issues warning, If a U.S. missile or the South Korean puppet forces' missile falls on any part of the DPRK (North Korea), it will pound all the strongholds of the enemy with merciless shower of missiles to reduce them to ashes Italian diplomat arrested for child trafficking Russian Soldier Kills Ukrainian Naval Officer in Crimea, Ukraine's Defence Ministry Says. ProRussian separatists declare east Ukrainian region independent Russia regrets NASA halting cooperation, warns of impact on ISS Russian Court Declares Ban on LGBT Rights Protests Illegal...Appeal to Follow Ukraine says Putin behind protesters' seizure of state buildings Snowden to Receive TruthTelling Prize Siberia's biggest city turns Red as Communists win mayoral election FIFA turns down U.S. request to ban Russia from hosting the 2018 World Cup Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a crackdown on destructive nongovernment organisations, saying such groups were behind the mass protests that brought down Ukraine's government. Legislature of just proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic asks Putin move in peacekeepers Nigeria becomes Africa's biggest economy Rwanda on Sunday told France to face up to the difficult truth of its role in the 1994 genocide, amid a major diplomatic spat on the eve of commemorations marking the 20th anniversary of the killings. China Warns US To Stay Out Of Hong Kong Over Democratic Reform Merkel ally says U.S. assurances on NSA spying 'insufficient' India to kick off world's biggest election on Monday Swedes to give sixhour workday a go Municipal staff in Gothenburg will act as guinea pigs in a proposed push for sixhour workdays with full pay, with hopes that it will cut down on sick leave, boost efficiency, and ultimately save Sweden money. School in Canada makes nonvaccinated students stay home to halt the spread of measles Ukraine Turmoil Leaves Zoo Animals Starving  Over 6,000 in dire straits. 114yrold Nikolaev Zoo survived 2 world wars, but likely not this. Only enough left for carnivores to eat today & tomorrow. Herbivores will last 1 more week. No medical supplies. A man with total amnesia has turned up in Norway. He speaks 4 languages, including Russian, and calls himself John Smith. No legal means exist to challenge mass surveillance, says NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden Plane Search Shows World's Oceans Are Full of Trash Leading environmental scientists say Australia's Tony Abbott has engineered, in less than one year in office, and environmental train wreck, that could potentially cause irreversible damage to some of the world's most fragile ecosystems. Philippine top court approves birth control law The Philippines highest court approved Tuesday a birth control law that supporters said would transform the lives of millions of poor Filipinos, in a stunning defeat for the powerful Catholic Church. Quebec has voted the separatist Parti Quebecois out of office. A new majority government will be formed by the Liberal Party. South Korea, U.S., Japan issue joint warning to North Korea, If North Korea goes ahead with another nuclear test, we, along with the international community, will make it pay the price for that Japan's Biggest Drugmaker Is Hit With $6 Billion Penalty For Concealing Cancer Risks Edward Snowdens Testimony to European Parliament on NSA [Full Transcript] Overwhelmed by crime, Argentina declares emergency in Buenos Aires EU top court rules EU data retention law invalid Edward Snowden US government spied on human rights workers Liechtenstein bank chief shot dead Ukraine has launched an antiterrorist operation in the eastern city of Kharkiv and about 70 separatists have been arrested for seizing the regional administration building Ebola still spreading, World Health Organisation expects outbreak to last 24 months Antisemitism on the rise in Europe Hungarian farright antisemitic party wins 20% of the votes BBC News  Ukraine crisis Violent brawl at Kiev parliament EU, Russia, Ukraine and US will hold joint talks in next 10 days, as EU diplomat blames Russian lobby for lack of action in Europe Polish MP is living in London on 100 a week budget to see why so many Poles prefer Britain to their homeland Tasmanian Forests Set for Logging as Govt Pushes Ahead to Repeal Protection  State plans to tear up historic deal between industry & greens protecting 400,000 hectares of forest, some pristine. China has surpassed the USA in porn consumption. Ukraine fears 'Crimea scenario' in east Shark fin trade from Hong Kong to China drops almost 90 per cent in one year Carbon Dioxide Levels Climb Into Uncharted Territory for Humans. The amount of carbon dioxide in the Earth's atmosphere has exceeded 402 parts per million (ppm) during the past two days of observations, which is higher than at any time in at least the past 800,000 years German Chancellor Angela Merkel denied access to her own NSA file Edward Snowden Whistleblower 'did complain to NSAefore leaking classified US Government documents Iraq ready to legalise childhood marriage Ukraine vows to use force if proRussian protesters dont leave occupied buildings Kim reelected as North Korean leader Turkey reports Russian missile systems radarlocked on its F16s near Syrian border Voters in South Africa told those who receive social welfare grants but vote for opposition political parties are stealing from government Ukraine's Jews dismiss claims of antisemitism, say Kiev is not in the hands of NeoNazis Kerry focuses blame on Israel for collapse of talks  The prisoners were not released by Israel on the day they were supposed to be released and then another day passed and another day, and then 700 units were approved in Jerusalem and then poof  that was sort of the moment, Kerry said Syrian insurgents reveal they are using USmade antitank missiles. TOWs are likely acquired from regional supporters of the opposition, either Saudi Arabia or Turkey. Pharaonic seal found in ancient coffin in Israel Israeli archaeologists unveiled on Wednesday a 3,300yearold coffin containing a signet ring bearing the name of an Egyptian pharaoh among the remains of what they believe was a local nobleman. 60 People Taken Hostage In Ukraine's East Dutch priest who refused to leave Syria assassinated at his monastery Tensions between China and the United States were on full display on Tuesday [8 April 2014] as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel faced questions in Beijing about America's position in bitter territorial disputes with regional U.S. allies. US accuses Russia of sending spies into eastern Ukraine to 'create chaos' WHO says Ebola outbreak in West Africa one of most challenging Italy has rescued 4,000 migrants from boats trying to reach European shores in the past 48 hours in a deepening immigration crisis 'I Will Tear His Head Off' How the Italian Mafia Is Infiltrating Germany  A trial currently underway in Cologne showcases the extent of the Italian Mos infiltration of German society and the construction business. Critics claim authorities have been far too lax in cracking down on Mafia activity 3rd confirmed North Korean drone found, this time in Samcheok, a town 130 kilometers away from the Border. Drone was found by a herb harvester, who kept his findings to himself until the 2 drones were originally found. North Korea, however, denies involvement. India's Mars mission crosses half the distance Crimeans Made Homeless by Annexation Seek Solace in Kiev Asylums Catalonia independence vote rejected by Spanish MPs Nordic countries condemn Russia Australia rules homeopathic remedies useless Burger King Expands Into Crimea After McDonald's Exit Satellite images show Russian military hardware and Spetznaz (special forces) massing at Ukrainian border Uruguay Wants to Give Marijuana to Prisoners  A leading health official tells UN the country is interested in experimenting with medical marijuana to treat prisoners suffering from cocaine addiction. MH370 Tragedy Experts confirm pulse signals are from a black box. Air Chief Marshal (Rtd) Angus Houston, said Wednesday the experts... had confirmed that the 33.31 kHz signals were from the flight data recorder of a black box. Last Minute Dash to Keep Big Oil from National Park  In 2007, for US$3.6 billion investment, Ecuador offered world chance to save 10% of all species on earth by keeping bio hot spot from oil. If enough signatures collected by April 12, voters can decide its fate instead of politicians. UN piracy experts shot and killed in Somali airport Netherlands Must Criminalize Downloading, EU Court Rules  It can no longer permit its citizens to freely download copyrighted movies & music without paying. Court rules current system of a piracy levy to compensate rightsholders is unlawful. 5 banks sued for gold price manipulation The biggest swarm of genetically modified mosquitoes ever has been set free in Brazil to combat infectious disease. Portuguese galleon Flor de la Mar, which is estimated to have billions of dollars in gold inside, is reported to be found in Indonesia US troops may be sent to Eastern Europe Americas overtake Africa as region with most murders UN report finds nearly 40% of world's murders were committed in Americas in 2012 Russia claims NATO is concerned over an imaginary threat that Russia does not pose; the Russians counteraccused NATO of using the Ukraine crisis against Russia and also accused NATO of Cold War mentality. UN report details comprehensive countrybycountry murder rates. Safest is Singapore, with just one killing per 480,000 people in 2012. In the worlds most violent country, Honduras, a man has a 1 in 9 chance of being murdered during his lifetime. The second Category 5 cyclone to hit Far North Queensland, Australia in 3 years is less than 24hrs away from hitting land. Wish us well! Britain wasted 600m of taxpayers' money on useless flu pills stockpiled by Government in case of pandemic  [the drugs] are no better than paracetamol in relieving flu symptoms and are next to useless in preventing a pandemic. Russian Duma calls for criminal prosecution of Gorbachev for the collapse of the Soviet Union. Plane passengers refuse to put on seatbelts, halt deportation of Iranian man Tamiflu Millions wasted on bogus drug, claims major report Russia takes Voice of America radio off air Secret WW1 spy files have been made available online Netanyahu Orders Israeli Ministers To Stop Meeting Palestinian Counterparts Mexico overtakes Japan as No. 2 car exporter to US Car bomb detonated outside Bank of Greece in Athens China Finds Nearly 2,000 Firms in Breach of Antipollution Rules  Ministry trying to improve enforcement by using realtime monitoring that'll give govt regulators direct access to data. To invest 40 billion yuan ($6.45 billion) to boost monitoring capacity. Pastafarians rejoice as Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is granted permission to register as a religion in Poland 'Cherry tree from space' mystery baffles Japan State of Palestine allowed to join Geneva Conventions Drinking water in China's Lanzhou city unsafe to drink, say authorities  Water in city found to contain levels of benzene, a cancerinducing chemical, at 20 times above safety levels German Law professors demand cannabis legalization Over 120 German professors of criminal law are supporting an initiative to legalize cannabis. Moscow laying landmines in Ukraine Kiev Archbishop of South Africa and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Desmond Tutu is saying their is no longer any excuse for not doing everything humanly possible to fight climate change and called on Thursday for an international antiapartheidstyle boycott against the fossil fuel industry. North Korean Defector talks about her struggle getting out of North Korea. BBC News Israel impose tax sanction against Palestinian Authority in retaliation for signing a number of international treaties Massive 7.4 earthquake hits Papau New Guinea Japan has asked for U.S. President Barack Obama to meet the families of Japanese nationals abducted by North Korean agents when he visits Japan in late April. Law professors demand cannabis legalization. Over 120 German professors of criminal law are supporting an initiative to legalize cannabis. They have called on the Bundestag to discuss the issue. Merkel's coalition is skeptical. BBC News  Russia TV stations air 'impostor' protester in two guises President Vladimir Putin warned European leaders on Thursday Russia would cut natural gas supplies to Ukraine if it did not pay its bills and said this could lead to a reduction of onward deliveries to Europe. NATO released satellite photographs on Thursday showing Russian military equipment, including fighter jets and tanks, that it described as part of a deployment of as many as 40,000 troops near the border with Ukraine. Syrian rebels say that Obama admin pursues a dark strategy aimed at prolonging the war in Syria AlJazeera trial dismissed as 'joke'  3 AlJazeera journalists are on trial for terrorism in Egypt, prosecutors used video filmed by the defendants, including wildlife scenes and a news conference as evidence U.N. Report Hints Russia and Its Allies Rigged Crimea's Secession Vote. Activists and critics of Crimea's secession were threatened, detained and tortured. The US Department of Energy has blocked access for Russian scientists to its major physics research centers Spain A humanrights avenger no longer?  Madrid is trying to end Spain's universal jurisdiction law, which proponents say has helped human rights victims find justice  but has also caused major diplomatic headaches. Putin Says Further Violations by Ukraine Will Compel Russia to Cut Off Gas Somalia in high speed internet 'culture shock' Estimates of illegal and unreported fish in seafood imports to the USA  Between 20% and 32% of wildcaught seafood US imports are illegal Thai Tanker Sinks, Spilling Oily Sludge  It was carrying 40 times the volume of spilled sludge, headed to shore to deliver it to oil recycling facilities. While spill appears small, escaped oil has already fouled coastal fishing areas & mangrove forests. CIA and White House under pressure after Senate torture report leaks. Armed men dressed in camouflage clothing have seized a police station in eastern Ukraine, officials say. UN to summon Kim Jong Un before international court; China says it will veto any action against its ally and may block the summoning. Malaysian military withheld radar data on Flight MH370 as nations searched wrong area, sources say Around 1,000 Christian and Hindu women in Pakistan are forcibly converted to Islam and married to Muslim men every year, says a report released by Movement for Solidarity and Peace (MSP) on Monday For Crimea, Google Shows Different Borders Based on Your Location BEIJING (Reuters)  The governor of Chinas restive far western region of Xinjiang wrote on Monday that Islamist militants were trying to ban laughter at weddings and crying at funerals, as he appealed to people to stamp out the tumor of extremism Mexico Marches Against New Internet Censorship Laws Russia aims to have permanent moon base up and running by 2040 Japanese railway operator to offer maglev tech to US for free Nikkei Asian Review Experimental Hepatitis Drug Cures 95% Patients in Clinical Trial German Researchers | News Tonight Africa UN voices deep concerns about Brunei implementing death by stoning for adultery, sodomy, extramarital sexual relations, insulting verses of the Quran and Hadith, blasphemy, declaring oneself a prophet or nonMuslim starting from 22nd of April Russian oil firm says Asian buyers willing to use euros Lithuania Dispatches Warship After Claiming Russian Disturbance Workers in Samsung semiconductor plants who have developed cancer while working in dangerous conditions are fighting their former employerand their governmentfor compensation. Spanish village called kill Jews mulls name change Pope Assumes Responsibility for Priest Sex Abuse IPCC report world must urgently switch to clean sources of energy. Clean energy will have to at least treble in output and dominate world energy supplies by 2050 in order to avoid catastrophic climate change, a UN report is set to conclude on Sunday. BBC News  US refuses visa for Iran's pick for UN Ambassador, due to his involvement in the 1979 U.S. Embassy Raid. Ukraine commandos refuse to storm buildings The National Security Agency flatly refuted a report that it has been aware for at least two years about the Heartbleed computer glitch, one of the most significant security flaws in Internet history. Reports that say otherwise are wrong, a NSA spokesperson told TIME Russia's Foreign Ministry is warning that Russians should refrain from traveling abroad because they could be entrapped by US secret services who are actively hunting for Russians to persecute in punishment for Moscow's recent annexation of Crimea. Former Chief Economist of the BIS I see speculative bubbles like in 2007 Israeli Hackers Strike Back at Anonymous OpIsrael, Expose Participants With Their Own Webcams The IMF and World Bank on Friday urged finance ministers to impose a price on carbon, warning that time was running out for the planet to avoid worstcase climate change. Journalists who broke NSA story in Guardian, accept, dedicate their George Polk award to Edward Snowden 1 Ukraine officer killed and 4 others injured as Ukraine begins AntiTerrorist operations in East Ukraine Obama Lets N.S.A. Exploit Some Internet Flaws, Officials Say Women who have sex before marriage should be hanged, says senior politician in India's Socialist Party Canadian mail service to scrap all home deliveries  Older residents angered over costcutting decision by Canada Post to make first G20 country without doortodoor service If China invaded the Japanheld Senkaku Islands, U.S. Marines in the Pacific would swiftly recapture them, the commander of marines deployed in Japan assured. Major Climate Change Report averting catastrophe is affordable  Landmark UN analysis concludes catastrophic climate change can be averted without sacrificing living standards. Dismisses fears that slashing carbon emissions would wreck the world economy. Ukraine open discussion thread (Sticky post #8) Risk of 'gas war' grows as Ukraine halts payments to Russia Japan orders slaughter of 112,000 chickens after H5 strain of bird flu detected US corn exports to China drop 85 percent after ban on GMO strains  industry report Mexico prepares 1st illegal drug financing blacklist. Mexico is preparing to implement new regulations that will allow the government to identify individuals and businesses linked to drug trafficking and ban financial firms from doing business with them. Egyptian police 'using rape as a weapon' against dissident groups Gerhard Schroeder has admitted that like the situation in Crimea, the NATO attack on Serbia in 1999 was also a violation of international law. Israel's seizure of EUfunded aid projects prompts compensation calls South Korea And United States Hold Largest Ever Joint Air Drill Eike Batista, who was Brazil's richest man for most of the past decade, is under investigation by securities industry watchdog CVM for allegedly engaging in insider trading while he chaired his nowbankrupt oilproducing and shipbuilding firms. JPMorgan profits fall 19% as mortgage business fades Second strong earthquake hits Solomon Islands IDF officer dismissed for approving soldiers' antiArab Tshirts Shirts featured the slogan 'Nablus, we are coming! and warned Arab mothers that their sons fates lay in Israeli soldiers hands. Ukraine prepares armed response as city seized by proRussia forces Ukraine crisis Kramatorsk shooting reported Just two months before Brazil is to host the World Cup soccer tournament in Rio de Janeiro and other cities, police officers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse thousands of families, squatting in a complex of abandoned commercial buildings. Joe Biden to travel to Ukraine Ukraine Links New Attacks in East to 'External Aggressiony Russia Looks Like Rome is Even More Ancient than Thought  As Italian capital approaches 2,767th birthday, excavation reveals wall built long before official founding year of 753BC. It seems to have channeled water. Around it, are pieces of ceramic pottery & remains of food. Ukraine says it can prove that Russia coordinated weekend attacks Russian fighter jet makes multiple, closerange passes near an American warship in the Black Sea Glowinthedark roads make debut in Netherlands  They look beautiful, but they could also save a lot on streetlight power. The glow lasts up to eight hours once powered throughout the day. 3 EU Countries Back Ukraine's Use of Force  Sweden, Lithuania, & Luxembourg explicitly back Ukraines right to use force against proRussian separatists. Russian TV Propagandists Caught RedHanded Same Guy, Three Different People (Spy, Bystander, Heroic Surgeon) Russia has ~65,000 troops bordering the rest of Ukraine; 40,000 on the Russian Border, 25,000 in Crimea. This is in addition to proRussian armed protesters already in Ukraine; Russia said attempts to expel those proRussian forces are criminal and warned it would protect Russianspeakers. This is war, Ukraine declares as mob ignores ultimatum to surrender, takes police chief prisoner Hong Kong women eing kept in slavelike conditions in Sydney brothels' Worlds Highest Minimum Wage on Ballot in Switzerland The Swiss will vote in a national referendum May 18 on whether to create a minimum wage of 22 francs ($25) per hour, or 4,000 francs a month Israel demolishes Bedouin village for 68th time | Palestine AntiKremlin protest draws thousands in Moscow Ukraine Forces Storm a Town, Defying Russia White House Warns Russia Not to Invade as Biden Plans Ukraine Trip Russia prepared to let tanks roll across borders  German minister German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel warned on Monday of an escalation of the crisis in Ukraine, saying Russia was clearly prepared to allow tanks to roll across European borders. UN scientists The world needs to triple the energy it gets from renewables, nuclear reactors, and power plants that use emissionscapture technology to avoid dangerous levels of global warming West approves $3.2 billion package for Ukraine World must end 'dirty' fuel use. Biggest drug bust in Saudi Arabian History $267 million US dollars worth of amphetamine. (other source with pictures in comments) Japan says it's not decided on whaling in Southern Ocean next year  Tokyo deeply disappointed UN declared its whaling a commercial activity disguised as science. Has filed US court briefs saying it intends to hunt whales 201516 with new research program. U.S. Troops May be Sent to Eastern Europe Ukraine to fight proRussia forces The UK, Poland, and Sweden have proposed sending an EU police mission to Ukraine to build up its law enforcement bodies Nigeria Boko Haram kills at least 60 in new atrocity President of Ukraine Turchynov offers to hold referendum on status of Ukraine Billionaire Takes Up Fight Against African Poachers  Pledges to provide a helicopter & a multimillion dollar investment to protect South Africas rhinos. Guardian and Washington Post win Pulitzer prize for NSA revelations | Media Russian paramilitary leaders in eastern Ukraine caught on tape communicating with Moscow Ukraine has asked the UN for troops Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors to boost sales, says whistleblower Russian forces spotted on ground in eastern Ukraine Bloomberg Canadians' mentalhealth info routinely shared with FBI, U.S. customs Poland NATO should send troops to east Europe, ignore Russia's objections Russian economy may see zero growth this year because of the Ukraine crisis, Russia's finance minister has admitted Guantnamo hearings halted amid accusations of FBI spying on legal team | World news Russia on brink of financial crisis as showdown with West escalates  Country's private companies shut out of global bond markets, raising prospect that they may need state support. Red Hot Chili Peppers music used to torture prisoners in Guantnamo Bay Smoghit China is set to pass a new law that would give Beijing more powers to shut polluting factories and punish officials, and even place protected regions offlimits to industrial development A survey released Tuesday  the first comprehensive one of its kind  says that only 10 killers of 908 environmental activists slain around the world over the past decade have been convicted Malta legalises samesex civil unions/marriage U.S. Is Considering Sending Arms To Ukraine Nigeria unrest 'Attackers abduct 200 schoolgirls' Chernobyl Sarcophagus Jeapordised by Crisis in Ukraine The political crisis in Ukraine is severely hampering efforts to build a new radioactive containment structure over the site of the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown. Russia says Ukraine on brink of civil war North Korean officials visit salon in London over Kim Jongun ad hair' advert CIA chief visited Kiev over the weekend White House Russia Tests MultiWarhead ICBM ProRussian Ukrainian police help foil Ukraine crackdown in east Morocco Women March to Demand Gender Equality  Ccarried banners demanding equality as a right, not a privilege. Russia warns against use of force against protesters in Ukraine Russia's foreign minister has said intervention by Ukrainian authorities to stop proRussian protesters in eastern Ukraine would set back diplomatic talks. Ukraine has announced an antiterrorist operation in the east. South Korea ferry carrying 350 sinking. Several armoured personnel carriers have reportedly entered the eastern Ukrainian town of Slaviansk, with the lead vehicle showing the Russian flag U.S. drone strike kills New Zealander, Australian in Yemen China's president urges greater militarization of space Brunei's new law permits stoning gay people to death Spanish judge defies pressure to scrap Guantanamo torture case against Bush | The Raw Story Combat Vehicles in East Ukraine Switching Sides Swiss president greeted with Danish flag in Ukraine Switzerland pushes for minimum wage of $25 per hour, maximum in the world SARS French scientists lose 2,300 samples of potentially deadly virus A majority of Ukrainiansin all regionscondemn the deployment of Russian troops in Ukraine (93 percent of people in the west and center held this opinion, 73 percent in the South, and 68 percent in the East). Ukraine says it reclaimed airport seized by proRussia separatists 5 Dead in Calgary's Worst Ever Mass Murder Greece's Golden Dawn party describes Hitler as 'great personality' Cementing its credentials as an unapologetic neonazi force, Greece's increasingly combative Golden Dawn party has hailed Hitler as a great personality and denounced homosexuality as a sickness. Ukraine troops blocked in Kramatorsk as tension rises Jordanian air force fighter jets have destroyed an undetermined number of vehicles trying to enter the kingdom by crossing the border from wartorn Syria. Ukraine crisis NATO to bolster forces in eastern Europe | World news Citizen scientists prepare to test West Coast for Fukushima radiation Six Kiev's APCs sent to Kramatorsk join forces with antiMaidan activists  eyewitness Ukraine pushes tanks and troops into separatist east Japan population drops for third year straight; 25% are elderly 'We Will Shoot Back' All Eyes on Russia as Ukraine Begins Offensive in East Ukraine Says Russian Forces Among Separatists as Battles Ensue N Korea formally complains over British barber's Kim Jong Un poster German Law Professors Are Rebelling Against Their Country's Drug Laws Putin admits Russian forces were deployed to Crimea. Jimmy Carter and Nobel Laureates Urge President Obama to reject the Keystone XL Pipeline History will reflect on this moment... Ukraine submits proof of Russian covert action Putin Asserts Right to Use Force in Eastern Ukraine  '[He] stressed Russias historical claim to the territory, repeatedly referring to it as new Russia' Ukrainian Oligarch Offers $10k for Each Captured Russian Invader Donetsk ProRussians Order Jews to 'Register or be Deported' for Supporting Kiev Rule Kim Dotcom can have seized assets returned  New Zealand High Court Putin Russia may invade Ukraine to protect locals Kiev says Russian males aged 1660 banned from entering Ukraine 300 people attacked a Ukrainian military base in the country's southeast on Thursday Ukrainian military surrounded by proRussians Snowden asks Putin Does Russia intercept millions of citizens data? Crimeans find their new lives in Russia harder than expected Russia Economy Worsens Even Before Sanctions Hit With inflation rising, growth stagnating, the ruble and stock market plunging, and billions in capital fleeing the country for safety, the economy is teetering on the edge of recession, as the countrys minister of economic development acknowledged West Slams Russia 'Fantasy Narrative' on Ukraine Western countries on the Security Council said the new report undermines Russia's claims about the events that led to its recent annexation of Crimea, and they warned of a similar situation unfolding now Vkontakte Founder Russia Wanted Personal Data of Euromaidan Protesters S. Korean Ferry Captain Was One of the First Off the Sinking Ship I cant raise my face before the passengers and family members of the missing, he said. Students kidnapped by suspected Islamic militants in Nigeria are freed $10,000 for separatist head and $1,000 for the machinegun  the reward promised by the governor of Dnipropetrovsk region Iranian Officials and Bankers Warn Russia Not to Dismiss U.S. Sanctions Threat A labor group says a strike at the world's biggest athletic shoe maker is snowballing, with about 30,000 of its Chinese workers protesting over insufficient benefits Moldovas Breakaway Region Asks Putin to Recognize Sovereignty Obama warns of consequences for Russian actions destabilizing Ukraine Canadian arrested for Heartbleed hacking Ukrainian Parliament Recommends Resumption Of Mandatory Conscription Vice principal of South Korea school in ferry disaster commits suicide That 'Jewish registry' flyer in East Ukraine is 'fake,' says NCJS, a Jewish organization with direct contact to the Donetsk government NASA's Kepler Discovers First EarthSize Planet In The 'Habitable Zone' of Another Star World Bank wants water privatized, despite risks 7.5 Magnitude Earthquake in Guerrero, Mexico Propaedophile group to be banned, Dutch supreme court says Japan Says It Will Resume Whaling Off Antarctica Nobel laureate Gabriel Garca Marquez dies at 87 Armed civilians pretending to be peaceful protesters delivering a petition to the United Nations in South Sudan forced their way into a U.N. base sheltering some 5,000 civilians and opened fire. Canada sends six CF18 jets to Poland in response to Ukraine crisis The manager of the Fukushima nuclear power plant admits to embarrassment that repeated efforts have failed to bring under control the problem of radioactive water, eight months after Japan's prime minister told the world the matter was resolved Thousands of animals starving in Ukraine's zoos 2,300 tubes containing SARS virus samples missing in France SNOWDEN I Questioned Putin To Get His Answer On Record Ukraine crisis US secretary of state Kerry announces Geneva agreement  live updates | 'Occupieduildings to be vacated; arms turned over | Kiev would grant amnesty to protesters | Putin 'Russia will find mutual understanding with Ukraine' Chief Warden Shot in Africa's Oldest National Park High Altitude Avalanche on Mt. Everest 2 dead, 7 Missing Gabriel Garca Mrquez, the Colombian novelist whose One Hundred Years of Solitude established him as a giant of 20thcentury literature, died on Thursday at his home in Mexico City. He was 87 Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov says all sides agree to steps to deescalate Ukraine crisis, after talks in Geneva Edward Snowden defends decision to question Vladimir Putin on surveillance British arms dealers sell weapons to 23 countries labelled dangerous by the Foreign Office Scientists find an 'Earth twin', or maybe a cousin 7 Die in Shooting at ChinaVietnam Border A Chinese man who was being repatriated from Vietnam along with 15 other migrants seized a gun from a border guard on Friday, triggering a gunfight and standoff in which five Chinese and two Vietnamese guards died US freeing Iran funds as Tehran cuts uranium stockpile Russia and China forge closer ties, as EU explores sanctions Obama Countries like Germany, China and India  they're working every day to outeducate our kids so they can outcompete our businesses. And each year, frankly, it shows that they're making more progress than we are. North Korea has written an official letter of complaint to Britain over a London hair salon's advert implying leader Kim JongUn has a bad hairstyle A 7.5 earthquake has occurred off the coast of Papua New Guinea  Tsunami expected locally Schools in Birmingham discrimate against nonMuslim students and restrict GCSE teaching to fit in with Islamic beliefs, according to official report Chinese authorities have arrested at least 20 people for the crime of writing male/male fanfic, mostly young women. Japan expands army footprint for first time in 40 years, risks angering China. Russia writes off 90 percent of North Korea debt, eyes gas pipeline Russia's parliament has agreed to write off almost $10 billion of North Korea's Sovietera debt, in a deal expected to facilitate the building of a gas pipeline to South Korea across the reclusive state. Nearly onethird of morningafter pills in Peru are fake Most in east Ukraine region against joining Russia. A majority of inhabitants in Ukraine's proRussian protest hub Donetsk do not want to join Russia but consider the government in Kiev to be illegitimate, according to a poll published Saturday. Russian Vice Speaker Screams at Guards to Rape Pregnant Journalist during press conference U.S. ground troops going to Poland, defense minister says 115 Nigerian school girls still missing after kidnapping 58 killed, 100 injured in attack on UN base in South Sudan Obama Administration indefinitely suspending a decision on the Keystone XL pipeline CIA torture architect breaks silence to defend 'enhanced interrogation' Scores of abducted girls freed in Nigeria  At least 44 of the 129 schoolgirls abducted in the northeastern Nigerian town of Chibok have been released, and have reunited with their parents Poland and the United States will announce next week the deployment of U.S. ground forces to Poland as part of an expansion of NATO presence in Central and Eastern Europe in response to events in Ukraine. Over 100 hate crime murders linked to farRight White Nationalist web forum Stormfront.org, whose registered users included Anders Breivik (2011 Norway massacre) and Frazier Glenn Miller (last week's shooting at a Jewish center in Kansas). Over 50 thousand Russians demand to be put on US sanctions list Library named after Osama bin Laden in Pakistan United States to deploy ground troops to Poland Russia to Build 150 Military Facilities on Kuril Islands (disputed by Japan) Interpol in hunt for Austrian jihadist teenage girls Germany shuts scheme for young unemployed Europeans after being flooded with interest from jobseekers particularly from struggling Spain and Hungary Rape victims in Germany are finding it increasingly difficult to see their assailants convicted, a national study showed Engineers are about to blast away the top of a Chilean mountain to create a site for the European Extremely Large Telescope. It will allow us, for the first time, to directly observe planets outside the solar system Six schools in Birmingham, U.K. implicated in Trojan Horse plot by extremists to Islamise secular state education . In 60 Days, South Sudan will Starve There is a looming crisis in South Sudan that, if not dealt with, could rival some of the worst famines in recent history. President Barack Obama has signed into law a measure that would bar entry to any UN ambassador whom the US says has engaged in terrorist activity. US Drone Obliterates Civilians in Yemen At least fifteen people, including those not specifically targeted, are killed or wounded in bombing Saudi man fined for allowing his wife to drive. Government to introduce law requiring porn sites to obtain proof that users are over 18 Turkey may leave World Wide Web says Communication Minister Thousands of Chinese spent their best years making Nike shoes and now have no pensions Poland wants 10,000 American troops deployed to defend against Russia Deadly gun attack in eastern Ukraine shakes fragile Easter truce Putins popularity at its peak, society rallies around patriotism Nearly 1/5 of China's farmland is now too polluted to farm; 82.8 percent of contaminated lands are polluted by pollutants like Arsenic, Cadmium, and Nickel. Although air pollution is highly visible and present, these pollutants eventually end up in the soil and pollute it as well. Meteorlike Object Explodes Over Russia Strike at Nike, Adidas China supplier halts output Bodies found inside sunken South Korean ferry  52 confirmed dead Criminals Are Using Drones To Find Weed Farms To Rob Some 3,000 Crimeans refuse to become Russian citizens About 3,000 residents of Crimea, including Sevastopol, have refused to receive Russian passports, Russian Federal Migration Service chief Konstantin Romodanovsky said. BBC News  Rubin Hurricane Carter has passed away Saudi Arabia announces jump in new cases of deadly MERS virus Saudi Arabia has confirmed seven new cases of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), adding up to 36 infections in five days, a sudden increase of a disease that kills about a third of the people infected and has no cure. South Africans Have Case for Aiding Apartheid Ford Motor Co. and IBM must face a class action from black South Africans accusing them of supplying the apartheid regime with military cars and computers, a federal judge ruled. Syrian Rebels Are Being Armed With USMade AntiTank Missiles Ukraine crisis Geneva deal hangs by a thread after deaths in Slavyansk ProRussian militants and unidentified assailants are reported killed in gun battle in eastern Ukrainian town Spanish Court Refuses to Close Guantnamo Torture Investigation Iran says reactor dispute 'virtually solved'  Middle East Twitter bans two whistleblower accounts exposing government corruption after complaints from the Turkish government Jamaica sees green in ganja  After more than a century, the island of music and marijuana seems ready for legalization Canadians rally to legalize marijuana Japan defence chief puzzled by Russian warplanes The country's air defence force scrambled fighter jets for seven days in a row after spotting Russian military planes. They are continuing flights, which we deem as abnormal and were unseen even in the Cold War era,  Defence Minister China has seized a Japanese ship over debt from 1936. Malaysia Airlines MH192 has made an air turn back to KUL, but is currently circling round burning fuel and unable to land due to problems with its landing gear and burst tyres. India and Georgia have made it compulsory for Pakistani travellers to get antipolio vaccine prior to entering their territory; several other countries may follow suit Snowden reporter promises more NSA revelations are coming. And Greenward hits back after Rep. Peter King denounces the Pulitzer Award calling it 'disgraceful'. North Korea accuses US and allies of worst human rights abuses; says defectors to South Korea who exposed human rights abuses are terrorists and that North Korea's masses are leading happy lives. The North said that human rights investigations would only make it achieve Final Victory faster. Photos Link Masked Men in East Ukraine to Russia and suggest that many of the men who have seized Ukrainian government sites are indeed Russian military and intelligence forces. Abuse of veal calves unveiled by hidden camera Baby calves... are kicked, punched, slapped and yelled at by barn employees. Some are grabbed by the testicles to force them into narrow wooden stalls. Several lie gasping for air on slats stained with urine and feces. [Canada] Spains Robin Hood takes from the banks and gives to the disenfranchised  They call him the Robin Hood of the banks, a man who took out dozens of loans worth almost half a million euros with no intention of ever paying them back. David Cameron fuelling sectarian division by bringing God into politics' Russia stares at recession as Ukraine crisis scars economy Ukrainian synagogue reportedly firebombed Bangladesh Factory Owner Charged With Murder Its been almost a full year since the tragic Bangladesh factory collapse killed 1,135 garment workers in the capital of Dhaka.This week, authorities announced that Rana [the negligent owner of the factory] would stand trial for his role in the disaster. Scottish independence pollYes on brink of victory Tesla poised to start delivery of Model S to Chinese motorists Unease in Vatican over cardinal's 'luxury flat' An Italian cardinal is moving into a 600squaremetre (6,500 square foot) Vatican apartment in apparent contradiction with Pope Francis's call for a poor Church Botswana bushmen 'If you deny us the right to hunt, you are killing us' Ukraine Conflict Becomes Hostage Crisis as Separatists Take Prisoners Ukrainian journalist and activist Irma Krat arrested by proRussian separatists for 'war crimes' Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed laws simplifying procedures for Russian speakers in the former Soviet Union to obtain Russian citizenship and on obligations for migrant laborers working in Russia. Nigeria Latest Boko Haram massacre; over 150 dead India Wants To Take On 'US Hegemony' Over The Internet... By Renaming It The Equinet China Violent Government Thugs Beaten To Death By Angry Crowds After They Killed A Man Documenting Their Brutality North Korean new generation losing faith in the regime After decades of absolute control, Pyongyang's iron grip on the lives of ordinary citizens is finally slipping Arab royal hunts down 2,100 internationally protected houbara bustards in three week safari Bolivia raises minimum wage by 20% CEO Of Russian Facebook Says He Was Fired And That The Social Network Is Now In The Hands Of Putin Allies  So ends the slow unravelling of independence at VKontakte, Russias most popular social network. China's new environment law submitted to parliament... will give legal backing to Beijing's newly declared war on pollution and formalise a pledge made last year to abandon a decadesold growthatallcosts economic model that has spoiled much of China's water, skies and soil. DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it  Researcher finds secret knock opens admin for some Linksys, Netgear routers. North Korea erupts with antigay tirade against UN Human Rights Chair UltraOrthodox Jews are resisting new laws which force them to join the army US releases photos of Russian special forces soldier operating in eastern Ukraine. Russia bans Tatar leader from Crimea after Putin signs decree Spanish Congress rejects Catalan independence referendum Sri Lanka to deport British tourist with Buddha tattoo US ordered to release memo in Anwar alAwlaki drone killing Everest's Sherpas Issue List of Demands Chinese hackers are stealing our secrets  US Admiral It is a significant shift in how Russian ground forces approach a problem,  James G. Stavridis, the retired admiral and former NATO commander. Leaflets Given To Donetsk Jews Made Waves Worldwide, But Not In Donetsk Extremist Hindu leader in India calls to evict Muslims and loot and burn their properties First sign of South Korea ferry disaster was call from a frightened boy who is among the missing  The Globe and Mail Hundreds of people were killed because of their ethnicity after South Sudan rebels seized the oil hub of Bentiu last week Rockets from Gaza hit Israel, army launches airstrikes in Passover clash Trial of Al Jazeera journalists resumes Correspondent Peter Greste and producers Mohammed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed appear in court in Egyptian capital Cairo. Fukushima disaster Tokyo hides truth as children die, become ill from radiation  exmayor Activity has increased at North Korea's nuclear test site ahead of a visit by US President Barack Obama to the region British people by 21 ratio say it was good for society, not bad, that newspapers reported the materials given to them by Edward Snowden Mission to Mars is necessary for survival of human race Pope Francis told divorced and remarried woman there is nothing wrong with her taking Communion Pope Francis reportedly told a divorced and remarried woman that there is nothing wrong with her taking Communion, in what would be a huge departure from current Catholic teaching. Russian Facebook founder flees country after being forced out as CEO Russian social network is now effectively under state control North Korea offer condolences to South for Sewol Ferry disaster Report Vice Journalist Captured in Eastern Ukraine Poland is about to engage in a massive military spending spree to replace Sovietera equipment Ukraine VICE journalist held by separatists, TIME reporter released US deploying troops to Eastern Europe For the first time Turkey PM Erdogan offers condolences over mass WWI killings of Armenians Saudi prince kills about 2,000 endangered birds on safari Russia Warns Ukraine of Potential Military Response Founder of biggest Russian social network VKontakte flees Russia, claims Persecution 'Don't behave like gangsters,' Ukrainian PM tells Russia ProRussian Insurgents Identified The Green Men of VKontakte Russia begins extracting oil in the Arctic despite Greenpeace efforts Suspected mass grave, believed to contain at least 250 bodies of ethnic Albanians killed in the 199899 Kosovo war, excavated in Serbia Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been convicted of libel in a ruling that could potentially lead to the jailing of one of President Vladimir Putins most prominent critics. Russia Bans Military and Police from Traveling Abroad In Russia, a Soviet revival grips leadership Acting Ukraine president calls for relaunch of antiterrorist operation in east after politician tortured to death Nearly 90 percent of the chemicals in Syrias weapons arsenal have now been removed from the wartorn country, with only two or three shipments left for export, the group responsible for policing the global treaty that bans chemical munitions reported on Tuesday. Violent protests have broken out in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro following the death of a young man allegedly beaten by police. Sweden to beef up air force to counter Russia China issues veiled warning to N. Korea not to conduct nuclear test FCC Abandons Net Neutrality Iran's President Rouahani calls for gender equality American troops now en route to Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia in response to Russian troop movements and European concerns over Russian aggression. Yesterday, US soldiers arrived in Poland. Putin calls the internet a 'CIA project'. Four physicists have announced their resignation from the academic council of one of Russia's top research institutes, accusing it of failing to defend a prominent colleague who was fired for truancy after attending a workshop at Stony Brook University in the U.S. Ukraine forces kill up to five rebels, Putin warns of consequences China Is Shutting Down Porn Websites En Masse Swearing in films banned by Russia's lower house The Russian parliament's lower house has passed a bill that bans swearing from films, music and other works of art. In addition, members of the public could face penalties of up to 2,500 roubles for swearing in public ...  Chemicals killing smartphone chip factory workers Samsung and Apple factories accused Facebook, Gmail, Skype face Russia ban under 'antiterror' data snooping plan Ukraine crisis Army moves to retake Sloviansk [Preliminary] Magnitude 6.7 earthquake just hit off the coast of Vancouver, Canada. Brazilian Congress passes Internet bill of rights China says more than half of its groundwater is polluted | Number of groundwater sites of poor or extremely poor quality increases to 59.6%, Chinese government says Brazil's new Internet 'Bill of Rights' protects privacy, ensures net neutrality Dutch fighter jets intercept 2 Russian bombers in its airspace Researchers unravel the works of a bishop who theorised multiple universes 800 years ago 106,000 Signatures in Support of Pirate Bay Founder Delivered to Danish Govt.  After amassing 106,000 signatures a petition aimed at improving the prison conditions of Gottfrid Svartholm has been delivered to the Danish government. RAF Jet Chases Russian Planes Away From UK Russia orders troops to south and west borders after Ukrainian soldiers kill five United States likely to impose sanctions against India over drug IP issue US President Barack Obama has reaffirmed his support for Japan in its row over islands with China, after talks with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.But he confirmed that the islands fell under a security treaty that commits the US to act if Japan is attacked. Canada under increasing pressure to come up with coordinated NATO response to Russia in Arctic Norway has been severely punished for the Norwegian Nobel Committee's decision to award the prize to Liu Xiaobo, one of the leaders of the 1989 uprising in Tiananmen Square. Russia, India Planning $30 Billion Oil Pipeline Through Xinjiang China to jail eaters of rare wild animals In the past 24 hours, Saudi Arabia has reported four new deaths from a Middle East virus related to SARS and 36 more cases of infection, including a Turkish pilgrim in Mecca. Reclusive owner of South Korean ferry dubbed the millionaire with no face is raided by police as its revealed the doomed vessel was THREE times over its maximum load Ukraine warns Russia is bent on World War Three Simon Ostrovsky Has Been Released Two of the most popular Englishlanguage proficiency tests in Japan can no longer be used to obtain student visas to Britain after a British TV program exposed fraud in the testtaking process. North Korea arrests 24 year old American citizen trying to claim asylum in DPRK S&P Cuts Russia to Just Above Junk Status John Kerry Just Gave Russia A Final Warning McDonald's Canada CEO calls foreign worker controversy ullshit'  Scandal reaches upper echelons of government OSCE Slams Putin For The 'Height Of Hypocrisy' In the OSCE, the Russians are always alleging double standards, but this is ridiculous because in Russia, anybody who calls for separatism is a criminal. So, that means that the people in Ukraine under Russian standards would be criminals. Spanish team finds hidden 'tomb of Jesus' Spanish Egyptologists have discovered what could be one of the oldest images of Jesus Christ, painted on the walls of a mysterious underground structure deep in an ancient Egyptian tomb. Mi8 helicopter explodes at Kramatorsk airport in Ukraines east Russia makes internet bloggers with over 3000 daily views register with the Roskomnadzor (state body of media) ExSoviet Officials Call on Russia to Pull Troops Officials from five exSoviet republics called on Russia to withdraw its troops from border areas near Ukraine, and they backed a free and fair Ukrainian presidential election on May 25. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has accused the West of wanting to seize Ukraine, amid escalating rhetoric between Russia and the US. US suspends tax talks with Russia as a form of 'unofficial sanctions'. In the coming weeks, a 30% tax penalty will hit US payments going to over 800 Russian banks. Australia to Purchase 58 More F35 Fighters for $12.4 billion 3 russian helicopters are said to have violated Ukrainian airspace McDonald's boycott threatened over use of temporary foreign workers  British Columbia  CBC News North Korea's Got a Big Crystal Meth Problem Four major tech companies including Apple and Google have agreed to pay a total of $324 million to settle a lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to hold down salaries in Silicon Vall Another U.S. warship enters Black Sea Sweden wants cruise missiles 'for defence' Armenians are protesting today at Turkish embassies, all across the world, for recognition of the Armenian Genocide of 1915, where 1.5 million Armenians were slaughtered. Putin Halts All Talks With White House Satellite images taken on Wednesday include hints that North Korea may be preparing to detonate multiple nuclear devices at once Nearly 200 Schoolgirls Are Still Being Held Captive And Abused By Militants In Nigeria Saudi princess calls for uprising Stop moaning about our bonuses Barclays boss slaps down investors angry at bank's pay practices Russian jets cross into Ukraine airspace The Taliban Has No Clue to Whom It Should Return a Captive US Soldier Danes see Russia as a threat to peace in Europe G7 Nations Agree To More Sanctions On Russia US troops land in Latvia amid Ukraine crisis BBC News  Spain Endangered hamstersized deer born in zoo Human Rights Watch 'Israel Must Stop Shooting at Palestinian Civilians for Simply Crossing a Line' Finnish Officers see growing threat from Russia Russia fears Crimea Water Shortage  Ukraine reducing supply Latvia says Russia trying to use 'provocateurs' in Baltic state Liberty, human rights are godless and faithless ideologies created by atheists to undermine Islam, says ISMA chief | Malaysia 7 OSCE observers captured by separatists in E. Ukraine Ukraine crisis Pentagon says Russian jets violated airspace UK RAF fighter jets scrambled to investigate Russian planes which flew close to UK airspace Ukrainian Troops Confront Eastern Separatists as Russian Troops Mass Along the Border ProRussian separatists have seized a bus carrying international observers from the OSCE. Separatist leader says Kyiv 'spy' is in detained group. The Canadian Supreme Court has rejected the Harper government's plan to reform or abolish the Canadian Senate Poland holds biggest security exercise in decades Palestinian unity govt will recognize Israel Abbas Russia Warns Kyiv will pay for 'antiterrorism' campaign Missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 Malaysian prime minister admits lost plane WAS tracked by military radar South Korea PM to resign over criticism of the governments handling of the ferry incident. North Korea calls Obama a powerful pimp and gangster for South Korea's prostitute President; says South Korean president's behavior like a crafty prostitute eagerly trying to frame someone by giving her body to a powerful pimp. The North then said it was ready for full scale nuclear war. Russian and Ukrainian game developers are starting to leave their countries in midst of political crisis Heavily armed African and French peacekeepers escorted some of the last remaining Muslims out of Central African Republic's volatile capital on Sunday, trucking more than 1,200 people who for months had been trapped in their neighborhood by violent Christian militants. Brazilians welcome geneticallymodified mosquito to help fight dengue fever  With dengue endemic in three of the host cities for this summer's World Cup, Brazilian health officials are trying a radical new approach to fighting it  biotechnology. Museum dedicated to Tiananmen square massacre opens in Hong Kong Ecuadors President Rafael Correa has ordered 20 Pentagon officers and staff to leave the country Ireland Doctors back two GPs who want cannabis use legalised Danish cabinet minister allows full access to mine all her online data, in an attempt to show just how much information can be derived from an individual's digital footprint. All synthetic drugs sold as legal highs to be removed from New Zealand shops within two weeks Serial Killer Arrested For Killing Gay Men In Pakistan Gunmen refuse to release European observers seized in eastern Ukraine Iraq Bomb explodes at election rally NIS aquires supercomputer  It's codenamed Steelwinter and is part of a 100 million dollar investment program. The supercomputer will crack heavy cryptology and analyze the vast amounts of data Norwegian Inteligence Service (NIS) collects. The Russian Defense Ministry complains of large Ukrainian troop buildup in east  that the number of Ukraine troops put the proRussian militants at a disadvantage because the latter are armed only with small amount of pistols and shotguns. Saudi Arabia says has 10 more cases in MERS outbreak and two more people have died from the disease Former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser warns Australia risks war with China unless US military ties are cut back Baltic States Lead Push to Cut Russia Gas Reliance A federal judge on Wednesday dismissed criminal charges against a former Blackwater security guard whose actions allegedly triggered the shootings of dozens of Iraqi citizens at a traffic circle in Baghdad nearly seven years ago Iraqi helicopters attack jihadi convoy across Syrian border ProRussia rebels hold Germanled observers hostage Search for MH370 reveals a military vulnerability for China Europe bans American apples for containing a possibly carcinogenic chemical and group asks U.S to examine them GE invests $24 million in Welspun Renewables Energys solar project  With this transaction, GE Energy Financial Services has exceeded $10 billion in cumulative renewable energy investment commitments worldwide, including $1.8 billion in solar power commitments in seven countries. More than TwoThirds of Afghanistan Reconstruction Money has Gone to One Company DynCorp International 683 Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Sentenced to Death in Egypt Hitler's former maid Elisabeth Kalhammer breaks her silence after 71 years Cold War SpySatellite Images Unveil Lost Cities. Photos triple number of known archaeological sites across the Middle East, revealing thousands of ancient cities, roads, canals, and other ruins. China bans The Big Bang Theory and other American shows from the internet; analysts say government censors are concerned with ideological issues. Desmond Tutu has said he is happy Nelson Mandela is dead  so he does not have to see what South Africas current leaders are doing to the country BP and Shell exposed as US prepares first warning shot against Russia's oil and gas industry John Kerry told the Trilateral Commission that Israel risks becoming an apartheid state if it doesn't make peace China releases trove of Japanese sex slave records Australian State Government urges boycott of Ben & Jerrys ice cream over WWF propaganda on Great Barrier Reef 60,000 Chinese Workers Continue Historic Strike Human Rights Watch report Israel structurally shooting unarmed Gaza civilians. ProRussia forces free Swedish military observer held in Ukraine It wasn't immediately clear why only Johansson was released, but the proRussian insurgents had accused the group of being NATO spies and Sweden isn't a member of the transAtlantic alliance. Missing Flight MH370 Exploration company believes it may have found MH370 Food Prices In Russia Grew 40 times faster than in Europe for 1st quarter of 2014 Mayor of eastern Ukrainian city shot Hungarians march against antiSemitism after farright poll gains Ukraine crisis EU set to intensify Russia sanctions US judge rules search warrants extend to overseas email accounts Mayor of Kharkov, Ukraine shot in back, hospitalized Syria's Assad to run for third term as president Russian vicepremier visits North Korea to discuss economic ties The Toll Of 5 Years Of Drone Strikes 2,400 Dead Russia Unexpectedly Raises Main Rate as S&P Lowers Rating Ukraine kidnapped observers paraded by proRussian gunmen in Slavyansk Snowden to reveal secrets of Arab dictators Pirate Party founder Rick Falkvinge admits using drugs and enjoying it, slams Sweden for deranged and destructive drugs policy that leads police to arrest anyone on any bullshit suspicion Turkey to require pet owners to undergo mandatory certification. A new law also will forbid the sale of most animals in pet shops. U.S. Taped Moscow Plotting Chaos Ukraine loses at least $80 billion since Russia takes Crimea Ukraine has lost at least $80 billion since Russia annexed its southern Crimea region and the price tag will be much higher when Kiev includes lost profits and the value of possible energy reserves in the Black Sea. The Chernobyl arch alone will end up costing about $1.5 billion, financed largely by the United States and about 30 other nations. The Pentagon says Russia's defense chief has assured Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that Russia will not invade Ukraine Rio Olympics preparations 'worst' I have ever seen, says IOC vicepresident Dispatch 31  Simon Ostrovsky describes his kidnapping Saudi Arabia criticises Norway over human rights record Israel okayed nearly 14,000 settler homes Prosecutor General Yanukovych took $32 billion to Russia, financing separatism in Ukraine A television debate show in northern India has ended in horror after a spectator set himself ablaze and embraced a local politician 30,000 Chinese Factory Workers Strike Against Maker of Nike Sneakers IED kills one Ukrainian soldier, injures one. Stop using Microsoft's IE browser until bug is fixed, US and UK warn Several wounded when proRussian separatists attacked a rally in support of Ukrainian unity US senators remove requirement for disclosure over drone strike victims | World news No sign of Russian troops withdrawing from Ukraine borderNATO official European Union moves to end smartphone patent wars Video of South Korean ferry's captain being rescued in his underwear, and speakers telling students to not move. Israel's High Court rules in favor of Palestinians in the West Bank Area C Russian says was 'irresponsible' to send monitors to east Ukraine Russia, Iran In Talks To Sign $10 Billion Energy Deal Ukraine's ProRussian Candidate Quits Presidential Race Afghan couple hack off nose, ears of cleric who sexually assaulted their daughter WHO says world poised for 'postantibiotic' era U.S. would react immediately if Russia invaded Ukraine, says American ambassador US offers $5 million bounty for China executive accused of trying to sell missile technology to Iran Afghans repel attack by 300 militants on base, kill 60 militants Japan to refuse entry to 23 Russians due to sanctions over Crimea annexation Fukushima Nuclear Plant Operator Tepco announces $4.3 Billion Profit Scorpions drummer James Kottak jailed in Dubai for insulting Islam Russian Deputy Prime Minister says After analyzing the sanctions against our space industry, I suggest to the USA to bring their astronauts to the International Space Station using a trampoline Ukraine 'on full combat alert' against possible Russia invasion Explosion at Xinjiang's largest train station, cause and casualties still unclear China poised to pass US as world's leading economic power this year American Abu Ghraib Prisoner Disappears Shawki Ahmed Omar disappeared around the time the others were transferred. Repeat requests for information on his whereabouts by his family have fallen on the deaf ears of the Iraqi authorities; the US authorities claim to know nothing as well. Russia parliament approves Internetrestricting bills Gunmen have stormed Libya's parliament and started shooting, according to officials. Kiev says security forces helpless to restore order in east, as more buildings seized Prosecutor Yanukovych's 'Mafia' Government Stole Up To $100 Billion From Ukraine And Some Of It Is Funding Rebels. Pakistan's spy agency ISI accused of kidnapping and killing journalists | Amnesty International details journalists' claims of harassment, intimidation and attacks at the hands of military intelligence. New satellite imagery confirms continued activity at North Korea's main nuclear test site that is consistent with preparations for an atomic detonation David Cameron has pledged to step down as Prime Minister after next years general election if he could not deliver on his promise to hold a referendum on Britains membership of the European Union. 1.4 million workers are employed on zerohours contracts in Britain annually Hess and Mercuria Added to Crude Oil PriceFixing Suit; joining BP, Shell, and Statoil in alleged conspiracy [Bloomberg] Reallife Atlantis? The world's megacities that are sinking 10 times faster than water levels are rising  Scientists have issued a new warning to the worlds coastal megacities that the threat from subsiding land is a more immediate problem than rising sea levels caused by global warming. ProRussia separitists seize control in another Ukrainian city Guardian obtains footage of police officer firing Taser at naked man France agrees workers can give days off to colleagues with sick children France has passed a law allowing workers to give some of their days off to a colleague with a seriously ill child. The idea came from the case of a man whose colleagues donated 170 days while his son was battling cancer. Germany blocks Edward Snowden from testifying in person in NSA inquiry The German government has blocked Edward Snowden from giving personal evidence in front of a parliamentary inquiry into NSA surveillance, it has emerged hours before Angela Merkel travels to Washington for a meeting with Obama. New video emerges of Rob Ford smoking crack in his sister's basement last Saturday Google breaks Canadian privacy laws with ads based on personal health information Egypt mass death sentences 60% of defendants have evidence that proves they were not present at the scene of the crime. One woman reveals her son, who died three years ago, has also been convicted in the case. Vladimir Putin demands Ukraine withdraw troops from troubled eastern regions UK slips down global press freedom list due to Snowden leaks response | British government's draconian response to the Guardian's reporting sees UK drop five places on Freedom House list Hundreds of kidnapped Nigerian school girls reportedly sold as brides to militants for $12 Declassified documents reveal that Thatcher's government dismissed Ronald Reagan as a bumbling, homophobic bozo Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams arrested over murder of widowed mother abducted from her home in 1972 A surreptitiously taped video clip that surfaced Tuesday shows the mayor of Mexicos busiest cargo port seemingly receiving instructions from the chief of the Knights Templar crime group. Edward Snowden NSA Spies More on Americans Than Russians  We watch our own people more closely than anyone else in the world. The death of Clayton D. Lockett in Oklahoma produced more than the usual horror in Europe, with Britain and France condemning the execution and calling for the abolition of the death penalty. Outdoor grills banned in Beijing UN asks Australia to reconsider dumping on Great Barrier Reef Merkel rules out military intervention over dispute in Ukraine Putin 'to visit Crimea' for May 9 military parade Moscow revives Red Square Sovietera May Day parade Australian government to advocate for the end of universal healthcare Kindergartens In China Suspected of Drugging Students To Boost Attendance Antibiotic resistance now 'global threat', WHO warns German officials demand justice after exchange student killed in Montana Afghan opium production explodes despite billions spent, says US report. Report by DC's Afghanistan war watchdog found opium cultivation unaffected by $7.5bn US spent to combat it World Bank India Overtakes Japan as Worlds Third Largest Economy U.S. general Corruption, not Taliban, the worst threat to Afghanistan Billionaire dies and leaves $3.3 billion to charity 'Many dead' in Ukraine offensive, rebels killed, injured and arrested in Ukraine offensive NeoNazis spark first church alarm since WWII The churches in Jnkping, Sweden, rang their bells in warning for two hours on May Day as neoNazis took to the streets. The alarm marked the first of its kind for the central Sweden town since World War II broke out. Top 1% taking lion's share of global growth, OECD says Australia to raise the retirement age to 70 SpaceX gets injunction preventing US jet manufacturers from buying Russian rocket engines. 1,000 native women murdered, missing in Canada over 30 years RCMP Denmark leads the charge in renewable energy | By 2020, the country aims to produce 70 percent of its energy from renewable sources and to make the switch to renewables completely by midcentury. Today, we're already at 43 percent, said Kristoffer Bttzauw Russia to Ukraine Your military actions are criminal North Korea releases list of U.S. human rights abuses The U.S. is a living hell NATO official Russia now an adversary Putin says Geneva agreement no longer viable after Ukrainian military action A spokesman for the Russian president has said the Geneva agreement to defuse the situation in eastern Ukraine is no longer viable after Kiev launched a military operation against the rebelheld city of Slavyansk. Ukraine reinstates conscription to deal with problems in the East Ukrainian Ambassador to NATO We do not want any country or organisation to deploy military forces on our territory...if Ukrainian borders are crossed by Russian troops, we will protect our country. UNESCO condemns dredge waste dumping in Barrier Reef waters Recommends Australian marine park be considered for inclusion on the World Heritage in danger list. Ukraine helicopter shot down in Slovyansk New Virus Related To Smallpox Is Found In Republic Of Georgia Kremlin Says Ukraine Clashes Destroy All Hope for Diplomatic Agreement Ethiopian Security Forces Open Fire on Oromo Student Protesters, Killing 28 Ukraine says Russian 'saboteurs' attempted to cross border ProRussian rebels in Slaviansk say Ukraine tries to retake town, gunfire heard US troops head to Latvia as Ukraine crisis continues, us troops to train with live fire and 50 lbs of gear. Russia demands Security Council meeting on Ukraine Merkel asks Putin's help in freeing European hostages in Ukraine Belgium just signed into law saying that chronically ill minors can be euthanized.