 American jailed in United Arab Emirates for Facebook posts made in the USA France wants companies to make appliances that last longer Islamic scholar Zakir Naik, who said Muslims can have sex with female slaves, gets Saudi Arabia's highest honour Snowden ready to go to US if he gets fair trial  whistleblower's lawyer Court lets child porn MP Edathy off with fine India 400 men cut off their testicles to 'get closer to God' following advice from 'guru' Britains Elite Still Enjoying a Tax Break 100 Years Old. World Too Much Human Poo on Mount Everest, Says Nepal Nasdaq closes above 5,000 for 1st time in 15 years Russia's Gulag Museum Shuts Doors Amid Mounting State Pressure A museum commemorating the victims of Sovietera political repressions is closing down after months of government pressure Russians to Spend More Than Half of Their Income on Food Lost City Discovered in Honduran Rain Forest Obama Netanyahu made all sorts of claims. This was going to be a terrible deal. This was going to result in Iran getting $50 billion worth of relief. Iran would not abide by the agreement. None of that has come true. Canadian Conservative MP James Lunney tweets against evolution Member of Parliament advises on Twitter to just 'stop calling evolution fact!' The chief witness in the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, the Ukrainian model who was girlfriend, was able to leave Russia and is now on her way to Kiev Russia Prepared To Give China 50% Stakes in Oil And Gas Fields Iran rejects US demand for 10year freeze on nuclear program Ukraine's central bank raises key interest rate to 30% from 19.5% Plastic garbage is being eaten by coral mistaking it for food in the Great Barrier Reef, raising alarm over possible ecosystem damage The Syrian Army captures more than 20 villages and towns from The Islamic State in Northern Syria Venezuelan government has responded to increased pressure from Washington by revoking visa rights for former US politicians such as George W. Bush and Dick Cheney, described by President Nicolas Maduro as terrorists against the peoples of the world Officials Mom Knew Her Son Mohammed Emwazi Was 'Jihadi John' The Argentine government officially nationalized the countrys railway system today, a measure announced by President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner yesterday. The private concessionaries will not be compensated ISIS will carry out '9/11 in Europe within two years', claims Gaddafi's exiled cousin Christian militia in Syria defends ancient settlements against Isis  Fighters try to protect last pockets of Assyrian Christians after Islamic State kills dozens, captures 300 hostages and forces thousands into exile UK should begin decriminalising drugs, say Richard Branson and Nick Clegg Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi asks Indonesian President and heavy metal fan Joko Widodo to stop execution of Australian drug smugglers Paraguay Next to Legalize Marijuana Says President of Congress Putin has called for an end to shameful political killings in Russia UK Sex gangs may have abused hundreds of girls; children have suffered on an industrial scale says PM Some 12,000 Russian soldiers in Ukraine supporting rebels U.S. commander American billionaire Paul Allen has announced the discovery of the famous World War Two Japanese battleship, the Musashi, more than 70 years after it was sunk by US forces Benjamin Netanyahu didn't offer 'viable alternatives' during Iran speech Obama Harper government won't let former Prime Ministers testify on antiterror bill C51 in Canada, but will hear from US Homeland Security's Jeh Johnson. An ancient tomb belonging to Amenhotep, guard of the temple of Egyptian deity Amun, has been discovered in the southern city of Luxor, the Egypt's antiquities ministry said on Tuesday. The ministry said the tomb probably dates to the New Kingdom's 18th Dynasty (15431292 BC). A European first Ireland passes laws banning branded cigarette packets A sign of the times References to Stalin's crimes removed from Soviet Gulag prison museum The leader of one of Mexico's most notorious drugs gang, the Zetas cartel, has been captured by security forces, officials say A Delhi court has banned a documentary film about the December 2012 fatal gang rape of a woman over concerns about derogatory comments made by one of the rapists but its filmmaker has said it will be released as planned. German NSA inquiry chief's phone hacked, then interfered with in transit by 'persons unknown' A former Royal Marine has become the first Briton to be killed while fighting alongside Kurdish forces against Islamic State in Syria US Soldiers Readying for Ukraine Deployment The US Army is preparing to send approximately 300 troops at a time to train Ukrainian forces in western Ukraine, according to documents posted on a government contracting site. TASS Russia  Car tied to Nemtsov killing belongs to enterprise serving government bodies An Al Jazeera journalist has been fined 1,000 (725;$1,120) for flying a drone in Paris last week in the midst of a security alert sparked by unexplained drone sightings across the city. Afghan Army lost 40000 personnel to desertions and casualties in first year after NATO left Canadian government pushing First Nations to give up land rights for oil and gas profits Illegal elephant tusk vendor convicted with help of radiocarbon dating Toronto company fined after dating technique used for 1st time. 509 essential drugs get cheaper in India Indian state bans the possession and sale of beef, imposing fines and up to five years in prison for violations. Afghan army suffers heavy combat losses US Study Confirms That Abstinence Education Has Utterly Failed At Preventing AIDS In Africa The father of a woman who died after a savage gangrape in Delhi said he thought everyone should watch a documentary about the attack broadcast by the BBC but banned in India If a man can speak like that in jail, imagine what he would say if he was walking free, said the father of the victim The car used in Putin critic's killing belongs to an 'inhouse security service'. The Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, has reacted to Binyamin Netanyahus speech to the US Congress by saying that the world and the American people are too intelligent to take advice from an aggressive and occupier regime that has itself developed an arsenal of nuclear weapons. India's government has asked YouTube to remove all links to a controversial documentary about the gang rape and murder of a woman in Delhi after banning its broadcast. Iran We saved the Jews three times; Netanyahu should learn history A report outlining the extent of Russia's military involvement in Ukraine, which was being prepared by Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov before his murder a few days ago, will be completed and published, opposition activists say The Green Party in Germany is proposing a draft law to legalize cannabis Snowden says U.S. not offering fair trial if he returns Scientists have unearthed the jawbone of what they claim is one of the very first humans. The 2.8 millionyearold specimen is 400,000 years older than researchers thought that our kind first emerged. Jihadi Johns Father Says His Son Is A Dog And Can Go To Hell China tries to ditch its coal addiction, reduce energy intensity. Country would aim to raise wind power capacity to 200 gigawatts (GW) and solar to around 100 GW by 2020, up from 95.8 GW and 26.5 GW respectively at the end of 2014. #snowdenNZ  Leaked documents show New Zealand spies on its Pacific friends and sends the data to the US | GCSB collects phone calls, emails and internet data from NZ's closest and most vulnerable neighbours, secret papers reveal Chemical fire in Vancouver port. People told to close windows and stay home as far away as Burnaby. UK Police Admit Their Money Laundering Investigations Only Hit the 'Tip of the Iceberg' Britain's advertising watchdog banned an Israeli government tourism advert for suggesting that the Old City of Jerusalem was part of Israel on Wednesday. India threatens BBC over rapist interview Remains of First Known Human Found in Ethiopia The 2.8millionyear old remains consist of a fossil lower jaw and teeth. They were unearthed at the LediGeraru research area at Afar Regional State, Ethiopia. A court in Moscow has convicted a Russian police officer on charges of spying for the United States and sentenced him to 15 years in prison US ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert injured by armed attacker while giving lecture, local media report. Putin Sounds the Alarm Over Budding 'Color Revolutions' in Russia President Vladimir Putin urged Interior Ministry officials on Wednesday to focus on smothering budding color revolutions, thus bolstering the current political climate by reinforcing a widespread fear of domestic enemies Edward Snowden says Canadian spying has weakest oversight in Western world The US military's top officer, General Martin Dempsey, told lawmakers on Wednesday it was possible special operations forces could eventually be sent to Syria to back up Americantrained rebels 300 staff working for lawmakers have lobbying interests, analysis reveals Iran's supreme leader has terminal cancer Lockheed Martin Claims Sustainable Fusion Is Within Its Grasp Nasa finds evidence of a vast ancient ocean on Mars Astronomers Observe Supernova and Find They're Watching the Same Star Explode Over and Over Again Nasa, has confirmed that its Dawn probe has gone into orbit around Ceres, the largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. Indian mob breaks into jail, beats rape suspect to death ExMossad chief calls Netanyahu's Iran speech ullshit' A Russian official has accused US fast food giants McDonalds and Coca Cola of waging war against citizens by aggressively marketing unhealthy products to them New study says SSRI antidepressants need to be added to list of drugs that induce withdrawal symptoms upon discontinuation. SSRI withdrawal symptoms include depression and anxiety which are being confused with relapse of original illnesses and causing people to stay on drugs longer than needed. Quebec resident Alain Philippon charged at Halifax airport for not giving up phone password Snowden says he'd like to return to Geneva. Edward Snowden has made a public appeal for Switzerland to grant him asylum, saying he would like to return to live in Geneva, where he once worked undercover for the Central Intelligence Agency. U.S. ambassador gets 80 stitches after knife attack ISIL commander treated in a hospital in western Turkey, Governors office confirms. Dutch jihadists should die before returning to Netherlands Prime Minister Rutte New Zealand Customs propose that it be given blanket authority to force people to disclose passwords to their computers and smartphones at the border. Failure to do so without a reasonable excuse would result in up to 3 months prison. NASA Spacecraft Set for Historic Arrival at Dwarf Planet Ceres Today Chemistry teacher jailed 6 years for trying to join Islamic State Iran blinds acid attacker in 'eye for an eye' punishment. Man has eye gouged out by medics in first known case of retribution five years after he blinded another man. Adidas is Closing 200 Stores in Russia Police Chief says of tunnel near York University that stoked unfounded terrorist fears Maybe this is just the coolest fort ever, as man comes forward to say it was just a mancave built to chill and have bbq in. Syrian warplanes kill 13 senior leaders of al Qaeda affiliate ISIS fighters bulldoze ancient Assyrian palace in Iraq Nisman former wife Alberto Nisman did not commit suicide, he was murdered Tajik opposition leader Umarali Kuvatov, who had been living in exile in Turkey, was killed by a single shot to the head in the Turkish city of Istanbul, opposition sources Suspected terror attack in Jerusalem; 3 officers hurt French Authorities ID 3 Palestinian Suspects Responsible for 1982 Terror Attack in Paris' Jewish Quarter NASAs chief confirms it Without Russia, the $140 billion space station would be lost. Electric car sales in Norway continue to break records, increase by 130% in one year. Lenovo only earned $250k to infect customers with Superfish Chinas wind farms can now produce more energy than all of Americas nuclear plants World's first LSD brain imaging study seeks funds through crowdfunding. The study is looking to reveal how LSD can heal illnesses such as depression, anxiety, and addiction. Two men have been arrested over the murder of Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov IS destroying another ancient archaeological site in Iraq British internet troll sued for 100,000 after leaving scathing review of a Coloradobased law firm on google maps. US government still hunting WikiLeaks as Obama targets whistleblowers | The Department of Justice and the FBI are pursuing a multisubject longterm investigation of the openinformation website, court documents reveal 230 kilo of meth found on Chinese travelers at Russian Airport, turned out to be tofu ISIS ulldozed' ancient Assyrian city of Nimrud, Iraq says Denmark Calls for Muhammad cartoons in school textbooks Syrian Air Force kills ISIS commander and destroyed an ISIS convoy of military vehicles. China rocked by former state TV news anchor linking her baby's tumour to the country's terrible air pollution in hardhitting film seen by more than 200 million North Korean diplomat stopped with nearly $1.4m in gold at Dhaka airport Pope faces unprecedented opposition from within the Church for his appointment of a Bishop in Chile who covered up for Chile's most notorious pedophile. Holding Bishops accountable is one of main priorities of Pope's Sex Abuse committee. Greece to pass antiausterity bill to guarantee food and electricity to thousands in poverty An Afghan artist walked through the streets of Kabul wearing metal armour in a bid to denounce sexual harassment, a courageous performance that nearly got her lynched. Porn Filmed At Egypts Pyramids Sparks Outrage The Czech Constitutional Court has confirmed that the Ministry of Health can determine that certain vaccines are mandatory and fine parents for noncompliance IS bulldozing of ancient city condemned as war crime Thousands rally against TPP 'Sweden shouldn't end controversial Saudi deal' | Prominent business leaders, including the chairman of Swedish fashion brand H&M, have called for Sweden not to end a controversial military arms deal with Saudi Arabia, in an opinion piece in the Dagens Nyheter newspaper. Georgia slams Russias military exercises on Georgian occupied land Dollar picks up to 11 years high, Euro struggles MH370's underwater locator beacon expired more than a year before it vanished. Boko Haram 'joins Islamic State' Tens of thousands fill Rabin Square in Israel for antiNetanyahu rally Suspect in Russian Politicians Killing Blows Himself Up, Report Says NSA Global Spy Stations Revealed 'Sniff It All, Collect It All, Know It All, Process It All, Exploit It All' Latest documents leaked by Snowden offer new insight into mysterious 'domes of Waihopai' and the global spy network of which they represent only a part Shipment containing 221kg of lithium ion (Liion) batteries on Malaysia Airlines (MAS) Flight MH370 was not screened before being loaded The Israeli navy opened fire on boats off the coast of the Gaza Strip on Saturday, killing one Palestinian fisherman, Gaza hospital officials said. Venezuela will begin installing 20,000 fingerprint scanners at supermarkets nationwide in a bid to stamp out hoarding and panic buying Occidental Petroleum has agreed to compensate Perus Achuar tribe for polluting its territories deep in the Amazon rainforest, concluding seven years of litigation and handing the indigenous group a hardfought victory against a U.S. oil giant Canadian soldier killed by friendly fire in Iraq Indonesian clothes company sorry for 'sexist' labels Washing instructions Give this shirt to a woman. It's her jo Indonesia got 189 of its own citizens off death row internationally, but still insists on executing two Australian citizens Pornography vs art Facebook loses jurisdiction battle in France over case of French teacher who got his account banned for posting a picture of a 19thcentury painting Russia Says Security Cameras Weren't Pointing at Nemtsov Shooting  But Blogger's Photo Suggests They Were Young Canadians conversion to radical Islam leaves family devastated Father gives up hope of changing his son, who has become a cheerleader for the Islamic State terrorists and has landed himself on the radar of CSIS Australia imposes Arabic ban at maximum security jail ISIS is a bunch of crazy people Jordan's Queen Rania Support for Putin Among Russian Voters Doubles Canada's AntiTerror Bill Allows Intel Obtained By Torture, Says Green Party Leader, says it throws out Canada's wellestablished rules that prevent police from using illegallyobtained information. Isis vandalism has Libya fearing for its cultural treasures Indian Railways Plans 1,000 Megawatts of Solar Energy Projects Berlin Alarmed Over NATO Aggressive Stance on Ukraine While the ban on female nationals watching live sports games seems set to remain, Foreign women may be allowed to attend football matches in Iran, an Iranian Official says Saudi Arabia has passed India to become the world's biggest arms importer Federal agents raid 20 suspected 'maternity tourism hotels' in California; Chinese women pay up to $50,000 to have their children gain US citizenship. Indian news channel NDTV left its screen blank for an hour on Sunday evening in protest of the ban on Indias Daughter, a documentary about the 2012 Delhi rape. Two California Tourists Arrested For Engraving Their Names In Rome's Colosseum And Taking A Selfie Russian President Vladimir Putin has revealed he planned the annexation of Crimea four days before unidentified gunmen appeared in the region. India wants global ban on gang rape documentary Giant tomb of a Iron Age Celtic prince discovered just 100km from Paris in Champagne, contains exceptional archaeological treasures fitting for one of the highest elite of the end of the first Iron Age Of Canada's antiterror bill C51, BC Premier Christy Clark says When you give up personal freedoms, it's very hard to get them back. Unidentified gunmen kill more than 12 Islamic State militants in eastern Syria German professor cites rape culture in India to refuse student internship  India, News Liberia's last ebola patient is out of the Hospital. 'He Stabbed Me, Darling,' Indian Techie Killed in Sydney, Told Husband on the Phone German Teenager Dies Fighting ISIS in Syria Report German Official Says Saudi Arabia Top Terror Exporter In Middle East Swedish Minister 'Silencedy Saudis at Arab League Russia jails five Chechen men in killing of Putin critic Boris Nemtsov All Canadians would be trapped in antiterror legislations web, warns privacy commissioner, saying it is excessive, and safeguards against abuse are seriously deficient. Students of the Technical University of Crete have built a hydrogen car that has won international awards, yet Greek legislation prevents production of the vehicle Canada bringing back Buffalo to Banff National Park, a species that once roamed the plains of Western Canada by the millions. Putin describes secret operation to seize Crimea Over 2 Million Migratory Birds Killed in Cyprus  to feed an illicit taste for the delicacy. Study shows a dramatic situation of this illegal activity sadly taking place, with number of nets used almost doubling in 2014. Lime sticks trap birds, leaving them to dangle helplessly. Saudi Arabia rejects human rights criticism after flogging of blogger Badawi North Korean dictator Kim JongUn has been attempting to show off his feminist credentials  by handing out makeup during an airbase visit on International Women's Day. Israel's Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman Those [Palestinian citizens] who are against us deserve to have their heads chopped off with an axe. Facebook atheist risking jail seeks to flee Egypt Karim alBanna, who on Monday could hear an appeal court uphold his threeyear jail term for insulting Islam with his atheism, wishes he could live anywhere but his native Egypt. Over 25,000 test positive for Swine Flu in India, 1370 deaths so far UN report says Australia's treatment of asylum seekers breaches torture convention The White House on Monday sharply rebuked nearly four dozen Republican senators who sent a letter to Iranian leaders just as nuclear negotiations reach a pivotal moment, characterizing the correspondence as an illegitimate interference in President Obamas foreign policy. U.K. Parliament says banning Tor is unacceptable and impossible Ecstasy, ketamine and crystal meth are currently legal in Ireland due to a ruling in the Court of Appeal on the Misuse of Drugs Act 1977 this morning. Qatar should be stripped of the 2022 World Cup in order to rectify the mistake of awarding them the tournament, the outgoing Fifa executive committee member Theo Zwanziger has said. CIA hacked iPhone, iPad and Mac security  Snowden documents reveal extent of privacy invasion ISIS call for demolition of Egypts Sphinx, pyramids Time to 'move on' from Snowden surveillance revelations, says UK foreign secretary  Foreign secretary says debate sparked by US whistleblower Edward Snowden cannot be allowed to run on forever President Vladimir Putin awarded a state honor to a man suspected by Britain of using radioactive polonium to poison Kremlin critic Alexander Litvinenko in London Iran's Foreign Minister To U.S. Senators 'The World Is Not The United States' Putin Signs Amendments Lowering Penalties For Bribes Britain's divided decade the rich are 64% richer than before the recession, while the poor are 57% poorer Ten dead, including French sporting stars, in helicopter crash in Argentina  Olympic gold medalist swimmer Camille Muffat and Olympic boxer Alexis Vastine among those killed as reality TV show filming ends in disaster President Barack Obama issued an executive order on Monday declaring Venezuela a national security threat, sanctioning seven individuals and expressing concern about the Venezuelan government's treatment of political opponents. Bank Records Reveal Saudi Elites Gave Millions to Boston Marathon Bombers' Mosque US army tanks arrive in Baltics amid mounting Russian invasion fears Earth entering period of fastest climate change seen in last 1,000 years Wikimedia Foundation, the nonprofit organization that runs free online encyclopedia Wikipedia, will file a lawsuit against the National Security Agency and the U.S. Department of Justice, challenging the government's mass surveillance program. China warns Canada not to allow Hong Kong democracy leader to speak to Canadian parliamentary committee Pakistan Jampur Police torture rape victim, family for protesting Parents who praise children too much may encourage narcissism, says study. Researchers following more than 500 children say parental warmth may be a better strategy than inflating the ego A blaze at a mosque in Eskilstuna in central Sweden that injured five people on Christmas Day was caused not by a firebomb but by an overheated deep fryer, a police source told a local newspaper. NZ Prime Minister John Key Retracts Vow to Resign if Mass Surveillance Is Shown Report Saudi Arabia accuses western media of attacking its sovereignty ProRussia fighters have withdrawn weapons, says Ukraine president Amnesty International warns antiterrorism bill could target activists Pope Francis has called for greater transparency in politics and said elections should be free from backers who fund campaigns in order to prevent policy being influenced by wealthy sponsors. Britain may broadcast Putin's financial secrets to Russia Homeopathy not effective for treating any condition, Australian report finds The Euro has lost 35% of its value since last May, and is continuing to drop Russia says has right to deploy nuclear weapons in Crimea India Launches Its First Indigenous Rotavirus Vaccine. At $1, It Is The Cheapest In The World Boeing 3d prints 20,000 aircraft parts and files a patent for their 3d printing method. State Dept. hack the 'worst ever' Russian hackers, likely working for the Russian government, are suspected in the State Department hack. Somali families living in Britain and the United States are bringing their daughters to Kenya to secretly undergo female genital mutilation (FGM) as their home countries crack down on the internationally condemned practice. New Island emerges in Pacific Ocean ISIS sympathizer arrested after plotting to bomb U.S. consulate in Toronto CBSA About 80 children rescued from a Boko Haram camp in Cameroon cannot remember their own names or origins, according to an aid official who visited them. Varoufakis unsettles Germans with admission Greece won't repay debts Greece's justice minister on Wednesday warned that German property could be seized in compensation for wartime atrocities, in an escalating war of words with Berlin over Athens' current EU loan deal. Bibi in big trouble New poll shows Israeli PM in danger of losing bid for fourth term ISPs block Pirate Bay proxy sites in battle against online piracy Newfound Egyptian Tomb Has Colorful Murals of Man and Wife The world's strongest teenage girl, 15yearold Russian powerlifter Maryana Naumova, asks 'Terminator' to save RussiaU.S. ties As many as 15 attackers have stolen millions of euros' worth of jewels from two high security vans at a French motorway toll booth Jeremy Clarkson 'punch' Top Gear episodes to be dropped Iran aims to ban vasectomies and cut access to contraceptives to boost births Greece to demand WWII reparations from Germany Athens threatens to seize German assets over WWII reparations Gang suspected of using forced labor & illegally dumping tens of thousands of tons of rubbish across England arrested Obama Said to Resist Growing Pressure From All Sides to Arm Ukraine A 42yearold woman running for mayor in a violent southwestern Mexican state has been kidnapped and decapitated. More than 200 witchdoctors and traditional healers have been arrested in Tanzania in a crackdown on the murder of albinos for their body parts. The latest victims include a oneyearold albino boy, killed in northwestern Tanzania a few weeks ago. Richest man in US Congress would be 166th richest in China's congresses Boko Haram Surrounded on All Sides by UnitedMilitary Forces The Wikimedia Foundation believes it can win its case against the NSA because it has evidence that mass surveillance had caused it harm, cofounder Wales said | We have proof that it's actually impacting us from the Snowden documents. Wikipedia was specifically targeted for upstream surveillance Town in Canada bans spitting, swearing, and gathering in groups larger than 3; Lawyers' group claims law unconstitutional, will defend those charged for free. Second exMossad chief joins chorus criticizing Netanyahu Dalai Lama says he may not reincarnate. China Decisionmaking power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama... resides in the central government of China. World Putin Responsible for Murder of Boris Nemtsov Says Daughter Alzheimer's memory loss reversed by breakthrough treatment using ultrasound, scientists in Australia discover. Scientists will be reopening the LHC after increasing its energy output by 62.5%. They're hoping it will show evidence for Supersymmetry, a theory that fills in gaps with the standard model that were previously not possible to achieve. New Iran laws reduce women to babymaking machines  Amnesty An Afghan artist has been forced into hiding after receiving death threats for dressing in a metal suit featuring exaggerated breasts and buttocks. Kubra Khademi wore the unusual armour in a performance on the streets of Kabul to highlight the problems of sexual harassment faced by women. The U.N. torture investigator accused the United States on Wednesday of stalling on his requests to visit its prisons where 80,000 people are in solitary confinement and to interview inmates at Guantanamo on his terms. Norwegian Researchers Are Crowdfunding to Make Psychedelics and MDMA Free for Global Medical Use | VICE News New Zealand Witnesses Protests Against Trans Pacific Pact Critics Allege TPP Is Harmful To Common Man 250YearOld Pretzel Unearthed by German Archaeologists The main suspect in the murder of Nemtsov says he confessed under torture 30 Feared Dead in Shopping Center Fire in Russian City of Kazan A number of British intelligence staff have been sacked for inappropriately accessing personal information, it has emerged. The revelation came as the results of a longawaited report by Parliament's Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC) were published. Google algorithm changes allow company press releases to top news searches Reporters Without Borders Unblocks Banned News Websites U.S.trained and armed Iraqi military units, the key to the American strategy against ISIS, are under investigation for committing some of the same atrocities as the terror group Czech secret services have found three russian spies China interested in Athens Airport  Plans to make it main Gateway of China into Europe with 50+ million Chinese entering per year German antivaccer wagers  100,000 to anyone proving the existance of the measles virus. Researcher sends him articles proving the virus' existance and takes him to court where he's ordered to pay the full amount. Iran The letter by American senators indicates the collapse of political ethics in the United States The Euro and the US Dollar are now worth the same amount Canadian school takes 21 students out of school as parents refuse to vaccinate them while a measles outbreak reaches 119 cases Penis transplant declared successful for the first time in history NASA Finds Warm Underground Ocean Beneath Ganymede, Jupiter's Largest Moon (pictures/indepth resources) South African mercenariesseen as relics of apartheid after officially being banned in 1998are now back in action in Nigeria, where they're covertly whacking Boko Haram in nighttime raids German FM US Republican Iran letter 'not helpful' an 'understatement'. It is creating the advantage for the Iranians. It is hurting our position in the negotiations. Statues destroyed by Islamic State in Mosul were copies Finland Twothird of parliament candidates favor basic income Chilling Syrian numbers 83% of electricity cut, life expectancy drops 20 years New mystery 'suicide' in Ukraine  A former regional governor has been found dead in Ukraine, the latest in a series of deaths involving allies of deposed President Viktor Yanukovych. Australia bans hunting 'trophies' from lions entering or leaving the country  Lion body parts used as trophies from hunting will no longer be allowed to be imported or exported, environment minister Greg Hunt says Canadian soldiers didn't fire back when Kurds Kurdish allies suddenly and unexpectedly swivelled their weapons away from ISIS targets to shot at the Canadian troops Nearly 13,000 tortured to death in Syria Cuba allows launch of first known free, public Internet service at Havana cultural center Spain puts 'gag' on freedom of expression as senate approves security law Greek PM says Germany owes Greece more than $170bn for atrocities committed during the Nazi occupation Banned BBC documentary on Nirbhaya gang rape in shown by activist in slum where four of the convicts in the case used to live Egypts New Capital City Revealed Indian man responds to documentary on Indian rape with his own documentary on British rape Islamic State 'using chlorine gas' in Iraq roadside bombs Remains of a necklace or bracelet made by Neanderthals have been found in Croatia. The artifacts, described in the latest issue of the journal PLOS ONE, add to the growing body of evidence that Neanderthals had their own rich culture and meaningful symbols long before Homo sapiens came to Europe. First Active Hydrothermal System Found beyond Earth Swedish prosecutors offer to question Wikileaks founder Julian Assange in London on sex assault allegations. The Pirate Party is now measured as the second biggest party in Iceland with 22% in new poll For the first time, the world economy grows while carbon emissions don't British Home Secretary Theresa May warns the public still do not grasp the scale of child sex abuse in Britain, saying it is 'woven into the fabric of our society' Police Coverup of Child Sex Abuse in Sheffield 'Bigger Than Rotherham' Russia ETF Falls As Kremlin Reportedly Prepares For 'Mysterious' Announcement Russian channel 'Rossiya 24' prematurely reports on Putin meeting which has yet to happen. ISIS Has Lost 25 Percent of Territory It Once Held in Iraq, US Says UK MPs propose that elective cosmetic genital surgery to create socalled designer vaginas should be outlawed under legislation designed to prevent female genital mutilation. Turkish President Erdogan dismisses claims that a new constitution would create dictatorship Buddhist monk calling for equal rights in Tibet arrested and disappeared U.S. Army sending armored convoy 1,100 miles through Europe March is already one of the worst months for poaching in Kenya. Seven elephants have been killed in the last two weeks, followed by two rhinos on Thursday New draft policy to increase Japans flagging birth rate includes support for matchmaking, leave policies, and fertility centers in order to jumpstart babymaking and address the countrys aging population. The national government will also support local governments sponsoring speeddating events. China has sent fighter jets to its border with Myanmar and lodged a diplomatic protest after a Myanmar warplane reportedly dropped a bomb on its territory, killing four civilians. A Man Working for an intelligence agency of an unspecified country that is part of the coalition against IS has been caught smuggling 3 UK girls for IS ISIS Destroyed Iraqi HQ and killed 40 soldiers Pope Says He May Retire From Vatican Soon Pakistani political party spent 125 billion rupees from tax payers money to purchase law makers loyalty President of Leipzig University Internal review of email exchange with rejected Indian student confirms the published email has obviously been faked. Satellites Will Beam OneWay Internet to the Earth's Most Remote Areas  A grant from the UK Space Agency will enable the Outernet project to launch a constellation of 24 satellites by the end of next year. Putin drops his American PR company Covert police unit spied on trade union members, whistleblower reveals Putin Involved in Drug Smuggling Ring, Says ExKGB Officer McCain calls Germany a Russia 'appeaser' 3 Million Whales Were Killed in the 20th Century Report Canadian citizens across the country are gathering today to oppose the proposed antiterrorist legislation (Bill C51) in a country wide Day of Action Chinese PHD expelled for 'illegal missile research' | Two academics expelled from a Norwegian University were suspected of carrying out secret research to help China build advanced highspeed missiles, Norways Police Security Service (PST) has claimed. ISIS is attempting to lure Canadian girls to travel abroad to marry them, using tactics straight out of the playbooks of sex traffickers and pedophiles, says a new documentary to be broadcast this weekend. European Parliament Declares Gay Marriage and Abortion Human Rights C.I.A. Funds Found Their Way Into Al Qaeda Coffers Fox News Military Analyst Under Fire for Saying the U.S. May Need to Kill Some Russians (Video) UK VIP Pedophilia Scandal Police pinpoint 'dungeon' flat linked to abuse parties and child murder World Kurds Say ISIS Used Chemical Weapons Swedish cartoonist who depicted the Prophet Muhammad as a dog has received a prize for courage from a free press group, at a heavily secured event in the Danish parliament. US shuts down Saudi embassy amid security fears The devil is punishing Mexico with violence Pope Francis China is World's Largest Investor in Renewable Energy Resources Jupiter's Moon Ganymede Has Salty Ocean with More Water Than Earth ExNSA director China has hacked 'every major corporation' in U.S. Cyclone Pam leaves 'most' of Vanuatu population homeless | The president of Vanuatu has told the BBC most of his people are homeless after the devastating cyclone that hit the Pacific island nation on Friday. Turkey blocks website of its first atheist association The Vice President of Sierra Leone has requested asylum at the American embassy New report provides revealing view into the socalled troll den that produces thousands of proKremlin posts and comments every day Egypt to build a new capital the size of Singapore. European Parliament calls on EU member states to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide Benjamin Netanyahu told Israel's Army Radio Sunday foreign powers have spent millions of dollars as part of an orchestrated campaign against him. He did not indicate which governments he was referring to, but said they were colluding with the media and leftist groups in a just not Bibi campaign. World ExISIS Hostage Says Jihadi John Played Lead Role in Mock Executions Thousands gather across Canada to protest proposed antiterror legislation John Kerry says the United States will have to negotiate with President Bashar al Assad More than 100 Germans fighting for separatists in eastern Ukraine Anonymous released 9,200 ISIS supporter Twitter account names to apply pressure on Twitter for suspending them World waits to see if Putin turns up Putin Orders Northern Fleet to Full Alert for Combat Readiness Exercise, include 38,000 military personnel, 3,360 pieces of equipment, 41 ships, 15 submarines, and 110 airplanes and helicopters Russia's Putin appears in public for first time since March 5 Islamic State fighters caught fleeing battlefield dressed as women Three teenagers who were stopped from travelling to Syria from Turkey have been flown back to the UK and arrested Montreal march against perceived police brutality declared illegal Tens of thousands of Brazilians are marching in cities demanding President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment and blasting what they say is deep government corruption Ukraine president calls on allies to boycott 2018 World Cup in Russia President Vladimir Putin has said he was ready to put Russia's nuclear weapons on standby during tensions over the crisis in Ukraine and Crimea Britain is likely to pass a tougher tobacco control bill on Monday that would bar cigarette makers from using their own logos on products and instead require all manufacturers to use a uniform design. ISIS fighters dress as women in desperate attempt to flee battlefield Ancient Statues Destroyed by ISIS were Fake  The ancient statues that Islamic State militants smashed in Mosul last month have been proved to be exact replicas of precious artifacts of Iraqi heritage. The real masterpieces of antiquity are said to be in Baghdad. Christians riot in Pakistan after attacks targeting churches kill 14  Washington Post US Accuses Venezuela Oil Company of $2 Bn Money Laundering Scheme Hezbollah to send 800 of their most elite fighters to Iraq to fight the Islamic State in the decisive upcoming battle for Mosul. The police watchdog is investigating alleged corruption in the Metropolitan Police, including claims it covered up child sex offences because of the involvement of police officers and MPs. Saudi beheading takes 2015 execution tally to 45 Putin was surprised at how easily Russia took control of Crimea  Washington Post A Chechen mother has kidnapped her two Dutch young children, aged 7 and 8, and has taken them to Syria to join Islamic State, Dutch prosecutors said on Monday, in the first known case in the Netherlands of kidnapping by one parent to join the militant group. Venezuelan president Nicols Maduro given power to rule by decree | World news Cyclone Pam has wiped out development in Vanuatu, its president said, amid ongoing concern over residents of the Pacific nation's outlying islands. An annual report delivered recently to the US Senate by James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, removed Iran and Hezbollah from its list of terrorism threats, after years in which they featured in similar reports Turkish jets intercept Russian military plane near Turkeys airspace Silk Road moderator Samesamebutdifferent pleads guilty, faces life in prison Irish nofrills airline Ryanair confirmed its board has approved plans to start flying lowcost transatlantic routes starting from $14 in the next five years. Stripsearched girl can't return to her school, Quebec judge rules . In the strip search, the girl was asked to remove all her clothing, including her underwear. No drugs were found. Netanyahu If I'm elected, there will be no Palestinian state France aims to criminalize advertising with anorexic models Frenchman hides Russian wife in a suitcase to sneak her into EU  Polish border guards have detained a French citizen who packed his Russian wife in a suitcase, attempting to smuggle her over the Belarus border. Officials noted later that she would've been able to enter EU legally. Canadian universal drug plan would save billions, UBC researchers say $1$5.4 billion annual public cost offsetting $8.2 billion annual private sector cost South Korea reduces water supply to North Korea Ex Mossad head predicts dramatic improvement in USIsrael relations if Netanyahu loses election ISIS Vows To Blow Up The White House, Big Ben And The Eiffel Tower Spain finds Don Quixote writer Cervantes' tomb in Madrid Germanys goal Restoring Russiaannexed Crimea to Ukraine Its important despite, or because of, this to work for a peaceful solution and not rest until the full sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine is restored, and of course this includes Crimea, Chancellor Angela Merkel said Monday Russia says it would not hand back Crimea to Ukraine, despite warnings by the United States and European Union that they will not drop sanctions over the Black Sea peninsula's annexation a year ago Mexico set to allow armed U.S. customs officials within its borders Alert after 200 metal balls coated in cyanide stolen in raid at UK industrial firm More coal plants are being cancelled than built. The number of cancelled coal projects across the world has outstripped those completed at a rate of two to one since 2010 Myanmar court jails three over 'insult to Buddhism'  The men had used a picture of Buddha wearing headphones for an online promotion Saudi Arabia says it will want same enrichment rights as Iran if nuclear deal is done | Prince alFaisal I've always said whatever comes out of these talks, we will want the same. France, Germany, and Italy to join Chinaled Bank. Adelaide, Australia Catholic Archbishop Philip Wilson has been charged with concealing child sexual abuse In slow opening of Cuban Internet, govt allows a public WiFi network Less than two months after Netflix opened up its services to Cuba, the island nation now apparently has a new, free public WiFi space US to maintain Crimea sanctions until Russian rule ends Democratic Republic of Congo wants to open up Virunga national park to oil exploration  DRC government to consult Unesco to explore judiciously in Africas most biodiverse park and a world heritage site Latvia reports two Russian black hole subs and research ship on edge of territorial waters Red Cross People in Vanuatu 'desperate' for food, water and shelter ISIS kidnaps 20 medical workers in Libya Pentagon loses track of $500 million in weapons, equipment given to Yemen Mexico Offered Sony $20M in Tax Breaks to portray country better in Bond film Egyptian woman who disguised herself as a man for 43 years in order to make a living was honored Tuesday by the government as the ideal mother Vagina piercings to count as female genital mutilation in the UK, even if they are consensual Britain's Shame Evidence Mounts of ChildAbuse CoverUp Canadas Largest Food Retailer To Sell Ugly Produce At Low Prices To Cut Food Waste Gunmen attack Tunisian parliament, may have taken hostages Mexico Bans Animals From Circus  Searching for homes for 2,000 tigers, elephants, giraffes, zebras & other exotic beasts that'll be banned from circuses. France cut welfare benefits for 290 jihadists last year Germany riot in Frankfurt targets new ECB headquarters | Dozens of people have been hurt and some 350 people arrested as antiausterity demonstrators clashed with police in the German city of Frankfurt. Almost a quarter of major Japanese companies are considering adopting the governments proposed meritbased pay system the socalled whitecollar exemption system to pay workers based on achievement rather than work hours. Egypt is serious about abandoning Cairo as the capital, with a $45B city to be built from scratch Joe Biden If you're wearing orange [a Protestant], you're not welcome in here  Democratic Unionist Party call on US Vice President to apologise for his comments Netanyahu Defeats Chief Rival in Israeli Elections Netanyahu's shock reelection leaves Israel's pollsters redfaced In Mexico journalists get as much respect from drug cartels as they get from the Mexican Government. What both don't want, both kill. Carmen Aristegui, a top journalist who exposed conflictofinterest deals of Pres. Enrique Pea Nieto, his wife and their mansions, is now off the air. Israel Elections 2015 Exit polls give Zionist Union 27, Likud 28 or in tie The EU plans to oblige member countries to share details of tax agreements made with big companies and end the practice of secret sweetheart deals legislation would require countries to automatically exchange information on their tax rulings every three months. Egypt demolishes 1,020 Rafah homes for Gaza buffer zone Palestinians Say Election Results Prove Israel No Peace Partner Netanyahu says US money driving high Arab voter turnout Nigerian army recaptures all but three areas from Boko Haram who is running with their tail between their legs according to Mike Omeri, the national security spokesman Women with vagina piercings to be classed as suffering from FGM. [Even where the women is an adult and has consented] Russia, India to join hands in space monitoring A 15yearold's design for the new 1 coin has been chosen ahead of more than 6,000 entries New Alzheimers treatment fully restores memory function  Australian researchers have come up with a noninvasive ultrasound technology that clears the brain of neurotoxic amyloid plaques The Pirate Party is now measured as the biggest political party in Iceland US removes Iran and Hezbollah from list of terror threats A former ISIS militant has revealed that young Muslim women travelling to Syria to marry jihadists are being passed between men at the rate of one husband a week. BBC News Indian students caught 'cheating' in exams  largescale practice Iran offers to reward US Oil Companies that position against GOP letter signed by 47 Senators Russian treaty with South Ossetia breaks international law NATO UN Mass Grave Found In Iraq, ISIS Suspected Of Genocide Pearson, the worlds largest maker of textbooks and academic materials, has admitted monitoring the social media use of students using its tests Greece adopts antipoverty law despite alleged EU row The legislation calls for households that were cut off because they could not pay their bills to be given a capped amount of free electricity. Up to 30,000 households would also get a housing allowance and 300,000 would receive food subsidies. Saudis halt Sweden visas in 'major escalation' Poland says it will match Russia's diplomatic hostility A US drone strike has killed the mastermind of the Westgate Mall massacre Twitter puts trillions of tweets up for sale to data miners White House 'Deeply Concerned' About Rhetoric from Netanyahu's Party New York to Cuba first direct charter flight takes off The French parliament has voted overwhelmingly in favour of a law allowing terminally ill patients to cease treatment and enter a deep sleep until they die. U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and her Japanese counterpart Akie Abe announced plans Thursday to deepen cooperation in helping girls in developing nations finish their educations, vowing to help them attain goals that many in wealthy countries take for granted. As U.S.led coalition forces confirm they shot down an ISIS drone this week, experts warn the extremists could soon adapt the technology for battle purposes. Obama snubs Netanyahu and criticises Israeli PM's 'divisive rhetoric' President has yet to call Israeli PM to congratulate him on his election victory, as White House says it will have to reevaluate its approach to peace talks Britain, France, Germany, and Italy have decided, over the objections of the United States, to join the Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank, a new internationaldevelopment institution, set up by China, that is poised to become a potential rival to the World Bank. Amazon rainforest soaking up less carbon as trees die young Israeli election still not completely decided  200,000 double envelope votes are yet to be counted. Australia's tobacco plain packaging laws successful, studies show Ten companies directly responsible for third of Australia's greenhouse gas pollution, Australian Conservation Foundation report finds France decrees new rooftops must be covered in plants or solar panels. All new buildings in commercial zones across the country must comply with new environmental legislation The CIA Just Declassified the Document That Supposedly Justified the Iraq Invasion The Australian government just passed a bill that forces ISPs to store and allow police warrantless access to the internet browsing history of all Australians Today there was an 9899% solar eclipse in Iceland. Today they also started building the first pagan temple to be built in a 1000 years in Europe. Fracking costs outweigh benefits for Germany and Europe, study says. For only a ten year supply of energy, fracking in Europe would contaminate drinking water, cause severe environmental damage and create vast industrial landscapes US threatened Berlin with intel blackout over Snowden asylum. 1 in 10 wild bees face extinction in Europe  If we don't address the roots of the decline in wild bees, and act urgently to stop it, we could pay a very heavy price indeed ExCanadian astronaut on Mars One Nobody is going anywhere in 10 years Highend Laos resort serves up illegal wildlife for Chinese tourists  Shocking undercover investigation finds restaurants offering live bear cubs to eat on request washed down with tiger bone wine in the lawless playground of Laos Golden Triangle Special Economic Zone. 77 dead in Mosque bombings in Yemen 137 Killed, 345 Injured in Suicide Attacks on Yemen Mosques Crystal with Forbidden Symmetry Found in 4.5BillionYearOld Meteorite  Based on experiments with Xrays, the newly discovered quasicrystal has a structure that resembles flat 10sided disks stacked in a column. This 10fold symmetry is an impossible structure in ordinary crystals A mob in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed a woman and set her body alight for allegedly burning a copy of the Koran. US President Barack Obama has told the Iranian people that a deal to transform the relationship between the two countries could be within reach. Violence cost Mexico $233 billion, or 17% GDP 600 Indian Students Expelled for Cheating on School Exams Conservationist murders threaten Costa Rica's ecofriendly reputation The brutal murder of Jairo Mora, who was trying to protect endangered turtle eggs, was the latest in a string of crimes against environmentalists in the country @the_intercept New Zealand used NSA's surveillance system to target officials and an anticorruption campaigner who published leaks Netanyahu to NBC I want a peaceful twostate solution China to build $1bn solar power plant in Ghana Lithuania Reintroduces Military Conscription Amid Concern Over Russia Three officials in China have resigned after an endangered Siberian tiger cub leapt to its death from an 11th floor apartment in Qingdao, eastern China, state media have reported. The Vatican announced Friday that a Scottish cardinal has resigned over allegations of sexual misconduct  the first time someone of that high office in the Catholic Church has resigned since the 1920s. Reuters became the latest website blocked in China, joining the New York Times, Bloomberg News, and Wall Street Journal Pitcairn Islands to get world's largest single marine reserve  UK govt gives go ahead in the 2015 budget to a vast marine protected area in the Pacific thats home to more than 80 species of fish, coral and algae Paris will cut the number of cars on the road in half beginning Monday and is making public transit free to combat a spike in pollution that has obscured even the Eiffel Tower under a smoggy haze Monsanto weed killer can 'probably' cause cancer World Health Organization Danish warships could become legitimate nuclear targets, warns Russian ambassador A record 38% of young Icelanders would now vote for the Pirate Party Putin calls for currency union with exSoviet allies China Airlines stewardess possibly spreads rubella to over 1,000 passengers The Abbott government has pledged an extra $100 million as part of a longterm plan for the Great Barrier Reef that it hopes will prevent the international embarrassment of having the precious site declared officially in danger by the World Heritage Committee. Ethiopia burns six tonnes of elephant ivory, vowing 'zero tolerance' to poachers Islamic State Hacking Division Posts Names and Addresses of US Military Members Behead Them in Their Homes Judge orders release of military detainee abuse photos  The U.S. must release photographs showing abuse of detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, a federal judge has ruled in a longrunning clash over letting the world see potentially disturbing images of how the military treated prisoners UK Police Deem Snowden Leak Investigation a State Secret 100 ThroatSlit Corpses Left By Boko Haram In what appears to be an execution site for the Islamist group, the partially mummified bodies were found beneath a bridge. Mexican woman who lived through revolution dies at 127 Iran leader says all nuclear issues can be resolved in talks Soldiers from Chad and Niger retook a major Nigerian town from Boko Haram; Nigerian soldiers didn't assist in the assault because they are afraid. Aboriginal 'Lifestyle Choice' to Live in Australia's Outback Will No Longer be Supported . India approves rule requiring onethird of Delhi police to be women.Decision following 2012 Delhi gang rape aims to make police more gender sensitive as city grapples with widespread violence against women. The UK government provided hundreds of millions of pounds worth of support for a controversial energy project in Brazil that is now at the centre of a sprawling corruption scandal engulfing the countrys political and business elite. German power net survives solar eclipse  An amount of power equivalent to the output of 10 nuclear power plants was coming onstream as the moon's disc gradually ended its occlusion of the sun's Two months after the jihadist attack in which staff at the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo were murdered, a split has emerged in the newsroom over the nearly 30 million euros received since the killings The European Union has produced an explosive new report recommending sanctions against Israel over its construction policies and security measures in Jerusalem Afghan cleric and others defend lynching of woman in Kabul An Afghan cleric and a police official on Friday defended the lynching of a woman in central Kabul after a mob was filmed stamping on the woman and smashing a brick on her head after she was accused of burning a Koran, Islam's holy book. 'Things happen' Australian PM on sexual assault in immigrations detention Biologists seek ban on human genome editing, which has recently become easy with a new technique Wild Bee Decline A Sign of Europe's 'Ecological Disaster' Nearly 10 percent of wild bee species in Europe face extinction, according to new study Report UK Selling billions in arms exports to countries on the human rights blacklist The US just confiscated a $180 million boat shipment of cocaine from Colombian drug traffickers Norway offers to increase EU gas supplies to reduce dependence on Russia. The coffin of a woman, killed by a mob in Kabul on an apparently false charge, has been carried by women, marking a break with Afghan funeral customs. Attackers yelling 'we will kill you' storm synagogue in London suburb. Ukrainian Former President Yanukovych's Son Reportedly Found Dead in Lake Baikal China Introduces 70% Solar Subsidy For The Poor Costa Rica Has Gotten All Of Its Energy From Renewables For 75 Days Straight UK Governments Intelligence Services Allowed To Snoop Anywhere On The Internet For Any Reason Chinese national flag found mounted to wreckage of sunk WW2 era Japanese warship Award known as the Nobel Prize for water given to an Indian campaigner who has brought water to 1,000 villages Belgium is abolishing all prison sentences under one year Serbia Asks People To Please Stop Throwing Their Grenades In The Garbage Icelandic Pirate Partys rapid rise may result in citizenship for Snowden  The Icelandic parliament has the power to bestow citizenship on applicants by a simple majority vote President Obama ''We take Netanyahu at his word when he said a Palestinian state wouldn't happen during his tenure'' Maxi pads seized in Lebanon 35 times more radioactive than limit Negotiations on the TransPacific Partnership, a potentially worldchanging trade agreement, are close to completion after nearly a decade, people involved in the talks have told CNBC. Tens of Thousands Flood Dublin Demanding Abolition of Austerity Tax On Water. Tesla selfdriving cars to be enabled through an AutoPilot update releasing soon Swedens King Carl XVI Gustaf expressed concern over his countrys diplomatic row with Saudi Arabia, offering to help in resolving the issue. The spat was triggered when Sweden's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom launched an attack on Saudi Arabia and criticized its judicial system. Turkeys top religious body says in vitro fertilization contains adultery elements, is not acceptable Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogans decision to change this years Gallipoli commemoration to coincide with Armenias marking of the 100th anniversary of the genocide was a cynical act. Pirate Party founder 'We need to reconquer democracy' Islamic State has posted online what it says are the names, U.S. addresses and photos of 100 American military service members, and called upon its brothers residing in America to kill them. King Richard III of England and France returns to the battlefield where 530 years ago he was slain U.K. Government rejects immunity for public officials who blow whistle on child sex abuse Excop claims a royal was in paedophile ring but inquiry was closed to shield Buckingham Palace from scandal Scotland Yard Investigated for Protecting Pedophiles in U.K. Suspected Nazi hideout found deep in Argentine jungle Singapores first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew dies aged 91 Oil spills keep devastating Niger Delta Amnesty International is blaming two oil giants for more than 500 oil spills in Nigeria's Niger Delta in 2014 Rhinos with poisoninfused horns are roaming the bush in South Africa, frightening away poachers who dont want sell a toxic product to their clients Japan to build huge, costly sea wall to fend off tsunamis Russian Official Tells London to 'Have a Twix' and Rethink Crimea Shell oil drilling in Arctic set to get US government permission Polish Army summons reservists Bronze Bust of Putin as Roman Emperor to Be Unveiled Oil price unlikely to rebound  Saudi official McCain Congress could defund UN if US backs Palestine bid Documents Reveal Canadas Secret Hacking Tactics Paris ends smogfighting traffic restrictions after one day Australian PM's Great Barrier Reef plan slammed English 'car park king' Richard III gets final burial. The discovery was confirmed by a DNA match with Richard's closest living relative  Canadian carpenter Michael Ibsen, who fittingly has now made the monarch's oak coffin. UN warns world could have 40 per cent water shortfall by 2030 Afghan woman, Farkhunda, killed for burning Koran laid to rest; investigator says she was innocent The UK will no longer tolerate the behaviour of Islamist extremists who reject our values, Home Secretary Theresa May has said. A Sydney theatre has refused a booking from a Jewish cultural group in a potential breach of racediscrimination laws Our policy does not support colonialism/Zionism. Therefore we do not host groups that support the colonisation and occupation of Palestine. Greek PM wrote to Merkel warning of impossible debt obligation Saudi's Opec governor Oil price unlikely to rebound New Zealand's GCSB spies monitored diplomats in line for World Trade Organisation job | Exclusive  Secret document reveals Five Eyes software used for surveillance on candidates for WTO job. Airliner crashes in French Alps White House chief of staff 50 years of Israeli occupation must end U.S. cannot pretend Netanyahu didn't say no Palestinian state would be established on his watch, Denis McDonough tells J Street conference in Washington. North Korea demands Obama to return Nobel Peace Prize Indian Supreme Court strikes down law that allowed the government to arrest people for posting offensive statements online Beijing to Shut All Major Coal Power Plants to Cut Pollution Cuba booming as tourists flock there before Americans come. US troops driving through Poland get warm welcome Report Israel spied on US nuclear talks with Iran Wild African elephants on verge of extinction, say experts  The African elephant population dropped by 80,000 from 2006 to 2013, largely because of poaching Snowden should be allowed a public interest defense, say European lawmakers | A call to extend whistleblower protection to those working in national security. The Swedish air force intercepted four Russian military jets flying without transponders along Sweden's east coast on Tuesday morning Huge unexploded WWII bomb found in London The Great Barrier Reef is under siege. About half of the reefs coral died between 1985 and 2012. Yemen 'on the brink' of civil war British Royal family member was investigated as part of paedophile ring before coverup, excop says Topsecret documents obtained by the CBC show Canada's electronic spy agency has developed a vast arsenal of cyberwarfare tools to hack into computers and phones in many parts of the world, including in friendly trade countries like Mexico and hotspots like the Middle East. Australian Senator Scott Ludlam reveals Opposition Leader Bill Shorten's phone number in protest against new surveillance laws likely to be passed Friday The Ukrainian government has given the private army of billionaire Dnepropetrovsk governor Igor Kolomoysky a day to lay down their weapons, after they occupied and erected a fence around the headquarters of the national oil company. Russia 'pouring' arms into Ukraine Russia to cut down on 5th gen fighter purchases due to new economic situation Create unrest Canadas CSE agency includes false flag operations as part of newlyrevealed cyberwarfare scope Researchers at The Ohio State University have discovered how to control heat with a magnetic field. Okinawa governor blocks controversial US marine base Escalation in dispute poses diplomatic headache for prime minister Shinzo Abe and threatens to sour relations between Japan and the US Jupiter Smashed The SuperEarth Version Of Our Solar System Julian Assange demands rape case files before Sweden questions him There was no tape draped across a finish line, but NASA is celebrating a win. The agency's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity completed its first Red Planet marathon Tuesday  26.219 miles (42.195 kilometers)  with a finish time of roughly 11 years and two months. Chinese scientists have built the worlds first hydrogenpowered tram and water is it's only emission Costa Rica is now running completely on renewable energy Costa Rica is running without having to burn a single fossil fuel, and its been doing so for 75 straight days. Jeremy Clarkson dropped from Top Gear, BBC confirms Kraft Foods to merge with Heinz creating worlds fifthlargest food group Motion To Legalize Cannabis In Italy Receives BiPartisan Support Russia proposes superhighway. London to New York City by car. Palestinians demonstrate after Egypt cuts power supply 'GuiltRidden' Japanese Engineer Kills Self HarakiriStyle over Bridge Collapse in Turkey UK 'involved in mass murder on British soil, colluded with loyalist paramilitaries in 80 deaths between 1972 and 1978' On Tuesday, President Barack Obama dismissed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus efforts to walk back his rejection of a Palestinian state and warned that the Jewish leaders comments could empower extremists and lead to violence in the region. Two Turkish cartoonists charged with insulting Erdogan face up to two years in prison for allegedly drawing one of the men making a certain gesture implying Erdogan was gay. Venezuelan doctors say they are being forced to return to outdated treatments because the country's economic crisis. We're practicing medicine from the 1940s here Ultranationalist Ukrainian battalion gears up for more fighting EU Dont use Facebook if you want to keep the NSA away from your data Iran says no to surprise inspections of nuclear sites China gives list to US of 'corrupt' officials it would like sent back | World news Saudi Arabia building up military near Yemen border NASA states that a 1000 metre wide asteroid will 'skim' the Earth on friday. An occurrence that happens once every 5000 years. Russia Tries, and Fails, to Stop UN SameSex Staff From Getting Benefits AP Investigation Men forced to work as slaves to catch seafood for global supply Wild animals can predict earthquakes several weeks before they strike, and motionactivated cameras that track their movements could be adopted in quakeprone countries as an affordable early warning system. Japan's Maritime Self Defense Force on Wednesday took delivery of the biggest Japanese warship since World War Two, the Izumo, a helicopter carrier as big as the Imperial Navy aircraft carriers that battled the United States in the Pacific. UN thwarts Russia over gay staff rights Boy, eight, on his way to join ISIS with his mother and sister had scrawled 'Jihad' on his garden shed before leaving Germanwings Pilot Was Locked Out of Cockpit Before Crash in France Germanwings plane crash Copilot 'started descent' GermanWings 9525  Villagers in Alps show solidarity and are welcoming victims families in hotels and their homes for free. Have also setup a temporary chapel in the school gym and offered to act as translators to the families. Both major Australian political parties pass sweeping mass surveillance laws. Phone & Internet records to be kept for 2 years U.S. Ready to Back Iran With Airstrikes Against ISIS Iran and the U.S. say theyve been fighting parallel wars in Iraq. But those two campaigns appear ready to become one Chechnya Speaker Vows To Arm Mexico If U.S. Gives Weapons To Ukraine A bomb blast ripped through the Istanbul offices of a radical, proISIS magazine killing a writer and wounding its editorinchief as well as two other people on Wednesday night. UK drew wrong conclusion from its neonicotinoids study, scientist says  Reanalysis of a Food & Environment Agency study may provide 1st conclusive evidence that neonicotinoids pesticides are a key factor in bee decline, despite it originally being used to support the opposite view Scotland is to ban smoking in cars with children, bringing it into line with forthcoming legislation in England and Wales to protect young people from secondhand smoke. Russia prepares to lease 12 bombers to Argentina Saudi warplanes bomb Houthi positions in Yemen US hands over 10 armored Humvees to Ukraine Putin drafts another 150,000 men into Russian army Armenia recognizes Assyrian and Greek genocides Amnesty International charges Palestinians with war crimes during Gaza conflict EU hopes to abolish Internet geoblocking  The European Commission has said it is resolved to do away with the common practice of the user IPbased blocking of some digital content on the Internet. It said geoblocking stood in the way of a modern digital market Falkland Islands Fear Russian Backed Attack Support for the death penalty among the British public has dropped below 50% for the first time despite it being suspended 50 years ago Researchers say antidepressants have sexual side effects in teens too and the effects haven't been widely studied. We are essentially conducting an experiment on our kids. Norway parliament approves new climate change law. Overwhelming majority of lawmakers back plans for country to draft tough legislation to address greenhouse gas emissions Germany bans Islamist militant group Tauhid Germany Iran asks for immediate halt to military operations in Yemen Egyptian security and military officials say Saudi Arabia and Egypt will lead a ground operation in Yemen against Shiite rebels and their allies after a campaign of airstrikes to weaken them. Israel suspends E.Jerusalem settlement building plan Ukraine crisis Four dead as passenger bus hits landmine WikiLeaks Reveals TPP Proposal Allowing Corporations to Sue Nations Australia's 140 top polluters will set their own limits for future pollution virtually penalty free, according to the Government's latest Direct Action policy paper. The Pentagon has declassified a document that was once labeled topsecret, which goes into sophisticated detail about Israels nuclear weapons program. Astronaut Scott Kelly will return from a year in space both older and younger than his twin brother Alps crash copilot 'hid existing illness' Boko Haram headquarters destroyed, Nigerian military claims Germanwings crash prompts airlines to introduce cockpit 'rule of 2,' including Norwegian Air, easyJet, Air Transat, Air Canada; rule is routine among US carriers Spookception US spied on Israel spying on USIran nuke talks Dutch capital of Amsterdam and surrounding areas have been hit by a major power outage. Several members of Pope Francis' sex abuse advisory board are expressing concern and incredulity over his decision to appoint a Chilean bishop to a diocese despite allegations that he covered up for Chile's most notorious pedophile Germanwings plane disaster German police probe copilot. Police says they found evidence that may be a very significant clue to what has happened. 1 in 20 students in UK worked in sex trade to fund living cost. China's coal use falling faster than expected. Cleanfuel policies, as well as an economy growing at its slowest pace in 25 years, are driving lower coal use, with power companies using a greater mix of hydro, nuclear and renewable options, especially wind. An Ebola vaccine has been developed and shown successful in primates Arab states agree to form unified military force Cane toads by the million lined up for export to China as anticancer remedy  Researchers at the University of Queensland hope to send premium cane toads after discovering their venom has anticancer properties Catholic priest Anthony McSweeney, 68, jailed for assaulting boy at children's home in west London between 19791981 DNA Tests Uncover Evidence Of Infidelity In Royal Family Tree An estimated 4,000 foreign fishermen are stranded on a number of remote islands in eastern Indonesia, including men revealed in an Associated Press investigation to have been enslaved, an aid group said Massive Underground City Found in Cappadocia Region of Turkey The Chinese government has unveiled an initiative called Sky Net to better coordinate its fight against suspected corrupt officials who have fled overseas. A major publisher of scholarly medical and science articles, BioMed Central, based in the United Kingdom, has retracted 43 papers because of fabricated peer reviews amid signs of a broader fake peer review racket affecting many more publications. U.S. Confirms It Is Supporting Saudi Military Operations In Yemen Report 3,508 children sexually abused in Pakistan Russia won't end down' in standoff with West, Putin says Russia & US agree to build new space station after ISS 73% of Australians believe that constitution should change to recognise Indigenous people, and remove clauses that discriminate on the basis of race Kim Dotcom has lost an estimated $67 million worth of assets after the United States government wins a civil forfeiture case Russia to Help Palestine Become Independent State Spain passes law allowing instant fines for taking photos of the police, being present in occupied areas. Japan whaling ships return home from Antarctic with no catch Pilot used an ax on cockpit door Italy's highest court overturns Amanda Knox murder conviction WikiLeaks reveals local health and environment rules under threat | Australian health, environment and public welfare regulation, including plain tobacco packaging legislation, will be open for challenge from largely USbased corporations, if a new deal that is part of the TPP goes through. Norwegian Police have found video clips of torture, mutilation, and executions saved on the mobile phones of those seeking asylum in Norway, the Police Immigration Service has told the countrys Dagsavisen newspaper. The Kremlin is cutting its initial production of the Sukhoi T50 fighter by 75 percent amid cost overruns and rumored technical concerns  the same kind of issues that have plagued US development of the F35. The U.S. Air Force and Navy rescued two Saudi pilots Friday after they ejected from their F15 fighter over the Gulf of Aden during combat operations against Houthi rebels in Yemen. Outrage at China treatment of activists Five female protesters are being held for picking a quarrel after campaigning against domestic abuse and sexual harassment. AlShabab siege at Somali hotel ends, 21 Dead Blood spattered utensils, bulletpocked walls and overturned chairs mark the reception area of a prominent hotel in the Somali capital following an attack by Islamic extremists that killed at least 21, including six attackers. Destroyed Mosul artifacts to be rebuilt in 3D  It didn't take long for the scientific community to react. 2 wks after the sacking of 300 yrold Mosul Museum by ISIS went viral, researchers launched Project MOSUL to virtually restore damaged artifacts & make them accessible from virtual museums. Copilots's exgirlfriend He said he had a plan to make everybody remember his name Quebec Protester Shot In The Face With Tear Gas At AntiAusterity Rally Inmate 'emailed own release order' Future shop closing all stores in Canada effective today Russia 'to join Chinaled development bank' India successfully launches IRNSS1D, fourth of seven navigation satellites 'Liberal' Putin could be toppled 'like the tsar', warns Russian ultranationalist Igor Strelkov France says will propose UN Security Council draft on Israel A fossil site in the Canadian Rockies that provides a wondrous peek into life on Earth more than half a billion years ago has offered up the remains of an intriguing sea creature, a foureyed arthropod predator that wielded a pair of spiky claws. A Quebec's student protester lost an eye, claiming that he was struck by a rubber bullet fired by police in May 2012. He is now suing the force for $250,000 in damages. A new chapter of TPP was leaked by WikiLeaks to Peruvian newspaper La Republica | The chapter specifies that companies will be able to sue the state when they lose profits, or the expectation of profits, due to social conflicts and changes in the public health or environmental codes of a nation. Air Canada flight crashes on runway in Halifax Kofi Annan The War on Drugs Has Failed in West Africa and Around the World . The DirectorGeneral of the BBC is being protected by an elite squad of bodyguards after 'credible' death threats were made against him in retribution for the firing of Jeremy Clarkson Indonesian cops burn 1,000 pounds of seized marijuana, fumes get whole neighborhood high Arab League creates joint military force Tens of thousands of Tunisians marched through the capital in a show of solidarity against Islamist militants, hours after the government said its forces had killed nine members of a group suspected of carrying out this month's deadly Bardo Museum attack John Baird gets job with mining giant that got government subsidies when he was Canada's foreign minister Putin to Arab League Palestinians have right to state with capital in east Jerusalem Ikea's flatpack refugee shelter is entering production Headmaster David Tuohy who molested boys in the 1970s is found dead in the Thames, UK Iran and six world powers have reached provisional agreement on key parts of a deal sharply curtailing Tehran's nuclear programme Turkeys Parliament Passes Draconian Security, Surveillance Laws Boko Haram kills, beheads with chainsaws 40 people to derail Nigeria elections CIA document reveals that Ecuador  like many countries of the Southern Cone  was part of the U.S.backed Operation Condor plan | The office of the attorney general in Ecuador is investigating if the death of former President Jaime Roldos was an assassination of Operation Condor. The Canadian government is facing fierce criticism for increasing the countrys seal hunting quota from 400,000 in 2014 to nearly 470,000 this hunting season Major publisher retracts 43 scientific papers amid wider fake peerreview scandal 700 higher graduate students from outside the European Union were barred from taking courses of chemistry, engineering, physics, biophysics, metallurgy and microbiology due to security concerns in the United Kingdom. Romanian exminister questioned over origin of 101 paintings | The former Romanian finance minister has been questioned over 101 paintings in his possession amid a corruption probe. They include three works signed by Spanish artist Pablo Picasso. Australia Bans Lion Hunting Trophy Imports  Govt is taking action to protect African lions from what Environment Minister Greg Hunt calls the barbaric practice of canned hunting by banning the import & export of trophies made from lions. All UK babies to recieve Meningitis B vaccine U.S. drops 60,000 propaganda leaflets on ISIS stronghold Raqqa Mosul under ISIL 'No internet, no shaving' Yemeni warplane fleet destroyed in raids, Saudis say A close media adviser to Iran President Hassan Rouhani has defected, and is seeking political asylum in Switzerland after traveling there to report on Irans nuclear talks. The president and CEO of The Associated Press has called for changes to international laws that would make it a war crime to kill journalists or take them hostage Antarctica reaches 63F, highest temperature ever recorded. Australia Accidentally Leaked the Personal Information of All the G20 Leaders Hidden camera investigation reveals chicken slaughterhouse practices For six months, an employee of the animal rights group worked inside one of the largest chicken slaughterhouses in Canada, while using a hidden camera to secretly videotape what he was seeing. Chinese court jails Muslim for 6 years for growing beard from 2010, wife gets 2 years for wearing veil Singaporean police arrests Amos Yee, a 17yearold boy because a YouTube video where he criticizes Lee Kuan Yew Major 7.7 quake strikes off Papua New Guinea, tsunami warning issued A blogger has been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, a month after a prominent atheist writer was killed in a similar attack. Airstrike In Yemen Hits Area Of Refugee Camp, Killing At Least 45 Assad Says US Airstrikes Have Made ISIS Stronger; Says ISIS, Saudi Arabia Of Same Ideological Bent. Saudi Arabia accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of hypocrisy on Sunday, telling an Arab summit that he should not express support for the Middle East while fueling instability by supporting Syrian leader Bashar alAssad. 70 women, including 9 schoolgirls, left Germany to join ISIS  report Iranian Guard says US drone killed 2 of its advisers in Iraq; US says it only struck militants Another NSU case witness has been found dead in her apartment Strong evidence found of separatist involvement in downing of MH17 Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert found guilty in retrial on corruption charges Methuselah Palm Grown From 2,000YearOld Seed Is a Father Organised crime groups are plotting to steal from Indigenous communities that survive on multimillion dollar mining royalties and land use agreements, an eightyear Australian Crime Commission investigation into isolated and troubleplagued regions has revealed. Foreign students have reportedly been banned from taking courses teaching nuclear, biological and chemical warfare at UK universities to control Terrorism Saudiled coalition bombed a Yemeni refugee camp, killing 21. World Cup leaves Brazil with bus depots and empty stadiums ISIS supporters are sending up to 100,000 messages a day on Twitter to plan attacks Poland charges two Russian officials over Kaczyski crash (a 2010 plane crash which killed then Polish President Lech Kaczyski) Denied salary for 6 years, Indian woman in Saudi awaits exit Thousands Protest Belgian Austerity Reforms for 2nd Day  Braving hail & winds as they demand the rightwing govt change course & make sure the brunt of the austerity is borne by the wealthy. Facebook 'tracks all visitors, breaching EU law'  People without Facebook accounts, logged out users, and EU users who have explicitly opted out of tracking are all being tracked, report says A thousandyearold treatment for eye infections, made with onion, garlic and part of a cow's stomach, is gaining attention after research at the University of Nottingham. Scientists were astonished to find it almost completely wiped out staphylococcus aureus, otherwise known as MRSA. A massive power outage has hit Turkey. 24 regions and major cities are affected including Ankara and Istanbul. Another list containing 25,000 ISIS supporter accounts is released to put pressure on Twitter to suspend them, this time without using hack methods Germany to end mass killing of male chicks by 2017  Alternative egg sexing technique would add no more than two cents to the cost of an egg. The photo of the little girl with her hands raised was actually genuine. BBC tracked the original Turkish photographer. EU moves to unblock TV streaming services, no more Geoblocking Muslim Mob Attacks Family of Coptic Christian Beheaded By ISIS in Libya Shell cynically blocking action on climate change, says exdiplomat  John Ashton accuses oil company and others of being narcissistic, paranoid and psychopathic & being unable to contemplate lowcarbon future About 70 percent of Australian strawberries are being grown on runners that have been fumigated with an environmentally damaging pesticide that has been banned around the world. A Secret Service agent and a DEA agent with lead roles in the investigation to take down the Internet drug bazaar Silk Road allegedly stole proceeds from the underground site and hid their booty in offshore accounts. One of the Poorest Countries in the World Is About to Burn $7.6M Worth of Ivory  Ivory burns may seem symbolic, but they are a useful step towards ending poaching NASA Denies It Will Build New Space Station With Russia Cruise Liner 'Costa Concordia' was Carrying Mafia Drugs When it Met its Fate Alarm as Turkey backs new police powers The police will have the right to conduct stopandsearch, detain people for up to 48 hours without court orders and use firearms against demonstrators carrying petrol bombs or other injurious weapons... that could mean a firecracker or a simple slingshot. Indian Politician Under Fire For Suggesting No Link Exists Between Tobacco Use And Cancer Feds Demand Reddit Identify Users of a DarkWeb Drug Forum Iranian Man Burns Himself To Death In Government Protest Nearly half of all Russians think the sacrifices made under dictator Josef Stalin were justified The US just dropped 60,000 propaganda leaflets on ISIS's Syrian capital in Raqqa. The leaflets show ISIS recruits being fed into a meatgrinder by militants. Over the last 15 years, the organization that offered the most accurate Renewable Energy forecasts was... Greenpeace UKIP's Keith Fraser says British teens who want to join ISIS should get FREE flights Armed leftists take Istanbul prosecutor hostage Palestinian factions Hamas and Islamic Jihad have launched a scathing attack on Palestinian Authority (PA) President Mahmoud Abbas for urging an Arab intervention in the Gaza Strip akin to the Saudiled assault on Yemen. Lufthansa To Immediately Compensate Germanwings Flight 9525 Victim's Families Up To 50,000 Euros Indian Army team heads for Mt.Everest to bring down 4,000kg of trash left by climbers. ISIS loses Tikrit Generous welfare benefits make people more likely to want to work, not less, new research suggests Latin American countries propose to remove all US military bases in Latin America Scottish Independence Figures Majority of Natives voted YES, Immigrants voted NO Calls and flights between Cuba and the United States are resumed Nearly Five Years After the BP Spill, Animals Are Still Dying in the Gulf of Mexico Iceland's government said Tuesday it would consider a revolutionary monetary proposal removing the power of commercial banks to create money and handing it to the central bank. Under the socalled Sovereign Money proposal, the country's central bank would become the only creator of money. Former military dictator Muhammadu Buhari defeats incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan in the Nigerian presidential election Standing ovation as Irish Senate passes SameSex Marriage Bill US Navy Beijing creating a 'great wall of sand' in South China Sea Palestine formally joins International Criminal Court The epicenter of the 21stcentury oil boom acknowledges fracking is linked to earthquakes. Top UK MP Brands Netanyahu War Criminal as Palestine Joins ICC Poll Americans Support Nuclear Deal With Iran by 21 Margin Canadian consul general's son killed in Miami, younger son arrested for murder report Inside the A320  Exclusive The final moments before the crash No ad thing' if Greece leaves euro Warren Buffett China rejects North Korea request to join AIIB Gambian woman forced into exile for posting video of police brutality Israel applies to join Chinabacked AIIB investment bank Former Blackwater gets rich as Afghan drug production hits record high Iraqi troops aided by Shi'ite paramilitaries have driven Islamic State out of central Tikrit, Prime Minister Haidar alAbadi said on Tuesday, but the fight to retake all of Saddam Hussein's hometown continued. BP steps up PR effort to insist all is well in the Gulf  Oil giant says area is making a rapid recovery but evidence mounts that wildlife is still struggling to rebound, 5 years after oil spill Council of Europe condemns Ukraine Maidan violence investigations fail European human rights standards ... there was no genuine attempt to pursue investigations. With 1st Nationwide Fracking Law, Germany Approaches A Ban  As long as the risks cannot be fully evaluated, fracking will be banned. Johns Hopkins University faces a $1 billion lawsuit, 800 former research subjects and their families blame the institution for its role in government experiments in the 1940s and 50s in Guatemala that infected hundreds of people with sexually transmitted diseases Dozens dead as Russian trawler with 130+ aboard sinks in Sea of Okhotsk Russia Is On The Dawn of a Prolonged Recession as Oil Prices Stay Low and Sanctions Remain in Effect Russian consulate in Yemen hit by Saudi coalition led airstrikes. Second flight recorder from Germanwings 9525 found Bodies of Japanese WWII soldiers believed to have been found in Palau cave sealed off for 70 years 37,000+ French tax dodgers admit owning secret accounts abroad A total of 37,703 people have filed revised tax forms after admitting to holding secret bank accounts abroad, mainly in Switzerland, the finance ministry revealed on Wednesday. IS enters Palestinian camp in Damascus; Jordan closes border Ban against a single blog post leads Turkish ISPs to censor all of WordPress Istanbul police kill woman carrying bomb near police HQ HSBC is 'castiron certain' to breach banking rules again, executive admits India Greenlights $730 Million Supercomputing Grid Syria Isis Destroys Tons of 'USMade Halal Chicken' while Millions Go Hungry Explosion and fire on the oil platform in Gulf of Mexico  45 hurt and 300 evacuated Nigerian prostitutes congratulate Buhari, declare nationwide free sex Cyprus criminalizes denial of 1915 Armenian genocide by Turks The Cypriot parliament passed a resolution penalizing denial of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes, modifying existing legislation, which required prior conviction by an international court to make denial a crime. Malaysian party tries to pass law reinstating amputation, stonings and public beatings/execution as criminal punishment  journalist makes satirical video about it  gets death, rape threats and is being investigated by police Germanwings CoPilot Had Researched Suicide and Cockpit Doors Migrant laborers in jeans and flipflops coerced into running a marathon in Doha, Qatar. Race officials were trying to set a world record for the most marathon participants but fell short by 17,000, even with the addition of the migrant workers. Vietnamese firms urged to demand TPP transparency, spell out concerns Despite pressure from the government of Saudi Arabia, the Quebec government will not stop efforts to free blogger Raif Badawi the Minister of Immigration, Diversity and Inclusion said. An air strike that killed at least 40 people at a camp for displaced people in north Yemen was a violation of international law and those responsible should be held accountable, the United Nations said on Tuesday. The 300yearold skeleton of a camel used by the Ottomans to invade Vienna has been identified by Austrian researchers after its discovery in a refuse pit was rescued from abandoned pit in Tulln, a Lower Austrian town on banks of the Danube in 2006, prior to the construction of a shopping centre. Russian Muslim leaders issue religious decree against ISIL