 CocaCola calls for FIFA President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately. Priest and theologist of the Vatican Congregation for the Doctrine of Faith comes out as gay and with a partner Corporate tax dodging is 'corruption' World Bank chief Medical charity MSF says three of its staff were killed in a US airstrike on a clinic in the Afghan city of Kunduz Russia accuses US of 'pretending' to bomb Isis The fatal aerial bombardment Saturday of a hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz went on more than 30 minutes after officials in Washington and Kabul were informed, Doctors Without Borders said Russia finally blitzes ISIS At least 12 jihadis killed after Kremlin strikes targets near Raqqa  as fanatics hit back with 'Death to Putin' tweet and image of Moscow in flames Migrants break into Channel Tunnel, rail services disrupted McDonald's calls for FIFA President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately Saudi Arabia sinks UN war crimes probe in Yemen, Washington stays silent Mumbai Play Called off After Catholic Bishop's Conference of India and others ask for a ban on its performance, claiming it hurts their religious sentiments. If this play could be tolerated 25 years ago in India and there are issues now, what are we saying about India today. said the director. 16 Dead, 600 Missing in Guatemala Landslide Merkel urges Europe to protect external borders amid refugee crisis 'This is a major world event' The Syrian war is now fueling a 'global cold war' One day after launching a campaign of airstrikes in Syria, Russia announced that it was considering going into Iraq. Neural lace has been invented to organically connect your brain with a computer Saudi Arabia demands Russia end Syria raids, criticizes Iran The CocaCola called on Friday for FIFA's President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately following Swiss authorities saying they were opening a criminal investigation into the head of the world soccer body Cattle farmer finds Iraqi refugee crossing illegally into Canada Arab MK Temple Mount should be Jews free, Jews have no historical connection to it USFlag Cargo Ship M/V El Faro, 33 Crew Missing off Crooked Isl, Bahamas after reporting to have lost propulsion and a 15degree list. Taliban militants committed gang rapes and mass murders in Kunduz India pledges 3335% cut in carbon emission intensity by 2030. Ukraine rebels have powerful new Russianmade rockets Most of Europe will now be free of geneticallymodified crops Eight Of Iran's Women's Football Team Are Actually Men Medical aid group Doctors Without Borders denied that Taliban fighters were firing from its hospital at NATO forces before a US air strike killed at least 19 people. In any case, bombing a fully functioning hospital can never be justified. UN says U.S. military's Afghan hospital bombing may be 'war crime' 'Marijuana is infinitely worse' than tobacco, Harper says as he encourages pot debate to go up in smoke 10,000 protest in Moldova over missing $1.5 billion Turkish journalist who acknowledged Armenian Genocide beaten by Turkey ruling party members Palestinian Authority condemns Israel for killing of Palestinian attackers Doctors Without Borders Leaves Afghan City After Airstrike Russia plans to ramp up Syria bombing. Most of H&Ms best factories in Bangladesh still dont have working fire exits Egypt says Russia's intervention in Syria will counter terrorism Palestinian stabber shot dead after killing 1, wounding 4 in Jerusalem's Old City Hopes Fade As 350 Still Missing After Landslide Patients were burning in their beds Witnesses recall horrific Kunduz hospital airstrike Bashar Assad I would leave office if it would help Taller people more likely to get cancer, say researchers  Swedish study sheds new light on link between height and disease  but smoking, obesity and poor diet are still greater risks. Kunduz charity hospital bombing 'violates international law' Mdecins Sans Frontires decries horrific loss of life, as US airstrike revives questions over whether enough is done to protect civilians in Afghanistan Typhoon Mujigae, known as Kabayan in the Philippines, was rapidly intensifying before it hit southern China early Sunday, October 4, 2015. Mujigae was bringing powerful winds and heavy rain. The storm left 120 fisherman missing in the Philippines. TPP negotiations likely to be concluded this weekend. China and Russia to jointly develop new heavy helicopter Grand Ayatollah Ali alSistani Urges Global War Against ISIS TPP talks bogged down over pharmaceuticals Merkel Iran's stance on Israel 'unacceptable' Russian Air Force hits 50 ISIS targets in Syria over 3 days, significantly damaging militants Canada creates tipline, to report Barbaric cultural practices Hundreds of Mauritanian women trafficked to Saudi Arabia trapped in 'slavery' TransPacific Partnership Trade Deal Is Reached Previously Unknown Lines to the 'Epic of Gilgamesh' discovered in stolen cuneiform tablet  A serendipitous deal between a history museum & a smuggler has provided new insight into one of the most famous stories ever told Montreal to dump 8 billion liters of sewage in the St. Lawrence River Human rights are no longer a 'top priority' for the UK Government, says Foreign Office chief ISIS militants blow up ancient Arch of Triumph in Palmyra Obama has ordered the Pentagon, to directly provide ammunition and weapons to Syrian opposition forces on the ground. Snipers have been pictured in Manchester city centre as thousands march in protest to cuts, coinciding with the Conservative Party conference. Armed police can be seen on the roof of the Great Northern complex in images that have been widely shared on social media. The World Bank has said that for the first time less than 10% of the world's population will be living in extreme poverty by the end of 2015. BBC admits faking impressive volcano footage for Patagonia TV documentary that went viral Nigerian Governor promises to return money he stole, but only if he is reelected Chile to create one of world's largest marine parks around Easter Island. Plans put forward by the local people will ban fishing in over 600,000 sq km of the Pacific ocean Australian Doctors Successfully Reattach Baby's Internally Decapitated Head Following Serious Car Crash France moves closer to passing controversial surveillance law.Despite firm criticism from civil liberties groups, the bill has faced minimal opposition from the public and the political classes. Holocaust historians criticise Austrias plan to jail Jewish author who inventoried property stolen from Jews in Vienna Australia The government called in the Federal Police to investigate information leaks from the Nauru detention camp six times in as many months, prompting claims it is pursuing whistleblowers instead of those who allegedly assaulted and raped asylum seekers. Air France bosses attacked by angry workers after announcing huge job losses Syrian rebels call for regional alliance against Russia and Iran German authorities now expect up to 1.5 million migrants in 2015 newspaper Defiant Chinese reporter claims police work with propaganda machine to sway public opinion. Liu recounted how the police try to draw out confessions and then air them on state television to shame suspects and sway public perceptions ahead of their trials. Nato warns russia over syria strikes England's shoppers say goodbye to free plastic bags Tens of thousands protest against UK government Iraqi prime minister says he would welcome Russian airstrikes in Iraq Dozens of Islamist Saudi Arabian clerics have called on Arab and Muslim countries to give all moral, material, political and military support to what they term a jihad, or holy war, against Syria's government and its Iranian and Russian backers. Germany needs to limit refugee influx, close borders Merkel allies BP fined a record $20.8 billion for oil spill disaster Big U.S. firms hold $2.1 trillion overseas to avoid taxes study Former NSA boss Michael Hayden tells the BBC about Edward Snowden If youre asking me my opinion, hes going to die in Moscow. Hes not coming home. Doctors Without Borders calls US bombing of its hospital a war crime Scientists to nudge asteroid off course as practice for protecting the Earth NASA has released almost 10,000 neverbeforeseen images from the moon landings Your smartphone can be taken over with just a text, says Edward Snowden, and it could be happening right now The 2015 NobelPrize in Physics to Takaaki Kajita and Arthur B. McDonald for the discovery of neutrino oscillations, which shows that neutrinos have mass. Wildlife thriving around Chernobyl nuclear plant despite radiation  High numbers of elk, deer, boar and wolves show longterm effect of worlds worst nuclear accident is less damaging than everyday human activity, say scientists. European Court of Justice ruled Safe Harbor Agreement invalid A new species of rat has been discovered on an island in Indonesia. Scientists consider the rat so exceptional that they have described it not only as a new species but a new genus  a step up from the new species label. Ireland Millions of fish have been washed ashore on a beach in west Kerry. Peculiarly, no birds or scavengers have eaten the bodies that have been just lying on the shore, rotting, since Thursday. China is building the world's largest radio telescope to detect signs of life billions of light years away Snowden I'd go to prison to return to US Hamas suspects arrested for murder of couple in front of their children 'Hundreds' of Yazidis killing themselves in ISIS slavery China wants to speed construction of a national network to charge electric cars, to help reach an ambitious goal of 5 million green vehicles on its roads by 2020 Email to Hillary Clinton shows the US tried to cover up a WikiLeaks story on Turkey, PKK US Troops Weren't Under Fire in Afghan Hospital Airstrike Army Gen. John Campbell contradicts previous reports by his own Afghanistan command Thousands form 'living border' against refugees  People across the eastern state of Saxony took part in demonstrations against refugees being taken into Germany at the weekend, with thousands gathering on the Czech frontier to form a living border. Russian station says weather forecast excellent for bombing Syria Kremlin Says Russian Volunteer Forces Will Fight in Syria; A senior Kremlin defense official told Russian news agencies on Monday that military veterans who had fought in eastern Ukraine would likely start showing up as volunteer ground forces in Syria. Drone Flies Over NSA Complex in Germany, Dropping Leaflets Russian Air Force Strikes ISIS in AlRaqqa and East Aleppo Terrorists Suffer Heavy Casualties Saudi clerics called on Muslim countries to back holy war against Syria and its Iranian and Russian backers. Norwegian Air CEO Says $69 Flights From U.S. to Europe Coming Soon 4 Russian warships launch 26 missiles against ISIS from Caspian sea Wind power is now the cheapest electricity to produce in both Germany and the U.K., even without government subsidies. Paedophile bishop escaped charges after MPs and royal family intervened, court told Teslas Hit by 180% Danish Tax on Cars as Green Goals Ditched. The threemonth old government has already said it is abandoning ambitious CO2 emissions targets and dropping plans to become fossilfuel free by 2050. Images of Pluto and Charon continue to captivate Nasa 'This world is alive'  Every week I am floored, Stern said. Nasa wont let me tell you what were going to tell you on Thursday. Its amazing. 3 scientists just won a Nobel for discovering the genetic mechanisms that explain why we dont all have cancer Doctors Without Borders Wants Independent Inquiry Into U.S. Attack On Hospital Italian priest Don Gino Flaim defends paedophiles and blames 'loveseeking children' Emails show Qadaffi son offered talks  but Clinton ordered top general to 'not take the call' Obama We Won't Turn Syria Into 'Proxy War' Between U.S. And Russia Toyota, U.S. unsure how ISIS got brand new pickup trucks Drone Drops AntiSpying Leaflets Over NSA Facility in Germany Doctors Without Borders airstrike US alters story for fourth time in four days Saudi prince now owns 5% of Twitter 3,500 ft High Glass Skywalk Cracks Under Visitors' Feet In China Landmark High Court ruling on BRCA1 gene patent as pensioner wins legal case  A 69 yearold pensioner from Australia has succeeded in a Davidand Goliath battle against a multinational corporation that claimed a patent over her genes. Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Wednesday banned any further negotiations between Iran and the United States, putting the brakes on moderates hoping to end Iran's isolation after reaching a nuclear deal with world powers in July. U.S. Investigating How ISIS Got All Those Toyota Pickups Canadas PM Stephen Harper Human Rights Issues Won't Derail Arms Sale to Saudis The world's oceans are under threat from both illegal and mass industrial fishing, in which millions of fish are caught and discarded, experts warned Tuesday Study finds that 500 biggest US companies stash $2.1 trillion in overseas tax havens; government losses $620 billion in potential taxes. David Cameron challenged over UN Human Rights deal with Saudi Arabia Zimbabwe 14 Elephants killed by cyanide poisoning Breast cancer gene BRCA1 cannot be patented, Australian High Court rules Saudi Arabia Employer chops off hand of Indian maid for trying to escape torture Ebola countries record first week with no new cases Donald Trump goes to Scottish Supreme Court to fight the placement of a wind farm near his golf course because the 11 turbines would spoil the view. Amnesty tells the US to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia The group cites damning evidence of war crimes involving Americanmade weapons in Yemen. New Horizons Finds Blue Skies and Water Ice on Pluto Lake in India so toxic that it froths over and occasionally bursts into flames Chinese woman with no medical degree or a PhD wins a Nobel Prize for her work in creating an antimalaria medicine Russian Offer to Share ISIL Targets With USLed Coalition Gets No Response Volkswagen's US boss has admitted he was aware early last year of the emissions cheating affecting millions of the company's vehicles. Israeli Yeshiva student critically injured after being stabbed by a young Palestinian in fourth incident in 24 hours. Calling Protesters in Chile Dumb, Pope Francis Sets Off Uproar  Pope Francis, called people in Osorno, a city in southern Chile, dumb for protesting against a bishop accused of being complicit in clerical sexual abuse. British SAS soldiers use mannequins to lure dozens of ISIS into an ambush. British prime minister David Cameron vows to shut down Islamic schools that teach hate Pentagon Says North Korea Capable of Nuclear Strike on U.S. FBI has foiled 4 attempts by gangs to sell nuclear material to ISIS through Russian connections Fifa Sepp Blatter, Michel Platini & Jerome Valcke suspended Hundreds of thousands of migrants will be deported from the EU within weeks under secret plans intended to 'deter irregular migration Mexico army boss will not allow questioning of troops in student massacre Scientists say a dramatic worldwide coral bleaching event is now underway Saudi Hajj disaster Photos suggest true death toll in thousands Italian Priest Dismissed After Blaming Children for Sexual Abuse Israeli nonprofit SpaceIL secures Moon launch for 2017 Islamic State 'used mustard gas' against peshmerga At least 30 killed after airstrikes hit wedding in Yemen, officials say Canadian and US generals discussed the possibility of fully 'integrating' the two countries' militaries Today, 9 October, 2015 WikiLeaks releases the final negotiated text for the TPP (TransPacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter. The TPP encompasses 12 nations representing more than 40 per cent of global GDP. MercedesBenz, Honda, Mazda and Mitsubishi have been found to be part of the diesel emission scandal. 2 weeks after controversial pharma CEO Martin Shkreli announced he would lower the price of Daraprim, it's the exact same price New study finds children living near the Fukushima nuclear meltdowns have been diagnosed with Thyroid cancer at a rate 20 to 50 times that of children elsewhere Obama Issues Rare Apology Over Bombing of Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Afghanistan Claims that Russian missiles hit Iran are lies and part of psychological war, says Iranian general Musa Kamali Parramatta shooting 'If you don't like Australia, leave', Muslim leader tells worshippers Saudi Arabia is responding to the recent Russian air strikes on Syria by stepping up its supplies of lethal weaponry to Syrian rebel groups The Nobel Peace Prize 2015 was awarded to National Dialogue Quartet for its decisive contribution to the building of a pluralistic democracy in Tunisia in the wake of the Jasmine Revolution of 2011. Australian mosque leader tells violent Muslims to leave country Hamas leader declares 'intifada' in the West Bank, says Gaza is prepared for confrontation, violence the only path to liberation. Saudi Arabia Continues Hiring Spree of American Lobbyists, Public Relations Experts Obama administration ends $500mn program to train Syrian rebels  report The Hajj Stampede Was Twice As Bad As Originally Thought Bavaria threatens to take German government to court over refugees The state of Bavaria threatened on Friday to take the German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of asylum seekers to Germany. Norway to limit asylum grants to five years  Norways rightwing government is to limit grants of asylum to a fiveyear term, after which refugees will be automatically sent home if the situation in their country has changed for the better. Ebola detected again in Scottish nurse who first contracted the virus in December last year. Russian air strikes 'hit three medical facilities' in Syria Ancient Mars harbored longlasting lakes, boosting the odds that life could have existed on the Red Planet billions of years ago, a new study suggests. Ali Mohammed alNimr crucifixion Defiant Saudi Arabia rejects international 'interference' in protester's crucifixion China said on Friday it would not stand for violations of its territorial waters in the name of freedom of navigation, as the United States considers sailing warships close to China's artificial islands in the South China Sea HIV vaccine human trials to commence Queen of Ivory Infamous Poaching Mastermind Nabbed in Africa Manned Russian jets are stalking US Predator drones in Syria Syrian Kurdish leader Moscow wants to work with us Four rangers that protect elephants in Africa killed by poachers. 'Stop TTIP' activists hand EU 3mn signatures Blast hits rally in Turkish capital NASA confirms ancient lakes existed on Mars 2 to 3 billion years ago #StopTTIP Tens of thousands protest trade deal with US in Berlin right now Boeing Says It's Made the Lightest Metal Material in the World  Boeing has created a structure that is 99.99% air. India moves to stop flow of housemaids to Saudi Arabia. British Guantanamo Bay inmate who was given 1 million pound compensation set off to join ISIS Privacy ends October 13, 2015 a new law requires that every one of the 400 Australian telcos and ISPs keep a record  not a recording  of every phone call, text, email, and download you make Russian military bombs ISIS 64 times in 24 hours Internet Providers Would Be Forced to Block Filesharing Sites Under TPP 'Rape of Nanjing' inscribed in UNESCO Memory of the World register Turing Pharmaceuticals We've agreed to lower the price of Daraprim. But we haven't done it. Saudi Arabia delivers 500 TOW antitank missiles to the Free Syrian Army Ninety of Malis 300 remaining desert elephants have been killed during the past year as ivory poachers exploit a security vacuum created by an Islamic insurgency in the deserts near the city of Timbuktu. Iceland completes payback of IMF loan Nasa reveals its threephase plan for putting people on Mars Second Saudi juvenile faces beheading, a day after Cameron's questioned over 'squalid' human rights deal Jordan parliament accuses Israel of 'state terrorism'  The Jordanian parliament Saturday accused Israel of state terrorism against the Palestinian people after its forces shot dead seven Gazans and wounded more than 140 others in the coastal strip. Conquistador Convoy Found in MexicoIn 1520, some 550 people were captured by Aztec. They decapitated them, even making figurines of them & beheading those. Hearing Cortez was coming, they hid it all in wells & split town. Cortes conquered the Aztecs the next yr. Amnesty International has mounted pressure on the UK to stop supplying weapons to the Saudiled coalition in an effort to ease the conflict in Yemen. Europe Begins Massive Deportation Of 400,000 Illegal Immigrants Violence escalates as Palestinian militants 'fire rocket into Israel' More than 80 dead in Ankara blasts D.A.R.P.A. researching devices to help human body selfheal China arrests hackers of US government on behalf of the US For just the third time on record, scientists say they are now watching the unfolding of a massive worldwide coral bleaching event, spanning the globe from Hawaii to the Indian Ocean. Queen of Ivory arrested in Tanzania, charged with smuggling at least 706 elephant tusks worth about $2.5 million A Canadian start up has opened a pilot plant to take CO2 out of the atmosphere in the form of pellets. Company plans to scale it up on a Global scale enabling countries to suck more CO2 from the atmosphere than they dump in. Syrian Christian leader tells West 'Stop arming terror groups who are massacring our people' Fate of Isis leader alBaghdadi unknown as his convoy 'struck by Iraqi air force' Ankara terror attack Turkey censors media coverage of bombings as Twitter and Facebook locked' ISIL Threatens to Execute 180 Assyrian Christians unless $14 million ransom is paid. Nobel Peace Prize committee accused of ignoring what Alfred Nobel wanted A mysterious Russian military satellite parked itself between two Intelsat satellites in geosynchronous orbit for five months this year, alarming company executives and leading to classified meetings among U.S. government officials. Researchers at the University of Utrecht find that Dutch cyclists live longer than nonbikers. They say the evidence proves that cycling is not just good for your health but adds about an hour to your life for every hour spent this way. People in the Netherlands average about 74 minutes per week. Canada Caves on Copyright in TPP Commits to Longer Term, Urge ISPs to Block Content Indigenous Peoples of Yaigoj Apaporis Victorious as Court Ousts Canadian Mining Company Merkel's deputy expects Germany to get over a million refugees in 2015 More than a million refugees will come to Germany this year, Chancellor Angela Merkel's deputy said on Sunday, as a poll showed almost half of Germans believe she is handling the influx of asylum seekers badly. Shell & Exxon's 5bn problem gas drilling that sets off earthquakes & wrecks homes  Groningen has been 1 of Europes richest gas fields for 30 yrs & 1000s of people say homes are damaged by tremors by drilling. Now class action may bring compensation  & force a rethink of energy security. Rightwing antiimmigrant party poised to win Vienna vote Australia's Royal Children's Hospital doctors are refusing to return asylum seeker children to detention Turkey hit by protests over government response to suicide bombings Sabah police gets report claiming plane wreck with Malaysian flag found on Philippine island U.S. and Russia are trying to hash out flight procedures to ensure that there are no collisions or other incidents as both countries conduct bombing operations in Syria Russia using electronic warfare to cloak its actions in Syria from Isis and Nato Suicide Bombings at Chad Market, Refugee Camp Kill 38 | A military official said the extremist group Boko Haram is suspected. Turkey enters mourning after Ankara blasts killed almost 100 48 Million Year Old Horse Remains Found In Germany Japan lashes out at UNESCO's decision to archive documents on the Nanjing Massacre. Facebook paid 4,327 of UK corporation tax in 2014 South Korea's government has announced controversial plans to control the history textbooks used in secondary schools. The government has argued that current history textbooks are too leftleaning and encourage antiAmerican and proNorth Korea feelings. Turkish police use tear gas to prevent mourners from laying flowers at site of bombings Indian government plans to sell solar power at record low price of $0.07 per unit. The Chairman of Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. has donated all $554 million (USD) of his cash dividends to fund biomedical research at National Taiwan University. Police stop guarding Assange embassy Chinese investors flooding billions into the Australian real estate market prompt money laundering fears Thousands rally against Erdogan as Turkey mourns deadliest attack 5Hour Energy creator to donate 10,000 stationary bikes to power homes in India Greenpeace is planning to buy four coalfired power plants and their corresponding mines in Eastern Germany for $2.2 billion to shut them down. Cecil the lion No charges for Walter Palmer, says Zimbabwe Exxon Arctic Drilling Benefitting From Global Warming Oil Company Denied Climate Change Science While Factoring It Into Arctic Operations, Report Shows This Tiny Country Is Going 100% Organic  Bhutan is only country in world that rejects gross domestic product (GDP) as a measure of progress. Deleting certain genes could increase lifespan dramatically, say scientists after 10 years' research  American scientists exhaustively mapped the genes of yeast cells to determine which affected lifespan Syria conflict Assad forces make 'significant gains' Three injured in stabbing attack near Hadera,Israel. Saudis tell Russia its actions in Syria will have 'dangerous consequences' China enters the search for alien life with the construction of the world's biggest radio telescope Russia's National AntiTerrorism Committee says it has arrested group of people preparing a terrorist attack in Moscow Sweden sees highest asylum levels in history  More refugees have sought asylum in Sweden so far in 2015 than in any other year in the Nordic nation's history, new figures released by the country's Migration Agency have revealed. El Nio could leave 4 million people in Pacific without food or drinking water  Papua New Guinea drought has already claimed 2 dozen lives & looming El Nio weather pattern could be as severe as in 199798, when 23,000 people died Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey 'in serious condition' RAF given green light to shoot down hostile Russian jets in Syria Syrian rebels decry Russian airstrikes 'we have not had Isis here in over a year' Residents in areas hit by Russian airstrikes describe widespread destruction of civic buildings and housing while Free Syrian Army largely shelters itself Swedish university shut down over threats of massshooting. CIA torture survivors sue psychologists who designed infamous program Legalising cannabis in the UK 'would raise hundreds of millions and produce huge savings for the justice system,' Treasury study finds U.S. gives 50 tons of ammunition to Syria rebel groups Russia made missile that downed MH17 Dutch Subject PM Harper to criminal investigation over offshore tax haven scandal, 3 out of 5 Canadians say Rockets hit Russian embassy in Damascus just hours after Nusra leader Golani called Russian intervention in Syria a 'crusade'. India Government may bar pharmaceutical companies from giving gifts to doctors A third of all young men in China will die from smoking cigarettes, a study shows UN lack of whistleblower protection has 'chilling' effect on exposing wrongdoing | Report by UN special rapporteur David Kaye says, unlike Edward Snowden, many nationalsecurity whistleblowers struggle for attention and response Surveillance whistleblower Edward Snowden draws attention to new Australian metadata laws World poverty rate to fall below 10% for the first time ever. Bolivia's President Morales blames capitalism for climate change  Leader calls for tribunal to prosecute those who commit crimes against nature. The Paris conference will bring together 196 states, including largest emitters of greenhouse gases & those most effected. Multiple stabbings in Israel Iran's parliament formally approves nuclear deal with world powers German protesters set up mock gallows to hang Angela Merkel for her prorefugee stance Bernie Madoff investors seek $100M from Ernst & Young Poland Opens LNG Terminal to End Russian Dependence on Gas Australia begins mass data retention under new law Mortar Shells Strike Near Russian Embassy in Syria Islamic State is prime suspect in Turkey bombing, as protests erupt Warehouse explosion rocks Tianjin, China, 2 months after deadly blasts UK Pensioner Faces 350 Lashes In Saudi Arabia Saudiled Coalition Accused of War Crimes Bombed Afghan hospital rejects US funds for damages Palestinian RockThrowers Injure UN Official Monitoring Palestinian Worker Safety Palm oil company caught destroying primary forest in endangered ecosystem China says Russia, U.S. must avoid fighting proxy war in Syria ISIS Confirms That US Killed Its Number Two Leader Half of world's wealth now in hands of 1% of population  report If You're Young, The Job Outlook Is Grim No Matter Where You Live Thousands of Iranian troops amass for allout assault on Syrian city of Aleppo | The attack is set to backed by Russian air strikes. Columbus Statue in Venezuela replaced with one of indigenous leader who led resistance against Spanish colonialism. In a secret meeting in Russia with President Vladimir Putin, Saudi Defense Minister said that his country and Qatar stand ready to pay $300 billion to Russia to topple the Assad regime. Putin complains about US cooperation We have offered the Americans Give us objects that we shouldnt target on Syria. Again, no answer NASA, Israel Space Agency Sign Agreement To Expand Space Cooperation For 'Peaceful Use' Osama was a guest of Pakistan, says the Pakistani Defence Minister at the time of the U.S. operation to kill Osama Bin Laden. Partys over for striped legless lizard in nation's capital  One of the last populations in Australia of this nearextinct reptile being moved from Canberra to 75km south in a doordie operation. Their habitat is being flattened to create a caravan park & tourist site for up to 480 people. China is rapidly emerging as star of the show just six weeks ahead of the Paris climate talks thanks to its promised deep cuts to greenhouse gas emissions and pledges to ramp up renewable energy investments. China's middle class is now the biggest in the world, and growing much faster than America's Russia has hit 86 'terrorist' targets in Syria including command posts, ammunition depots, and convoys transporting fuel and ammunition, in past 24 hours Top Leaders Knew About Osama bin Laden's Presence ExPak Defence Minister Pacific nations beg for help for islanders when 'calamity' of climate change hits  Coalition of Fiji, Kiribati, Tuvalu & Tokelau ask wealthy nations to help their people migrate & find work if they have to flee because of rising sea levels A 76yearold British national has been held in an Iranian jail for more than four years and convicted of spying, his family has revealed, as they seek to draw attention to the plight of a man they describe as one of the oldest and loneliest prisoners in Iran. 41 writers return Indian award, cite climate of intolerance novelists, essayists, playwrights and poets had returned the awards they received, saying they cannot remain silent about numerous incidents of communal violence or attacks on intellectuals across the country over the past year. Israel's new security steps IDF to guard buses, surround Arab neighborhoods, to counter the ongoing wave of violent attacks that has left nine Israelis dead and dozens more injured New tally shows at least 1,621 killed in Saudi hajj tragedy Netanyahu to Abbas Palestinians will bear responsibility for escalating violence Goldman Sachs analysts have warned that the financial crisis has moved into its third phase, caused by slower growth in China and other emerging economies.This follows the International Monetary Fund's recent warning that companies in emerging markets have overborrowed by nearly 2tn ($3tn). Panda on loan from China gives birth to twins at the Toronto Zoo. The first Canadian born pandas. Gunmen Are Holding Some 300 Tunisians Hostage in Coastal Libyan Town Turing Pharmaceuticals, the drug company that jacked up the price of AIDS and cancer drug 5,000%, is now facing an antitrust probe. New Edward Snowden? Whistleblower leaks documents on drones and Obama's assassination program Sweden opens world's first male rape centre  A hospital in Stockholm is understood to be first in the world to set up an emergency department specifically for male rape victims. The clinic at Sdersjukhuset opened on Thursday as part of a strategy to ensure gender equal patient care. The Philippines Is Still Pissed Off That Canada Is Using It as a Giant Garbage Bin  The island nation is demanding Canada take back its shipping containers full of rotting food & adult diapers. TransPacific Partnership text won't be available before election Dead 13 year old terrorist is alive and being treated in Israeli hospital contrary to claims by Abbas that he was executed by Israel (pictures/article). Toyota to Phase Out GasPowered Vehicles, Doubling Down on Hydrogen US President Barack Obama has announced that US armed forces have been deployed to Cameroon to help fight against the Islamist militants Boko Haram. Obama to delay withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan  Officials say Obama to outline plans to keep 5,500 troops in Afghanistan in 2017, having previously promised to end war on his watch Queensland makes coding and robotics compulsory in schools Iran Nuclear Deal has been approved Canada is preparing to embark on a farreaching program of financial surveillance of senior public officeholders, from Prime Minister Stephen Harper, GovernorGeneral David Johnston and Supreme Court Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin down to thousands of elected politicians and senior bureaucrats. The United States' Deceptive AntiAbortion 'Pregnancy Centers' Are Going Global Eritrean football players have refused to return home after playing a World Cup qualifying match in Botswana and are now seeking asylum UK denies Julian Assange medical attention UN Brazil's Police Kill Kids to Clean Streets for Olympics '13yearold was executed,' Abbas claims falsely  PA chairman's speech decries 'execution' of teen terrorist who is being treated in Israeli hospital Ebola lingers in semen for nine months Cuban Troops Join the Russian Offensive in Syria 2 Indian Engineers Sued Apple For Copying Their Patent Technology & Won. Israeli police arrest four Jewish settlers following clashes with Palestinians Experts astonished by British nurse's deterioration to Ebola  Pauline Cafferkey's rapid decline after being 'cured' leaves experts staggered & expressing astonishment at the deterioration of her condition France says Iran missile test 'worrying' violation of UN resolution Former Moldova PM Filat arrested over $1 billion bank fraud Nordic police break up refugee smuggling ring  Swedish and Finnish police have together smashed a network believed to be responsible for smuggling more than a hundred refugees, mainly Iraqi nationals, across the border. Over 100 antiTTIP Protesters Arrested in Brussels.Demonstrators said the TTIP is death, claiming it will lower standards of living and damge the environment, while benefiting huge multinationals. Salman Rushdie warns of new dangers to free speech in West Violence against writers and a misplaced sense of political correctness pose new dangers to freedom of speech in the West Earth just had its warmest September on record  by a long shot Croatia Legalizes Use of Medical Marijuana Palestinian disguised as a journalist stabs Israeli soldier near Hebron Turkey 'downs aircraft on Syria border' The United Kingdom and Sweden are clearly violating international law for refusing to grant Julian Assange medical attention outside the Ecuadorean Embassy in London without arrest, a lawyer for the WikiLeaks founder told RT Thursday. Aussies get behind proposal to change currency to dollarydoos Germany spied on the United States, as well as on several embassies and administrations of European states and allies, including France Bubble plumes off Washington, Oregon suggest warmer ocean may be releasing frozen methane This Iranian Cartoonist Was Subjected To A Virginity Test For Shaking Her Lawyers Hand  She was also charged with having illegitimate sexual relations. India 11 Indian nuclear scientists died mysteriously from 20092013. Adolf Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' to Return to German Bookstores Game changing breakthrough in solar energy cuts material losses in half and reduces fabrication costs by 80% Conservatives withhold timeline for revealing full text of TPP deal India's forest cover steadily increasing Few Russians Believe Separatists Shot Down MH17 Malaysia arrests a hacker who provided stolen personal information of U.S. service members to ISIS Hungary to Seal Border With Croatia to Stem Flow of Immigrants Aboriginal activists vow to fight nuclear waste shipment destined for Australia Islam was 'never part of Europe' Hungary's Orban After decades of study, scientists are about to agree on how much a kilogram weighs Uber ridehailing app does not break law, High Court rules Incredible Discovery of Fossilized Teeth Show Humans in Asia Long Before Europe  Found in a China cave, they date 80,000120,000 yrs ago. This is tens of 1000s yrs older than oldest human remains found in Europe & Mediterranean. May be earliest evidence of modern humans outside Africa. Snowden and Ellsberg hail leak of drone documents from new whistleblower The Origins of the King James Bible  A handwritten draft of the world's most famous bible has been discovered in England. It contains handwriting of dozens of authors from 16041608. That handwriting is a crucial find, because it reveals how they translated & assembled the text. China warns Britain not to bring up human rights during Xi Jinping's visit because he would be offended Canada's ruling Conservatives facing criminal investigation over election law violation for the 4th election in a row Saudi police try to shift blame onto Indian maid Ebola is now an STD  First case of sexual transmission of the viral disease documented in Liberia. Hundreds of Israeli Jews and Arabs rally for peace Around 700 people form human chain in north of country, call for coexistence and condemn violence Australia to lift ban on medical cannabis China plans to build 110 nuclear power plants by 2030 with an investment of over $78 billion Erdogan slams Nobel prizes as biased, sayingSomeone [Merkel] says, We will receive 3040,000 refugees,' and then they are nominated for the Nobel [prize]. I wonder how it happens. We are hosting 2.5 million refugees at the moment. Nobody cares about that. Rich nations are spending $250 billion annually subsidizing their agricultural sectors to the detriment of poor farmers as they artificially lower prices for some crops and block market access for growers from poor countries, a new study said. A group of Russian hackers infiltrated the servers of Dow Jones & Co., owner of the Wall Street Journal and several other news publications, and stole information to trade on before it became public.The FBI, Secret Service and the Securities and Exchange Commission are leading an investigation. Smoking bans in Australian prisons sees packets of cigarettes trade for $320 | Since smoking was banned in August, the price of a pack of cigarettes has skyrocketed from $28 on the prison buyups scheme to $300 on the black market. Matches and papers, once sold for $3 now fetch up to $90 The World Is Not As Hungry As You Might Think Deaths due to mass famine have plummeted, according to data from the International Food Policy Research Institute, Welthungerhilfe and Concern Worldwide. Germany reportedly bribed FIFA for 2006 World Cup The richest 1% of Indians own 53% of the countrys wealth while top 10% have 76.3% of the country's wealth Islam was 'never part of Europe' Hungary's Orban | Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orban defended his hardline stance against refugees, the vast majority of whom are Muslim, saying in an interview published Friday that Islam has never been part of Europe. Sleep researchers observed tribal groups living preindustrial lives. After 1,165 days collecting data,they found the avg sleep time among the tribes was 6.5 hrs a night. In industrial societies, the average is 7.5 hrs a night. They barely suffered insomnia, which is prevalent in 20% of our society. Europe and Russia planning space mission to assess Moon settlement Obama Says Israel Will Only Be Secure With A TwoState Solution Cologne mayoral candidate Henriette Reker seriously hurt in knife attack  An independent candidate to be mayor of Cologne has been severely injured in a knife attack. Police said four other people were hurt at the scene, and a suspect was taken into custody. U.S. confirms Iran tested nuclearcapable ballistic missile More than 400 dead in southeast Congo measles outbreak U.N. Politicians panic after law change could leave them open to surveillance Migrant crisis Slovenia braces as Hungary shuts border Victims of modern slavery hidden in Britain's brothels, farms and private homes must be found and protected, the country's antislavery commissioner said on Friday Smoking gun emails reveal Blair's 'deal in blood' with George Bush over Iraq war was forged a year before the invasion had even started  despite claiming he wanted peace. Leaked White House memo shows former Prime Minister's support for war at summit with U.S. President in 2002. North Korea reportedly willing to sign peace treaty with US to end conflict 70 Tunisia hotels closed since attacks on tourists. Unemployment in Tunisia is almost 30 percent as the country suffers from the impact of deadly militant attacks on tourists. German mayor candidate stabbed in the neck over her support of refugees Germany's police union chief has called for a fence to be built along the country's border to stem the flow of migrants. Rainer Wendt told the Welt am Sonntag newspaper that other countries would then follow suit. The Australian government has secretly flown a pregnant refugee out of the country to escape a court injunction before it could be heard, chartering a jet to take her back to Nauru and the immigration detention centre where she was raped. With the discovery in southern China of human teeth dating back at least 80,000 years, the history of human migration is set to be rewritten German hunter kills one of the largest elephants in Africa for $60,000 El Chapo wounded but not caught after Mexican armed forces operation Tower of London staff 'used magic to repel forces of the Devil' & witches  Archaeologists find dozens of ritual protection marks literally burnt into timbers holding up roof. These are hugely significant, revealing hopes, fears & desires of the everyday occupants. Russia reportedly looking to remove itself from Internet. Russia has reportedly run tests to see if it can remove itself from the World Wide Web to stem the flow of information to and from foreign countries, according to a top industry official. Kissing scene brings Iranian Kurdish director six years imprisonment, 223 lashes. Four Israeli cities, citing security, ban Arab workers from schools Prospect of TTIP already undermining EU food standards, say campaigners | Opponents of Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership say EU negotiator has admitted to approving entry of banned goods UN's Blue Helmets to defend world heritage sites from IS attacks An air strike by the U.S.led coalition has killed Sanafi alNasr, a Saudi citizen and the leader of an al Qaeda offshoot called the Khorasan Group, a Pentagon spokesman said on Sunday. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected a French proposal for placing international observers at a Jerusalem shrine that has become a flashpoint spurring a wave of Palestinian attacks. Nuclear deal with Iran officially takes effect French police raid Volkswagen offices in emission scandal Few in Venezuela Want Its Currency as Economy Struggles Venezuelas currency, the bolvar, has crashed along with its economy. But the official exchange rate is unchanged, leading to economic absurdities like a movie ticket that costs $60 at the government rate, or 54 cents at the blackmarket rate Iraqi forces retake key oil refinery from IS militants Israel and the United States signaled on Sunday they were putting disputes over the Iran nuclear deal behind them, announcing resumed talks on U.S. defense aid for Israel as it hosted Washington's top general and a joint air force drill Germany offers Turkey $3.4 billion to stem migrant tide Saudi air strikes mistakenly kill 30 progovernment troops in Yemen Rash of Palestinian stabbing attempts continues over weekend Japan furious at UNESCO listing Nanjing Massacre documents | Japan may halt funding for UNESCO over the organization's decision to include documents relating to the 1937 Nanjing Massacre in the latest listing for its Memory of the World program. Saudi Arabia Hajj Disaster Death Toll at Least 2,110 TTIP Already 'Rewriting the Rule Book' for EU Food Standards, New Report Finds Campaigners say that corporate lobbyists, buoyed by the pending trade agreement, are already lobbying against key food safety measures 5 hurt in terror attack at Beersheba, Israel central bus station Swiss AntiImmigration Party Wins Big in Elections Report Taliban at their strongest since 2001 Eritrean mistaken for Palestinian shot; beaten by mob in Israel Japan rejects international court jurisidiction over whaling UN draft urging member states to decriminalise possession and use of drugs worldwide foiled by at least one country Court rules Uber's app legal in London The ruling is a victory for the ridehailing service, which has faced significant opposition from London's established cab trade, but taxi drivers already are challenging the decision. When we told them we were Jews from Israel, they kissed usAmid tragic circumstances, Israeli boaters save 11 Syrian and Iraqi refugees. India is planting trees along it's railway system across the country to combat environmental issues Australia Approves Coal Mine That Environmentalists Call A Complete Disaster For Coral Reef British journalist who worked for BBC found dead at airport in Istanbul | It is not yet known how Ms Sutton, 50, died. Friends questioned Turkish media reports that she killed herself after missing a connecting flight to Erbil and not having the money to buy another ticket. Researchers accidently find industrial waste, orange peel material sucks mercury out of water 'Convert or die' ISIS graffiti jihadis declare first European 'caliphate' Women working for international aid agencies are facing a hidden threat of sexual violence and harassment which their employers routinely ignore or sweep under the carpet, according to testimonies gathered by the Guardian. Colombian government has acknowledged that crime and smuggling have gone down since Venezuela deployed thousands of troops along their common border two months ago 'My cousin made me do it,' 13yearold Palestinian stabber tells police ISIS Media Blitz Urges Palestinians To Slaughter Jews Russia aims to increase missions in Syria by '300 a day' Russia takes out 49 ISIS targets 24 hours of ferocious bombing in Syria Hamas making efforts to carry out suicide attacks against Israel, officials say Israeli Bedouin leaders condemn despicable Beersheba attack Heads of minority community in Negev urge calm after Bedouin man carries out fatal attack in bus station. China economy grows 6.9 percent in Q3, weakest since 2009 Canadians elect Liberal majority. Ending Stephen Harpers 9 year rule. US approves $11.25 billion warship sale to Saudi Arabia Scientists are about to use the Large Hadron Collider to try and discover a parallel universe Israeli hummus cafe gives JewishArab tables 50% off | Owner offers free refill to Jews and Palestinian guests dining together, to show that we're all human beings. UK's largest online pharmacy fined 130,000 for selling patients' personal data to scammers Aer Lingus passenger who died after biting fellow traveller 'had 41,000 worth of cocaine in his stomach Each Syrian refugee is set to cost the taxpayer up to 23,420 in the first year of their relocation to the UK, figures seen by BBC News suggest. Stephen Harper resigns as Conservative leader Fourth asylum home on fire in west Sweden  Housing for asylum seekers near Munkedal in western Sweden is on fire, in the fourth suspected arson attack on refugee accommodation in just over a week. 2/3 of Germans still trust Volkswagen after emissions scandal  Polls shows 65% of respondents think the scandal has been exaggerated, & 63% expect it to be forgotten in a year Muslims condemn Britain's plans to combat extremism UNESCO Will Vote on Plan To Declare Western Wall a Muslim Site First Fukushima worker diagnosed with radiationlinked cancer U.N. May Recommend Decriminalizing Drug Use. The U.N.s Office on Drugs and Crime would recommend decriminalizing drug use as well as possession of all drugs for personal consumption. Christian churches in Indonesia province to be closed over Muslim groups pressure Gay marriage 15,000 samesex couples marry since law change The Saudi government, under increasing criticism over civilian casualties from its airstrikes in Yemen and a harsh crackdown on political dissidents at home, has just hired a powerhouse Washington, D.C., lobbying firm headed by a top Hillary Clinton fundraiser Russian secret service to vet research papers A biology institute at Russias largest and most prestigious university has instructed its scientists to get all research manuscripts approved by the security service before submitting them to conferences or journals. Bombsniffing Labrador thwarts possible terror attack in E. Jerusalem NASA predict huge asteroid will just miss Earth as it zips past this Halloween The new head of customs at one of Europe's most notoriously corrupt ports is a 26yearold YouTube star with no experience. Norway's oilrich capital first to divest from fossil fuels | Oslo takes responsibility for climate in ridding $9 billion pension fund of coal, oil and gas investments say surging Greens Third Russian air strike on Syrian rebel group kills leader Islamic State Unleashes Propaganda Blitz Calling for Attacks Against Jews Marine Le Pen, the leader of France's farright National Front, went on trial Tuesday on charges of inciting hatred after comparing Muslim street prayers to the Nazi occupation. Europe Already Beat Its 2020 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Target Scientists have found fossillike hints that some kind of life existed on Earth 4.1 billion years ago  when the planet was a mere volcanic toddler. That's 300 million years earlier for life to pop up than previously thought. Sunscreen contributing to decline of coral reefs, study shows | UV filtering chemical is killing off baby coral around tourist resorts, particularly in the Caribbean and Hawaii New Canadian PM Tells Obama Withdrawing Fighter Jets From Syria, Iraq A group that documented Nazi war crimes is now investigating whether massacres committed by Islamic State jihadists against Iraq's Yazidi minority amount to genocide. The Yazidis are neither Arabs nor Muslims and have a unique faith which IS jihadists consider to be heretical and polytheistic. A Saudi activist has been sentenced to 10 years in prison and barred from travel abroad for another decade, a human rights lawyer said Tuesday.He was considered among the most vocal critics of religious extremism and militancy. N. Korea asks US for peace treaty, US has no interest Four con artists spend 200,000RMB building a fake interrogation center to extort money from corrupt Chinese officials Canada's Liberals Sweep to VictoryWith a Marijuana Legalization Platform We will remove marijuana consumption and incidental possession from the Criminal Code, and create new, stronger laws to punish more severely those who provide it to minors... Oslo just declared that it will become the first major city to ban cars Number of London's 'working poor' surges 70% in 10 years Camerawoman plans to sue one of the refugees she kicked at Hungary border US Navy F18 jet crashes in Cambridgeshire Fens. Benjamin Netanyahu blames Holocaust on Palestinian leader at World Zionist Congress, says Hitler only wanted to expel Jews British spies will soon have the right to hack into smartphones and computers | Tory lawmakers are planning to pass new laws giving MI5, MI6 and GCHQ a  dizzying range of electronic surveillance, reports suggest Migrants 'torch tents' in Slovenia camp Chemicals In Sunscreen Are Harming Coral Reefs, Says New Study Carbon nanotubes have turned up in the lungs of children living in Paris  the first time they have been detected in humans. Keystone & TPP under question as Canada elects Liberal PM Australia continues its strong opposition against lethal commercial whaling activities, with Minister for the Environnment Greg Hunt releasing a statement this week condemning Japan's whaling program and attempt to exclude itself from the ICJ in matters relating to future whaling activities. Refugee crisis Ninemonth pregnant 14yearold goes missing amid anger the Netherlands is allowing child brides from Syria to seek asylum Singapore MegaChurch Head Guilty of Embezzling $35 Million Wave of Violence in Israel and Palestine Assad in surprise visit to Moscow Dalai Lama joins spiritual leaders calling for ambitious Paris climate agreement | This is not a question of one nation or two nations. This is a question of humanity. Our world is our home, the Dalai Lama said. There's no other planet where we may move or shift. Canada's move to legalize marijuana would be the most highprofile rebuke of international drug treaties to date, exposing a huge hole in the treaties, making more nations comfortable with the idea of legalization. WikiLeaks obtains CIA chief's hacked emails, says will publish them 'shortly' Mexico supreme court to discuss legalizing recreational marijuana Iceland does what the US wont 26 top bankers sent to prison for role in financial crisis Astronomers announced today that they have spotted a large, rocky object disintegrating in its death spiral around a distant white dwarf star. This is something no human has seen before, says lead author Andrew Vanderburg. We're watching a solar system get destroyed. Egyptian Facebook User Sentenced to Three Years in Prison for Putting Mickey Mouse Ears on Sisi U.S. soldier killed during special ops hostage rescue in Iraq The Chinese Communist Party has banned all 88 million of its members from joining golf clubs, in its latest update of party discipline rules. Extravagant eating and drinking, and abuse of power, are also formally banned, said Xinhua news agency. Hiker Discovers Viking Sword in NorwayA hiker sits down to rest finds 1,200yrold sword in very good condition, missing only its grip. When the snow has gone, we will check where the sword was found. If we find several objects, or a tomb, perhaps we can find the story behind the sword. Justin Trudeaus first move as prime minister is to take Canada out of the fight against the Islamic State. Canada dumps $135 Million Jet Ai Weiwei accuses David Cameron of sacrificing UK's human rights record for Chinese cash Syria has warned Qatar of a harsh response after Doha threatened that it may intervene militarily in the Arab country.On Wednesday, the Qatari foreign minister said his country would consider launching a military intervention against the Syrian government with our Saudi and Turkish brothers. U.S. to Iraq If Russia helps you fight ISIS, we can't Europe failing to stop illegal logging, report warns  Plan to tackle $100bn trade in illegal timber is poorly designed, badly managed & ineffective. Illegal logging thought responsible for 1/5 of manmade greenhouse emissions  more than worlds ships, planes, trains & cars combined. Mass graves of ISIS fighters found by Iraqi Army Singapore Megachurch Founder Guilty of Pilfering $36 Million to Bankroll Wife's Pop Music Career Spanish unemployment falls to 21.2% In a landmark study, scientists at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands reported they have conducted an experiment they say proves one of the most fundamental claims of quantum theory  that objects separated by great distance can instantaneously affect each others behavior. Three Syrian hospitals bombed since Russian airstrikes began, doctors say Canadian Liberals map swift overhaul of antiterror law. The Weight is Over, The Kilogram is Settled Global temperatures are running far above last years recordsetting level, all but guaranteeing that 2015 will be the hottest year in the historical record  and undermining political claims that global warming had somehow stopped. Russia is pushing for early presidential elections in Syria that may give President Bashar alAssad a fresh mandate, hardening opposition to demands for his ouster from the U.S. and its allies. Russian official called out after image of terrorist turns out to be from Harold & Kumar Hurricane Patricia is now measured to be the strongest Hurricane we have ever seen At least 39 people feared dead in traffic accident involving truck and bus in southwest France Gay Sex Is Now Punished With 100 Lashes in Indonesias Province of Aceh WikiLeaks emails from head of CIA reveal he 'consulted a mental health expert', suggested US spying on own citizens may be illegal and that his own security firm had been 'disingenuous' to win contract Survivor of alleged elite paedophile ring including former Australian prime minister speaks out Pope Franciss enemies inside the church leaked false story that he had a brain tumour, enraged Vatican says Putin accuses US of backing terrorism in Middle East No need to play with words and split terrorists into moderate and not moderate Teen Arrested for 'Insulting' President Erdogan on Facebook.Insulting the president of Turkey is punishable under the law and those guilty face up to four years in prison. Many Antidepressant Studies Found Tainted by Pharma Company Influence Islamists recruiting at Norway asylum centres Cisa amendment would allow US to jail foreigners for crimes committed abroad Peru's Indigenous Women Demand Justice for Forced Sterilization.More than 300,000 women and 20,000 men were subjected to forced steralization to reduce births among Indigenous peoples. The MP tricked into condemning a fake drug called cake has been put in charge of scrutinising drugs policy in the UK Putin says Assad could work with rebels against IS, specifically mentioning the Kurdish forces After massive student protests, South Africa freezes tuition hikes Cycling to Norway Hundreds of migrants have cycled into Norway from Russia after finding a new route into Europe that avoids the deadly Mediterranean crossing. Germany arrests suspected antirefugee plotters German officials have arrested three farright extremists and seized explosive material that could be used in attacks on migrants. The authorities say rightwing groups plan to intensify their antirefugee violence Stun grenades and water cannons used on South African university students, as tuition protests continue around the country The Obama administration is cutting aid to the Palestinians by $80 million in an apparent message to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. Refugees 'look like an army', says Hungarian PM Viktor Orban Rightwing leader says the flow of people consists of economic migrants and fighters along with refugees as Hungary offers trains for people to return to Turkey The World Health Organisation is reportedly planning to declare that bacon, sausages and other processed meat cause cancer. Red meat is also expected to be listed as being probably carcinogenic to humans. 47 Percent of Nigerians Don't Wash Their Hands With Soap After Defecation, UNICEF Finds Greece has seen a record 48,000 migrants and refugees land on its shores in the space of just five days, the International Organization for Migration said on Friday. 2015 Likely to Be Hottest Year Ever Recorded Human trafficking crackdown on sex trade across Canada yields 47 people charged U.N. Report Calls on Governments to Protect Whistleblowers Like Snowden, Not Prosecute Them | Confidential sources and whistleblowers are a crucial element of a healthy democracy, says the U.N. Special Rapporteur for free speech. Somebody Is Carving Select Cuts from Canadian Cows & Leaving Their Corpses in the Field Hurricane Patricia roars into Mexico early this morning, then quicky crumbles and dies off from the mountainous terrain. ISIS is making up to $50 million a month from oil sales Isis earns $50m a month from oil sales | Isis reportedly earns up to $50 million (32.6 million) each month from oil sales, allowing the group to maintain its rule over their selfdeclared caliphate stretching across large parts of Syria and Iraq. Palau creates marine sanctuary the size of California | The sanctuary will take up 80 percent of the Pacific nation's waters, and will be the world's sixthlargest area to be fully protected from fishing or drilling. Ai Weiwei banned from using Lego to build Australian artwork  toy company told artist it cannot approve the use of Legos for political works Initial reports indicate no major damage, deaths from Hurricane Patricia American Delta Force and Kurdish commando team raided ISIS prison after word leaked that executions were imminent; US Delta operator killed in firefight was a father of four. When you say, I need a wife, you can first consult your parents and, God willing, they will find you a suitable one. If they dont, you can come to us, says Turkish islamist AKP prime minister Davutoglu Iraq authorizes Russian airstrikes against Daesh (ISIL) Indian Government approves induction of women fighter pilots in Air Force Czech Republic under fire for stripping refugees to take their money to pay for their involuntary detention Saudi Arabia Eight of the 12 surviving sons of country's monarch support move to oust King Salman A boat carrying 560 Egyptian child migrants, all aged 11 and younger, has reached Italian shores, where the children have now been provided with residence and shelters. Boris Johnson calls for halt to planned solar aid cuts  Mayor of London warns that thousands of jobs are being put at risk, in letter sent to the energy minister on final day of govt consultations on the proposals Common asthma drug reverses aging in rat brains, human trials starting soon ISIS publishes firstever video in Hebrew 'Not a single Jew will remain in Jerusalem' Suicide bomber kills 16 at procession for Shi'ite holiday in Pakistan Giant Squid juvenile monsters of the deep captured off Japan  Marine biologists capture 3 young giant squid in what's 1st confirmed catch of very young juveniles of the elusive creature. Spitting image of their gigantic parents  if nearly 1,000lbs & 50ft smaller Iranianborn man is sentenced to 8 years in prison for sharing information on advanced US fighter jet engines Iraq authorises Russia to strike Islamic State inside country For the first time, EU regulators have recommended approval for a viral immunotherapy drug. The drug uses a modified Herpes simplex virus (cold sores) that only infects melanoma cancer cells, causing them to rupture and die. Erdogan Says Turkey Won't Let Kurds 'Seize' Northern Syria Brazil Supreme Court seized $2.45 million in Swiss accounts allegedly belonging to the speaker of Brazil's lower house of congress, a powerful political figure who can largely determine whether widely sought impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff are introduced on the chamber floor Pastor in Singapore found guilty of using $37 million in church funds to boost wife's failing pop star career Tony Blair apologises for 'mistakes' over Iraq War and admits 'elements of truth' to view that invasion helped rise of Isis. Japan's Yakuza Cancels Halloween  On Halloween, Japans largest organized crime group used to allow children to extort mobsters. But event called off this yr due to a possible gang war. Lockheed Martin, Boeing rally around Saudi Arabia, wave off humanitarian concerns Chinese demand for forest turtles is threatening an endangered species found only on one Philippine island, wildlife officials said Sunday. The Philippine Forest Turtle, found only in the western island of Palawan, is one of numerous freshwater turtles being taken by poachers for sale to China. Pope Francis scolds Catholic bishops over their attitudes towards gays and the divorced Portugal is in the midst of a constitutional crisis after President Anibal Cavaco Silva refused to allow a coalition of leftwing antiausterity parties to take power even though they have a majority in parliament. Anger at David Cameron who uses 100,000 from taxpayers for trip to honour dead Saudi King. Egypt has developed a gamechanging lowpower water desalination technique UK nuclear deterrent to cost 167 billion pounds, far more than expected Russia Poised to Criminalize Coming Out 1 in 4 Australian students fails to complete a year 12 certificate or vocational equivalent, and 30 % of year 7 students are falling behind international benchmarks in reading Landmark national study has also exposed an alarming discrepancy between advantaged and disadvantaged students. Journalist pays for reporting the truth about ISIS with his father's life Helmet camera footage shows joint US Delta ForceKurdish raid to rescue Islamic State hostages ExxonMobil Targets Journalists and Activists After Climate Change Investigation Pirate Party storms to success in Icelandic polls Larger employers will have to publish the amount men and women are awarded in bonuses as part of proposed legislation to reduce the gender pay gap. Iranian government slams US jailing of engineer for trying to send sensitive military documents to Iran Severe weather hits Middle East, causes fatal flooding, downed power cable in Egypt Chinese Investment Company to Buy Texas Oil Fields for $1.3B British Army Enlisted Indian Children as Young as 10 in World War 1, Claims Book Russian airstrike hits Syrian hospital, aid group says Jordan and Israel agree to take steps to help quell violence European leaders to hold summit over migrant crisis China communist party paper says country should join U.S.led TPP College applications in UK to become anonymous to prevent unconscious bias against candidates from minority groups Saudi Arabia to run out of cash in fewer than 5 years, IMF says Saudi Prince Arrested in Beirut on Drug Smuggling Strong earthquake jolts Islamabad UK accused of doing China's bidding after police raid home of Tiananmen Square survivor over peaceful protest WHO Processed meats cause cancer. Dutch court revokes Scientology's taxexempt status A Chinese biotechnological company announced that it has developed the world's first 3D blood vessel bioprinter, which makes it possible to produce personalized functional organs Activists urge Trudeau to defend Canadas copyright regime from TPP changes Poland has returned their government to the right as exit polls show 39% for Kaczyski's PiS party. Google invests in Africas largest windfarm  Internet giant to acquire 12.5% stake in Lake Turkana windfarm in Kenya. Venezuelas central bank has filed suit in the US against a website widely used to track the plummeting black market value of the countrys currency Saudi relationship with UK 'at risk', warns ambassador. An alarming change in Britain's attitude towards Saudi Arabia could lead to serious repercussions, the Saudi ambassador has warned. Indonesia's fires labelled a 'crime against humanity' as 500,000 suffer | Haze has caused havoc, with schools in neighbouring Singapore and Malaysia shut down, flights grounded and events cancelled Israeli ministers approve mandatory Arabic studies from first grade Scientifically validated antidiabetes herbal drug launched in India. Cost 0.077 USD per tablet Muslim leader condemns beheading of South Sudanese Christian by IS in Libya Red meat cancer risk to be revealed by WHO Pakistan uses Taliban to counter India CIA chiefs hacked emails Tour boat carrying 27 passengers sinks off Tofino, B.C. China to supply fuel to Nepal after protesters block deliveries from India Beijing is set to send about 100 tanker trucks of gasoline to fuelstarved Nepal, officials say. The move comes after protesters from Nepal's Madhesi minority blocked off the key border crossing with India Europe is starting to shut down the free flow of refugees Nine killed in gun battle between Turkish police and ISIL suspects.The shootout in Diyarbakir erupted just six days ahead of elections in Turkey, with tensions running high following the countrys worst ever bomb attack and a resurgence of the conflict with Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) rebels. Guatemala's jailed former president, Otto Perez, says he regrets bowing to U.S. pressure to extend the work of an anticorruption unit that then toppled him from power and that it was U.S. Vice President Joe Biden who forced his hand Plane's Undercarriage Collapses During Landing Exxon Knew about Climate Change Almost 40 Years Ago  A new investigation shows the oil company understood the science before it became a public issue and spent millions to promote misinformation. Rape Victims Are Being Jailed Under Extramarital Sex Laws in the UAE Greenland Is Melting Away Belgian Scientologists go on trial for fraud and extortion  church could face ban if convicted China say's US warship illegally entered its waters. As large animals disappear, the loss of their poop hurts the planet Whistleblowers in Canada could receive awards in excess of $1.5 million when a formal policy is unveiled Wednesday by the Ontario Securities Commission to encourage those in the know to help ferret out corporate wrongdoing. Intolerable Heat May Hit the Middle East by the End of the Century  By the end of this century, areas of the Persian Gulf could be hit by waves of heat and humidity so severe that simply being outside for several hours could threaten human life Poachers kill another 22 elephants with cyanide in Zimbabwe Change of heart for peace Top Pakistani hardliner cleric says I am a Pakistani and I do not hate India Worlds largest concentrated solar power plant, powered by the Moroccan Saharan sun, set to help renewables provide almost half the countrys energy by 2020 343 UK scholars pledge boycott of Israeli universities German Jews Warn Merkel That Refugees May Spread AntiSemitism Jewish leaders told German Chancellor Angela Merkel theyre concerned that refugees streaming into the country may foment antiSemitism, underscoring the risk of social conflict as her government struggles to contain the migrant crisis Sec. Carter U.S. to Begin 'Direct Action on the Ground' in Iraq, Syria Troops Who Sought Strike On Afghan Hospital Knew It Was A Hospital The Army Green Berets who requested the Oct. 3 airstrike on the Doctors without Borders trauma center in Afghanistan were aware it was a functioning hospital but believed it was under Taliban control U.S. Navy to send destroyer within 12 miles of Chinese islands Yemen hospital hit by Saudiled airstrikes Skeleton of ancient warrior & hoard of treasure found in 3,500yrold tomb  US archeologists found the wooden coffin of the unknown soldier on the Peloponnese peninsula, with jewellery, a bronze sword & ivory combs inside Around 700 of the 4,000 refugees who have been housed in Lower Saxony over the past week have gone missing and authorities mostly have no idea who or where they are. The astonishing number was revealed in a survey of local authorities in the northwest German state by the Neue Osnabrcker Zeitung. Emperor Palpatine takes City Council seat in Ukraines Odessa Kurds Say Turkey Shot at Its Forces in Northern Syria European Parliament votes in favour of 'two speed' internet Lastsurviving cracker from Titanic is auctioned for 15,000. Most valuable biscuit. Parts of London have higher TB rates than Iraq or Rwanda Out Of The Closet & Straight To Jail New Plan To Punish Coming Out In Russia  A proposed law would extend the countrys ban on gay propaganda to cover simply publicly identifying as gay. The star witness in a case pitting rainforest villagers against a multinational oil giant has admitted to lying under oath in an effort to help Chevron avoid paying a $9.5 billion judgment for deliberate pollution of the Ecuadorian Amazon Toronto on brink of a mob war, Italy warns Two children face two years in jail for tearing down Erdoan poster African Union reports mass graves, cannibalism in South Sudan Saudi Prince busted smuggling two tons of amphetamines out of Beirut, and some cocaine. Another MSF (Doctors Without Borders) Hospital Destroyed by Airstrikes, this time in Yemen. Turkish authorities are seizing two major opposition TV stations, trying to shut it down, police attacking journalists Roman Polanski should be deported from Poland to the US to face sentence over a conviction for having sex with a minor in 1977, according to the leader of Polands newly elected Law and Justice party. Malnutrition and other 'Victorian' diseases soaring in England 'due to food poverty and cuts' | Cases of Victorianera diseases including scurvy, scarlet fever, cholera and whooping cough have increased since 2010 500 billion dollars stolen under Maliki rule in Iraq official United Nations votes 1912 to condemn U.S. embargo against Cuba This Could Be the Worst Climate Crisis in the World Right Now Indonesia's deforestation nightmare is choking thousands and making climate change worse Iraq We Didn't Ask for U.S. Ground Operations Oxytocin spray improves social skills in some children with autism, worldfirst study shows About 1,000 Bikini islanders have applied to relocate to the United States as rising seas threaten their adopted home. Nasa opens discussion on where to land humans on Mars Asthma drug could rejuvenate ageing brains, study suggest  Researchers found that a six week course of the drug, montelukast, improved memory and learning in older rodents, with their performance in cognitive tests nearly matching that of much younger animals. Scientists confirm that East Antarcticas biggest glacier is melting from below. 20,000 orangutans in danger of burning due to fires in Indonesia Austria to Build Border Fence to Control Flow of Migrants 1,000yearold Bible recovered in central Turkey US will fly and sail where 'international law permits' despite rebuke from China 93% of deaths and injuries in Yemen are civilian Iran Is Invited to Join U.S., Russia and Europe for Talks on Syrias Future Exxon is denying it deliberately downplayed global warming By 285 votes to 281, MEPs decide to call on EU member states to drop any criminal charges against Edward Snowden China to end onechild policy Nepal elects first female President 22 Shipwrecks Found in Single Location in Greece  Surpassing all expectations, over only 13 days we added 12% to total of known ancient shipwrecks in Greek territorial waters. They span from the Archaic Period to the Classical & Hellenistic through Late Medieval Period. Japan urged to ban manga child abuse images UNs child protection envoy says extreme child pornographic content in comics should be banned but artists call it an attack on freedom of expression Denmark wants foreign fighters jailed for life The Justice Ministry on Thursday announced plans to punish Danish foreign fighters as traitors, allowing for life imprisonment. EU Toughens Against TTIP as Top German Lawmaker Blasts AntiDemocratic Deal the president of the German Bundestag, or parliament, has threatened to vote against the socalled trade agreement due to its lack of transparency and democratic legitimacy Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, was awarded the European Union's Sakharov prize for human rights and freedom of thought Automatic porn filters to be made 'law of the land' (UK) Rosetta finds oxygen on comet 67P in 'most surprising discovery to date' Google believes it is on course to have enough internetbeaming balloons in the stratosphere to form a ring over part of the world next year. Russia Announced It Is Sending Humans To The Moon Bitcoin CEO spent embezzled funds on prostitutes reports Refugees refusing to leave bus in 'too cold' Sweden to be removed Fourteen people have stayed on the bus since it reached Limedsforsen three days ago, saying the village is too cold and isolated Police used the Terrorism Act to seize a Newsnight journalist's laptop China to start work on super, supercollider by 2020. The facility is expected to generate millions of Higgs boson particles, far more than the capacity of Europe's Large Hadron Collider (LHC), helping scientists to answer some fundamental questions about how the universe works. A prominent Iranian official recently suggested a new drug policy for the country that includes taking steps toward the legalization of cannabis and opium Brazil officials evict families from homes ahead of 2016 Olympic Games An international team of scientists discovered that solar storms can be much more powerful and devastating than we know. By analyzing traces of solar storms in ice cores from Greenland and Antarctica, researchers concluded that Earth was hit by two extreme solar storms over a thousand years ago. Pope says denying Israel's right to exist is antiSemitism 4,400 Dead Cows Are Decomposing on Brazilian Beaches France to ban vaginal exams without consent UK A private company has made thousands of pounds by targeting smokers who drop their cigarette ends in the town centre. The company are paid their commission by the council every time they give out a fine, regardless of whether the culprits cough up or not. Syrians living tragedy and despair barely imaginable five years ago, says top UN relief official North Korea believed to earn a fortune from sending forced labor overseas, U.N. says Isis shuts down all women's clinics, threatens male gynaecologists with death German rapper who joined ISIS killed in U.S. strike Syrian antiISIS activist who blogged about terrible conditions in Raqqa is found decapitated in Turkey alongside beheaded corpse of his friend The police want to see your entire internet history Every child left behind in the Islamic States new elementary schools. Math, music, philosophy, history, French and geography were all banned. Brazil, which has one of the highest murder tolls on the planet, could soon end most restrictions on gun ownership, risking what one critic called a Wild West scenario draft law stripping away current limits has been approved and is due to go to the lower house of Congress in November. Sweden's outspoken foreign minister says 'In the long run our system will collapse' UK Prime Minister Apparently Last To Realize New EU Net Neutrality Rules Mean No Porn Filtering Egyptians are turning on a TV host who justified a sexual assault and said that a victim wore revealing clothes. Qatar plans to spend $200 billion on infrastructure related to World Cup| Foreign workers making up nearly 90 percent of the population, still need permission to leave the country, keeping them at the mercy of their employers,said the Int'l Trade Union Confederation More than 50 leading international media editors have written an open letter to President Recep Tayyip Erdoan raising profound concerns about the deteriorating conditions for press freedom in Turkey in the run up to the elections this weekend Polish court rejects US request to extradite Roman Polanski. Pentagon 'We're in combat' in Iraq Tanzania is planning to supply a million homes with electricity using solar power Pakistan sold nuke technology to Iran in 1980s says former president Rafsanjani Hole in the ozone layer expands to near record levels. Southern part of Australia to be hit with high levels of UVR. NASA spacecraft plunges through Saturn moon's icy spray Snowden slams UK government over encryption ackdoor' plans | The UK government wants backdoor access to communications for everything people actually use, Edward Snowden has claimed Russia says no country can use military force in Syria without government approval China Scores Dead Last in Latest InternetFreedom Survey Saudi Arabia Can't Get Its Story Straight on the MSF Hospital Destroyed in Yemen Germany to deport thousands of Immigrants Obama orders US special forces to 'assist' fight against Isis in Syria Deadly Betrayal Elephants Lie Slaughtered And Mutilated By The Men Paid To Protect Them Former president of Uruguay Jose Mujica, who is known for his humble character, was hosted modestly, in accordance with his wishes, with a 73 VW as his official car and a threestar hotel in Istanbul. Russian airliner carrying more than 200 passengers missing on flight over Egypt's Sinai peninsula At least 21 dead, 80 wounded in blast at Bucharest nightclub  BNONews Islamic State claim responsibility for today's plane crash over Egypt publisher of secular books hacked to death in Bangladesh A Pfizer Inc. plant in China that was being inspected by Food and Drug Administration regulators in order to ship drugs to the U.S. kept a second set of quality and manufacturing records that didnt match official ones, according to an FDA review of the facility Researchers have developed a blood test that can accurately diagnose, from a single drop of blood, if a person has cancer with 96% certainty for most common types of cancer Indian air force on high alert after repeated sightings of 'UFOs' at Delhi airport The Devil, most wanted ivory trafficker in Tanzania, arrested Canadas national police force is demanding VICE Canada turn over all notes and communications between the journalism outlet and a suspected Islamic State fighter Mysterious Ancient Earthworks in Kazakhstan Spotted by NASA Ozone Hole over Antarctic hits Record Size Innocent Guantanamo Bay Inmate Finally Released After 14 Years A Nasa spacecraft that dived through a geyser plume on one of Saturns moons, closer to the surface than ever before, has delivered the first images and data from its taste of an underground ocean. S&P just downgraded Saudi Arabia Netanyahu Retracts Assertion That Palestinian Inspired Holocaust New Lords revolt looms over plans to allow police to view everyone's internet browsing history in UK. Scientists have designed microscopic grenades that can explode their cancerkilling payload in tumours. A new species is evolving right before our eyes  an ultrasuccessful mix of wolves, coyotes & dogs  The interbreeding began up to 200 yrs ago, as European settlers pushed into Ontario & cleared the animals habitat for farming, killing a large number of wolves who lived there. Charities working in immigration detention centres were asked to pay multimilliondollar bonds that could be forfeited if they spoke out against government policy, as the Coalition sought to maintain secrecy over border protection. Four UN employees have been fired for storing child pornography on their UN computers, while another was sacked for transporting marijuana in a UN vehicle and another for threatening to kill a UN mission head Egyptian authorities once again flood Gaza tunnels with sea water Russia has again thwarted attempts to create the worlds largest ocean sanctuary in Antarctica, the final country opposing the protection of a vast swathe of rich waters from fishing, after a revised international plan won support from China China plans to double the entire world's nuclear power plant count by 2050. They plan to build 400 nuclear power plants. Pentagon Opens Probe Into Sexual Abuse by U.S. Allies in Afghanistan | The Dancing Boys of Afghanistan Nasa tracking asteroid 'coming close' to earth Report UN Staff Transported 380 Pounds of Weed, Watched and Shared Child Porn, and Tried to Bring a Chainsaw onto a Plane A man held for 14 years without being charged at Guantanamo wants an independent UK inquiry Denmark's Prime Minister says I know that some people in the US associate the Nordic model with some sort of socialism, ... therefore I would like to make one thing clear. Denmark is far from a socialist planned economy. Denmark is a market economy Burger King could become the first fast food chain to sell alcohol in the UK Germany is about to start up a monster machine that could revolutionize the way we use energy the Max Planck Institute has completed the worlds largest nuclear fusion machine of its kind, called a stellarator A rare intense tropical cyclone has formed in the Arabian Sea and is forecast to dump eight years of rain in about 48 hours on typically arid regions of the Arabian Peninsula. Seized Turkish Media Outlets Turn Progovernment Overnight Controversial plans to allow the police and security services full access to everyones internet browsing history have been abandoned by ministers in UK. Venezuela is running out of cash and selling its gold German frustration builds over TTIP secrecy from US German parliamentarians are demanding access to documents that contain the US position on transatlantic trade negotiations. TTIP supporters in the US argue that Washington shouldn't lay all of its cards on the table Muslim children should not be forced to sing national anthem, says Hizb utTahrir CoPilot's Wife He Complained About Plane  Says that daughter called copilot of the Russian plane that crashed & he complained before the flight that the technical condition of the aircraft left much to be desired. Scientists and nuclear experts from around the world gathered in southwestern Japan on Sunday to push for the abolition of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, with this year marking the 70th anniversary of the U.S. atomic bombings of Japanese cities. At least 129 refugees have been found in a refrigerated truck on the Bulgarian border with Turkey, according to a Bulgarian state news agency report. The refrigerated truck driven by a Turkish citizen attempted to enter Bulgaria at the Kapitan Andreevo border checkpoint with Turkey Cambridge chemists make breakthrough with ultimate battery which can power a car from London to Edinburgh Saddamstyle ISIS oil exports worth $500m a year 'conducted through Turkey' Blair denies ministers were told to urn' Iraq war legal advice Lufthansa, Air France avoid flying over Sinai after crash UN & Red Cross issue rare joint rebuke, scold world leaders over 'conflict paralysis'  Urge immediate concrete steps to ease plight of civilians in places like Afghanistan, Nigeria & Syria. 1st time they've issued a joint warning. Instability is spreading. Suffering is growing. Islamic State claims video shows it blowing up Russian plane over Egypt Sinai plane broke up in mid air Greek Banks Face $15.9 Billion Bill After Economic Debacle Small, dim stars could still support life U.S. pledges nearly $100 million to support Syrian opposition as antiISIS offensive begins Somalia threatened by illegal fishermen after west chases away pirates | Nato came because of the piracy, but the cause of piracy is the illegal fishing, says Wais, the Eyl official. If Nato can chase away the pirates, then why not the illegal fishermen? Ireland plans to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of drugs, including heroin, cocaine and cannabis A Huge Fire in the Amazon Likely Caused By Illegal Loggers Threatens Thousands of Indigenous People and an Uncontacted Tribe Sweden to become worlds first fossilfuel free nation Pacific Islands Make LastDitch Plea to World Before Paris Climate Change Talks  Unless the world acts decisively in coming weeks, the Pacific as we know it is doomed, said Fijian prime minister Frank Bainimarama. 'External factor' caused Sinai crash Saudi Arabia will raise the price of water for nonresidential consumers, local media reported, a sign the government is cutting back an expensive system of subsidies as low oil prices strain its finances. Flight recorders show crashed Russian jet not struck from outside investigator Erdogan's AKP set to win majority in critical Turkey vote Details Revealed in Chilling Plot to Execute AntiISIS Activists in Turkey Syria rebels using caged captives as 'human shields' monitor Singapore ranked world's healthiest country, UK fails to make top 20 For the first time since 1948, Egypt votes for Israel at UN At least 550 wounded in horrific marketbombing in Damascus besieged area China just unveiled its first large passenger plane Xu Xiang, boss of China's largest local private fund has been arrested due to insider trading and market manipulation Japan and China agree on moves to mend ties further Iran starts taking nuclear centrifuges offline | Under the July 14 agreement, Iran is to curb its nuclear programme under United Nations supervision to ensure it cannot be used to make a nuclear weapon, in exchange for the removal of sanctions that have isolated Tehran and hobbled its economy. China Sends Armed Jets Over Disputed Waters In Response to U.S. Naval Presence Jihad is a lot of fun, said German rapper turned ISIL pitchman. Now hes reportedly dead from air strike Majority of Northern Ireland MLA's vote for gay marriage but motion fails for the 5th time in 3 years due to a 5th motion of concern by the DUP. Living Wage in London rising to 9.40 an hour Official Afghanistan will accept deportees from Germany The worlds largest and the UKs first floating offshore wind development approximately 25 kilometres off the coast of Peterhead has been granted consent, the Scottish Government has announced today. Ban Ki Moon It is up to the Syrian people who have to decide the future of President Assad. Male rape now a crime in China