 Airport Security in the Philippines Have Been Putting Bullets in Luggage to Extort Passengers The Department of Defense (DoD) spent nearly $43 million to build a gas station in Afghanistan that should have cost no more than $500,000 according to a new report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR). NASA reveals that Antarctica is actually gaining more ice than it is losing Lawyers without Borders findings about the Raif Badawi trial An unfair trial, an incompetent court, a crime which is not one and a punishment that constitutes torture Saudi Arabia has violated its own laws in addition to its international obligations. More than 10,000 crocodiles are starving to death on a farm in Honduras after the wealthy family owning them had their assets frozen because of US accusations they laundered money for drug traffickers. In a sixmonth period, 70% of detached homes sold in Vancouvers west side went to Mainland China buyers Amnesty International says oil giant Shell's claims of cleaning up spills that have destroyed the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Nigerians are false Satellite detected heat flash at time Russian jetliner went down Iran Ayatollah 'Death to America' Refers to US Policies ISIS Protection Tax Found Among UK Inmates In HighSecurity Prisons, Report Says. Investigation uncovers scheme to make nonMuslim prisoners py a tax for their protection from radical Muslim prisoners Tomb Tells Tale of Family Executed by China's 1st Female Emperor  1,300yrold tomb, discovered in cave, holds bones of a man who helped the only female emperor rise to power. The epitaphs describe how she then executed him & his entire family. Money Flooding Out of Canada at Fastest Pace in Developed World Syria conflict Russia softens support for Assad, saying it is not crucial for him to remain in power. TransCanada suspend its US permit application for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline Shopkeepers revolt has mafia on the run in its Sicilian heartland. Vatican financial investigators suspect a department of the Holy See which oversees real estate and investments was used in the past for possible money laundering, insider trading and market manipulation Big solar storm means chance to see Northern Lights in across most of the US and Europe Iran Says It May Quit Talks on Syria Over Saudis' Role Espionage is fueling China's development of highend weapons systems. China has already created prototypes that are remarkably similar to some of the US's most advanced weapons systems, such as the F35, USNI reports. Ecuador said Monday a World Bank arbitration panel has ordered it to pay $1 billion to US oil firm Occidental Petroleum for cancelling a contract. Occidental sued Ecuador in May 2006, after the cancellation of a contract granting it the right to extract 100,000 barrels of oil a day VW emissions scandal widens to include Porsche claims Guinness to pour veganfriendly pints from 2016, after the company revealed it will remove fish guts from the brewing process. China and France agreed Monday that an international deal to tackle climate change to be negotiated in Paris should include checks on compliance, in what visiting French President Francois Hollande called a historic step forward Sharp increase in Golan Druze seeking Israeli citizenship as Syria war rages Black U.S. citizen Kyle Lydell Canty seeks refugee status in Canada A U.S. citizen has argued before Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board in Vancouver that he should be granted refugee status over fears that he will be killed in his home country by police because he is black. NASA set to announce another big finding on Mars this Thursday. Rupert Murdoch recently acquired National Geographic and has just laid off 10% of the staff. Cuba achieved food security without destroying its environment and the rest of the world has taken notice Cuba is presenting several of its original biotechnologies at an international business fair this week. 41 dead as Russian plane crash lands in South Sudan  reports Add Porsche To The List Of Cars Involved In VWs Massive Emissions Cheating Scandal Justin Trudeau sworn in as new Canadian Prime Minister 2,000yearold Maccabeanera fortress unearthed in Jerusalem after centurylong search | One of the 'great archaeological riddles in the history of Jerusalem' is solved China Burns Much More Coal Than Reported, Complicating Climate Talks  China has been using up to 17% more coal a yr than reported. By some estimates, that means almost a billion more tons of carbon dioxide released annually. Romania's PM Ponta to resign after mass protests  ruling party China offers free higher education to poor students Says by 2020 it will provide free senior high education to all students in the country Zimbabwe journalists arrested for linking police with elephant poisonings  Amnesty condemns shocking attempt to threaten freedom of the press as trio from staterun Sunday Mail face slander charge Secret Wife Of Saudi King Awarded $40m By UK Court The worlds only wild orangutansalready besieged by logging, hunting, pet trading and the steady expansion of palmoil plantationsare now threatened by forest fires that have burned for months on the islands of Borneo and Sumatra in southeast Asia. Trial of former HSBC banker Herve Falciani, the 'Snowden of tax evasion,' starts in Switzerland | The trial has begun in Switzerland of banker Herve Falciani, whose leaks helped uncover the HSBC tax evasion scandal. The FrenchItalian national is accused of financial espionage, among other charges Sunken Ruins of Alexandria Set to Become Worlds First Underwater Museum  the associated 270,000 square foot area of Alexandria Bay includes the Lighthouse of Alexandria, one of the seven ancient wonders of the world Syrian Army recaptures key oilfield from ISIS UK Scotland Yard is to deploy thousands of extra police officers and impose tough public order restrictions over fears that a Bonfire night protest in London against austerity and increased state surveillance will turn violent. Proposed UK surveillance laws sates internet firms must store details of all internet connection records for 12 months. After government dropped plans to store everyone's browsing history. 25,000 people protest in Bucharest against corruption Volkswagen says 800,000 cars may have false CO2 levels A 'huge milestone' approval of cancerhunting virus signals new treatment era  Treatments such as Imlygic have two modes of action first, the virus directly attacks the cancer cells; and second, it triggers the bodys immune system to attack the rogue cells too Iran Arrests U.S. Resident for Espionage; Man Had Been Invited to Tehran by Irans VP Saudi Wells Running Dry  of Water  Spell End of Desert Wheat. Norway wealth fund drops 29.4bn amid market rout. The worlds largest sovereign wealth fund, which is Norwegian, has posted its biggest loss in four years, just as the government is preparing to make its first ever withdrawals to plug budget deficits Canada ranks first in world for personal freedom and social tolerance. Full text of the TPP has just been released. Child born out of rape has inheritance rights on assaulter's property rules Indian High Court Man Dies After Tapeworm Inside Him Gets Cancer  This is the first known report of a person becoming sick from cancer cells that developed in a parasite. Kim Dotcom is building his own fully encrypted internet  a nonIP based internet called MegaNet. Canada's new prime minister, Justin Trudeau, took office on 4 November  and as one of his first acts, created the post of Minister of Science. Canadian election brings hope for science Kirsty Duncan, a medical geographer at the University of Toronto, will be the first to hold the job. Iranian actress who posted photos online not wearing a hijab forced to flee country Mexican Supreme Court has opened the door to legalizing Marijuana use Climate change missing from full TransPacific Partnership text, confirming the worst nightmares of environmental groups U.S. intelligence Bomb likely brought down plane Doctors Without Borders Staff Shot While Fleeing Kunduz Hospital, Report Finds Iraqi, Turkish businessmen directly involved in funding $2B to ISIS by buying oil. MI5 secretly collected Britons' data for 'more than a decade,' Theresa May says Thousands of protesters are expected to take to the streets today in over 670 cities across the world wearing Guy Fawkes masks, as part of the antiestablishment Million Mask March. Saudi handchopping incident No exit visa for Indian maid if 'assault' is mentioned The Mexican Supreme court ruled Wednesday that individuals should have the right to grow and distribute marijuana for their personal use. Irish Government To Decriminalize Heroin, Cocaine, And Marijuana Canada's new PM Justin Trudeau appointed the most diverse and genderequal cabinet in history Greek refugee island running out of space to bury the dead Sharm elSheikh flights to UK delayed amid bomb fears Cause of Russian plane crash looking like explosion source close to investigation Erdogan demands Turkish constitution change to gain sweeping powers Colombia court rules samesex couples must be allowed to adopt children. Indiaborn former soldier sworn in as Canada's new defense minister US officials Israel requesting $5 billion in annual defense aid The Communist government in Vietnam has agreed to American terms to grant potentially farreaching labor rights to the countrys workers, including the freedom to unionize and to strike, in return for expanded trade between the former adversaries. Mexicos Supreme Court rules that smoking pot is a fundamental human right The United States takes offense at comments by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's new communications director accusing President Barack Obama of antiSemitism and suggesting that Secretary of State John Kerry had the mental abilities of a 12yearold, the State Department said Maldives impeaches its Vice President by 610 vote for plotting to kill its President We got Pizza and Wings Interactions between rival US and Chinese navies are now so frequent in the South China sea that crews have begun to share weekend stories and plans for the holidays. Putin suspends Russian flights to Egypt after Sinai plane crash NASA just announced key findings that explain how extreme climate change transformed Mars into a lifeless desert Members of the UK parliament could be forced to debate a vote of no confidence in David Cameron, after a petition passed 100,000 signatures Uber in Egypt to teach drivers how not to sexually harass women Coal not so 'amazing', public say, as mining industry advertising backfires  New polling suggests the net approval rating for coal among Australians fell by 9% during the course of Little Black Rock advertising campaign McDonald's French Fries Now Selling for $133 in Venezuela 'Designer cells' reverse oneyearold's cancer  The first person in the world to receive a pioneering genetic therapy has had her cancer reversed, say Great Ormond Street doctors. Protonmail (encrypted email service provider) under sophisticated DDOS attack, official statement suggests statesponsored actors. A chemical that could potentially be used in eye drops to reverse cataracts, the leading cause of blindness, has been identified by a team of scientists. British intelligence has uncovered evidence suggesting the Russian airliner was blown up by an onboard bomb Unnoticed mining waste dam collapse in Brazil operated by BHP and Vale accident caused at least 15 deads, 500 people lost their houses and the environment is expected to take 2030 years to recover China releases nearly a billion more tons of carbon dioxide annually than previously thought US knew Afghan hospital was safe from Taliban  but bombed it anyway, say MSF | Accounts from the organisation claim there was no military justification for the US air strike on 3 October that killed 30 medical staff and patients China opens drone schools as demand for pilots soars It is estimated the country's maintenance, mapping, filming and agricultural industries will need more than 10,000 drone pilots this year China overtakes Canada as largest tradepartner of US | Business Standard News More Oil Companies Could Join Exxon Mobil as Focus of Climate Investigations ExJPMorgan broker pleads guilty to stealing $20 million to gamble and trade with US now sees Taliban as reconciliation partners Pentagon Unions, lawmakers promise closer scrutiny of Pacific trade pact  It's worse than we thought, Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizens Global Trade Watch Canadian veteran John Gallagher killed in fight against ISIS. Police have used antiterrorism powers to detain UK volunteers taking aid to Calais refugee camp | British volunteers on a humanitarian aid run to refugees in Calais were detained by police under legislation meant to be used against suspected terrorists Sierra Leone has been declared officially Ebola free. Muzzled Canadian scientists now free to speak with media For years, scientists who worked for the federal government were silenced by strict rules that made them seek departmental approval before speaking to the press. Obama rejects Keystone XL project, citing climate concerns Russian plane crash black box 'confirms bomb explosion brought down jet' UK government says fast broadband is a fundamental right like water or power and pledges all businesses and households will have it by 2020 Illegally planted palm oil already growing on burnt land in Indonesia China emits nearly 1 billion tonnes more CO2 a year than it discloses, report claims Presidents of China and Taiwan Shake Hands in First Ever Meeting Satellite pictures of a remote and treeless northern steppe reveal colossal earthworks recognizable only from the air and the oldest estimated at 8,000 years old. Anticapitalism rising in UK as Million Mask March spurs violence in London Mikhail Lesin, Putin associate and creator of Russia Today (rt.com), found dead in D.C. hotel room. LDS church bans children of samesex marriages from membership. An underwater vessel containing undetonated explosives has been found near the Russian underwater gas pipeline Nord Stream, just off the Swedish coast. India orders Greenpeace to shut down over fraud A plane carrying British holidaymakers to Sharm elSheikh came within 300 metres (1,000ft) of a missile as it neared the Egyptian airport in August, the government has confirmed. Britain, U.S. intercepted 'chatter' supporting theory bomb took down Russian jet  officials Iranian President Criticizes Iran's Free Speech Crackdown Attacks on refugees in Germany double in three months Infrared Scans Show Possible Hidden Chamber in King Tuts Tomb UAE told UK crack down on Muslim Brotherhood or lose arms deals. Files reveal plans for crown prince to demand David Cameron act against Islamist group in return for BAE Systems and BP deals. NATO Was 'Praying' for MSF as the US Attacked Its Hospital in Kunduz | Doctors Without Borders reveals that, while US airstrikes were killing patients in an Afghan hospital, the alliance was being warned via text that it was hitting civilians  and that it replied with prayers 25 minutes to escape Brazilian village destroyed in dam deluge Russian plane crash French 'rule out technical failure' Greenpeace India Says It Has Been Ordered to Dissolve. UK Set to Ban Internet Companies from Providing Total Encryption to Its Users A new report suggests that the marriage of AI and robotics could replace so many jobs that the era of mass employment could come to an end Muslims are dangerous Myanmar Buddhist monks threaten democracy with support for antiMuslim laws France lifts ban on gay men as blood donors  CNN.com India sues the Queen for return of 'stolen' 100m KohiNoor diamond Pakistani college hires transgender staff in an effort to promote acceptance Peru is creating a national park to protect a vast territory in the Amazon basin that is vulnerable to drug trafficking and illegal logging and mining VW engineers have admitted manipulating CO2 emissions data  VW engineers tampered with tyre pressure and mixed diesel with their motor oil to make them use less fuel, a deception that began in 2013 and carried on until the spring of this year First women to stand for election in Saudi Arabia Germany 'systematically spied' on own allies on grand scale Russia has returned 11,000 of its tourists from Egypt in the last 24 hours in response to the plane crash in the Sinai Peninsula a week ago, RIA news agency said on Sunday, but tens of thousands more are waiting for flights home. 'Nazi gold train' investigators start excavating site in Poland U.S. official '99.9% certainomb felled Metrojet flight A report into claims of doping coverups, extortion and moneylaundering in athletics will show a whole different scale of corruption even compared to FIFA Thousands march in Berlin antirefugee demo Some 5,000 supporters of the rightwing Alternative for Germany (AfD) have protested in Berlin against Germany's refugee policy. The demonstrators called for Chancellor Angela Merkel to step down South African president says political party comes before country... Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) managers are worried about traveling to the United States, a German newspaper reported on Saturday, saying U.S. investigators have confiscated the passport of an employee who is there on a visit. Day Before Deadly Bombing, U.S. Official Asked if Any Taliban Were Holed Up At MSF Hospital | A report released today by the medical aid group Doctors Without Borders says a U.S. gunship killed doctors and medical staff as they fled from a burning hospital The Moment This Orangutan Knew She And Her Baby Would Be OK Volunteers recently came to the rescue of a desperate orangutan and her baby  victims not only of the blaze, but of human cruelty as well Iraqi Army Killed Over 900 ISIS Terrorists During the Liberation of Baiji Russia sending 44 planes to Egypt to repatriate tourists Street celebrations as Sierra Leone declared Ebolafree New Zealand Spy Watchdog Investigating Countrys Ties to CIA Torture Sharm elSheikh airport officials reveal porous security; faulty scanner, bribes for guards More than 50 people were killed in Yemen in the past two days in fighting pitting an Arab coalition against Houthi fighters backed by troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, medical sources and residents said on Sunday. Chemical weapons watchdog believes Syrian insurgents used mustard gas Catalan parliament votes to secede from Spain by 2017 TPP deal worst thing that Harper government has done for Canada Balsillie Turkish Atheism Association starts petition calling for 'equal treatment' Group calls for the removal of the automatic registration of Turkish children as Muslim at birth World AntiDoping Agency says Russia 'sabotaged' London Olympics, Recommends Bans Thousands of unopened letters dating to the 17th century where hoarded away by a postmaster and only recently discovered by academics hoping to shed light on the period of history A new Taliban breakaway group claims support for peace and womens rights Myanmar elections ruling party concedes defeat to Aung San Suu Kyi World Bank warns climate change could add 100 million poor by 2030 Villagers attack orangutan mother and baby trying to escape forest fires in Borneo To escape the outofcontrol forest fires burning in Borneo, an orangutan with baby by her side attempted to take refuge in a village only to be attacked by frightened villagers, an animal rights group reported Rangers in Congo's Garamba park fight, die in skirmishes with heavily armed elephant poachers 'Life on planet at stake', France warns as climate ministers meet A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced three young men to 75 days in jail and to 50 lashes after they were found guilty of harassing two girls in public CNN Israeli Intel led to bomb conclusion for Sinai crash Saudi Arabia will not stop pumping to boost oil prices English signs must be taken down in Gasp hospitals, language watchdog rules Newly declassified documents reveal just how extremely close USA and Russia were to atomic attacks during the Cold War [Nov 1st] Paralympian 'dragged self' from Qatar Airways flight Chinese spies try to hack Australian submarine bidders plans in Japan, France and Germany A dam holding back waste water from an iron ore mine in Brazil that is owned by Vale and BHP Billiton burst on Thursday, devastating a nearby town with mudslides and leaving officials in the remote region scrambling to assess casualties Germany's capacity to take in refugees is limited, Schaeuble says Warming set to breach 1C threshold Canadian Doctor At Sunnybrook In Toronto First In World To Break BloodBrain Barrier, Successfully Treat Brain Tumor Israel, US to initiate huge arms deal Australia Deploys Sheepdogs to Save a Penguin Colony Australia Tries to Halt Unrest at Immigration Detention Camp Belgium Tells Facebook to Stop Storing Data From NonUsers  Facebook faces a fine of 250,000 euros ($269,000) a day if it doesnt comply Indonesia is planning to build a prison island guarded by meathungry crocodiles for drug convicts. The reason for using the deadly reptiles as prison guards is that crocodiles cannot be bribed unlike human guards. Turkey's only atheist group launches petition to stop automatically registering all babies as Muslim Helmut Schmidt, former West German chancellor, dies aged 96 Former Calgary judge investigated for comments made to alleged sex assault victim  Camp asked the complainant during trial, such as Why didnt you just sink your bottom down into the basin so he couldnt penetrate you? and Why couldnt you just keep your knees together? Chevron Australia's US parent company paid income tax of only $248 last year despite earning an estimated $1.73 billion profit on interest charges to its Gorgon LNG development, documents filed with the Senate inquiry into corporate tax avoidance show. A Moroccan actor who starred in a controversial film about sex workers says she has fled the North African nation for France after being savagely beaten. China recently conducted a flight test of a new missile capable of knocking out U.S. satellites as part of Beijings growing space warfare arsenal Nothing can compete with renewable energy, says top climate scientist | This is not sheer optimism  it is based on analysis of how incumbent systems implode. U.N. officials claim that 13% of Japanese girls engage in compensated dating angers government Former British soldier arrested over 1972 Bloody Sunday shootings Crimes against the environment  such as illegal deforestation, wildlife trafficking and toxic waste dumping  now bring in as much as $213 billion a year, but Interpol officials say the problem is not getting enough attention. Russia hits back at ISIS by destroying 448 targets in just three days Two possible ice volcanoes have been identified on the surface of Pluto. Four Months after Pluto Flyby, NASAs New Horizons Yields Wealth of Discovery Sicily police arrest convicted terrorist Ben Nasr Mehdi who entered Italy on migrant boat Karzai calls alQaida a 'myth' and denies 9/11 attacks were plotted in Afghanistan China decries Shenyang pollution called 'worst every activists Toxic fumes from the Indonesian fires have spread a choking haze across Southeast Asia; scientists warn of health damage Myanmar ruling party concedes defeat as Suu Kyi's party heads for big win China's Dirty Air Just Hit 'Doomsday' Levels | The amount of dangerous, smallparticle air pollution in Shenyang was more than 50 times what the World Health Organization says is safe for humans. More misery ahead for Greeks as economy set to shrink again Israel Netanyahu government approves 2,200 new settlement homes amid rising violence 6 Ethiopians Burned to Death in Latest South Africa Xenophobic Attacks UK surveillance bill could bring 'very dire consequences', warns Apple chief | Any back door is a back door for everyone, says Tim Cook of proposals to allow authorities to track citizens internet use without requiring warrant What the Internet hates about the TPP trade deal After years of warning that the secretive TPP would be devastating for Internet freedom, intellectual property experts have finally gotten to look at the final draft of the proposed treaty. And they say its as bad as they feared Charles Darwins On the Origin of Species has been voted the most influential academic book ever written, hailed as the supreme demonstration of why academic books matter and a book which has changed the way we think about everything. France wont dine with Iran unless wine is served Germany to start using the dublin regulation again  syrians will be sent back to the country they initially arrived in Interns protest at the UN to get paid, but Security breaks it up and tells reporters to delete their photographs Two countries get 75% of all U.S. spending on foreign military aid Pope urges Catholic church to disavow conservatism and fundamentalism Scientists confirm their fears about West Antarctica  that its inherently unstable The result of this study is an ifthen statement, saying that if the Amundsen Sea Sector is destabilized, then the entire marine part of West Antarctica will be discharged into the ocean. Facebook faces fines of $268K per day for tracking nonusers in Belgium Germany's refugee bill to top $22 billion Ethnic British Minorities more likely to go to university than their White British peers Thousands of Afghan women joined a protest march in the streets of Kabul on Wednesday morning, in one of the biggest demonstrations of the past 15 years EU Moves To Label Products From Israeli Settlements An entire town in the UK has moved 'offshore' to avoid tax on local business Canada's Miss World entry claims China is trying to block her from final Britain loses top energy rating after green policy Uturns UK downgraded from AAA to AAB in World Energy Councils trilemma index, after Conservatives scrapped onshore wind subsidies and cut solar subsidies. Poland to sue Russia over withholding 2010 plane crash wreckage El Nio, one of three strongest recorded, brings high drought risk for Australia Worlds most elusive shark found & tagged for 1st time  Lurking in murky tropical rivers, no live adults had ever been seen before. The speartooth sharks (Glyphis glyphis) tagged & released. Tags will beam back data to satellites in 2 months, revealing details about the endangered species. There's a LongLost PaleoRiver Beneath the Sahara Desert Nobody Knew Existed  As if the Sahara wasnt mystical enough, now it has hidden river systems. Netanyahu asks Obama for $50b in military aid 27 pupils collapse at North Yorkshire school Thailand mystery 2 detainees suspected of insulting monarchy die in custody Carbon emissions fall in 11 of G20 members, in turning point | per capita carbon emissions over the five years to 2012 was down in Australia, the United States, Canada, Japan, Germany, Britain, the European Union, South Africa, Italy, France and Mexico. Man declared dead after 20 years missing, found alive living in Tuscan nature reserve UK becomes only G7 country to increase fossil fuel subsidies  Tory government is giving billions in ever increasing handouts to oil and gas majors at the same time as cutting support for clean energy, report reveals Vladimir Putin has ordered an investigation into claims the country's athletes have been part of a systematic doping program. The battle must be open, he said. A sporting contest is only interesting when it is honest. ISIS committed genocide against Iraqs Yazidis, U.S. Holocaust Museum report says Norway says Russian spies are ensnaring its politicians in sex traps  Norwegian authorities say that Russians are blackmailing govt workers, MPs into revealing state secrets by tricking them with duplicitous gifts like vodka and attractive women, a wellknown strategy from the Cold War era. Pacific trade deal could limit affordable drugs  World Health Chief.If these agreements open trade yet close the door to affordable medicines we have to ask the questionis this really progress at all, Islamic State video threatens attacks in Russia 'very soon' site monitoring group Military Concedes Election to Aung San Suu Kyi in Myanmar Malfunction at North Korea zoo suffocates dozens of animals Seven Italian firms probed in olive oil scam  including Bertolli, Sasso and Carapelli, are being investigated over allegations that the firms falsely sold olive oil products as extra virgin Christians and Muslims fight to protect ancient Christian town against ISIS Russia's nuclear torpedo plan to bypass Nato missile shield revealed after broadcaster forgets to blur out secret document Crickhowell Welsh town moves 'offshore' to avoid tax on local businesses, using the loopholes used by multinational giants to avoid paying UK tax Underwater Vertical Seaweed Farm Restores Our Oceans While Providing Food and Fuel Source Female Genital Mutilation mother and retired nurse guilty of mutilating two sisters in Australia's first prosecution David Cameron complains about constituency cuts caused by his own policies in leaked letter. Sweden to introduce temporary border controls New Research Shows Electric Cars 50 Percent Cleaner Compared to Gasoline Over Their Lifetime Montreal's Massive Dump (of Raw Sewage into St. Lawrence) Begins A small eel photographed by accident on a Caribbean coral reef is the first green fluorescent fish ever recorded, a new study says Johannesburg, South Africa's largest city and economic hub, on Monday imposed emergency water restrictions as supplies deteriorated due to a drought, the worst to ravage the country in three decades. Two relatives of the wife of President Nicols Maduro of Venezuela have been arrested on United States federal drug charges in Haiti and are expected to appear in court in Manhattan on Thursday, a person with knowledge of the case said on Wednesday night. India could push world into climate change danger zone, warn scientists According to the UN, over 50 million people could move from the desertified areas of subSaharan Africa towards North Africa and Europe by 2020. Video Shows Mexico Police Violently Attacking Teacher Students The European Union Will Now Explicitly Label Israeli Settlement Goods | EU today approved new guidelines for labelling products from Israeli settlements on occupied land, a move Brussels says is technical but Israel branded discriminatory and damaging to peace efforts with the Palestinians Brazil Seeks To Copy U.S. Gun Culture to allow embattled citizens the right to defend themselves from criminals US officials confirm Jihadi John is dead Homeopathy 'could be blacklisted'  Ministers are considering whether homeopathy should be put on a blacklist of treatments GPs in England are banned from prescribing, the BBC has learned. Dubai Is Giving Its Firefighters Jetpacks To Use During Skyscraper Fires Lost ancient island found in the Aegean A lost island where the ancient city of Kane was located has been found by geoarchaeologists in the Aegean province of zmirs Dikili district. The island was mentioned in ancient sources. At least four people were killed and 40 wounded in two suicide explosions in a busy area in Beirut's southern suburb, a stronghold of Lebanese Hezbollah, on Thursday, a medical official said. Ukraine Just Passed Protections For LGBT Employees Jihadi John of ISIS targeted in American drone strike; officials working to confirm whether or not the British militant who beheaded hostages is dead. UK NHS Considers Rule Banning Doctors From Prescribing Homeopathy Russians are to see a new banknote commemorating Moscow's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, in what could appear to be an act of defiance against world opinion. People Come to Sleep and Die in Hong Kongs 24Hour McDonalds Largestever darkmatter experiment poised to test popular theory Facebook says governments demanding more and more user data Peshmerga forces wrest Sinjar from ISIL, raise Kurdish flag in town Protesters carrying coffin of beheaded Hazara girl storm Afghan presidential palace Brazil dam burst at least 15 feared dead after disaster at BHPowned mine. 300k with no drinking water. G20 Countries Spend $452 Billion a Year Propping Up Fossil Fuel Companies Russia's economy keeps getting smaller 200,000 Refugees Enter Slovenia As Authorities Warn Of Humanitarian Crisis EU council president Donald Tusk says the EUs open border system could be about to collapse Hundreds of workers at a Hong Kongowned toy factory in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen have been protesting since last week after the owner disappeared, leaving their wages unpaid. Indonesia's national narcotics chief wants to build an island prison for death row inmates surrounded by crocodiles, tigers and piranhas Myanmar's army is backing militias that make a fortune off of meth  Myanmar is now soaking up international praise for holding elections that could end decades of tyranny. All the while, its government is quietly fueling the meth trade. Jailed Saudi blogger's wife says he's not well Scientists say Greenland just opened up a major new floodgate of ice into the ocean 'Shootings' reported in central Paris Reports of shooting and casualties in central Paris Paris attacks were 'act of war by IS' Death tolls reach 158 in Paris. Poland says cannot accept migrants under EU quotas after Paris attacks China's Xi says willing to join France in combating terrorism Obama says U.S. stands ready to aid France after attack Man arrested in Germany linked to Paris attacks Magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of Japan, tsunami warnings issued France Closing Borders The Islamic State claimed responsibility on Saturday for the catastrophic attacks in the French capital, calling them the first of the storm and mocking France as a capital of prostitution and obscenity Muslims all over the world condemn terrorism, express solidarity with French Colombia to legalize commercial sale of medical marijuana Fury as Turkey axes raki festival amid alcohol crackdown Event celebrating national drink scrapped after complaints by Islamic groups, sparking outrage among secular Turks Iran's Rouhani brands Paris attacks 'crimes against humanity' 'Five dead' as French trail derails Day of mourning in Lebanon after deadly Beirut bombings | A national day of mourning was held Friday after two suicide bombers on motorcycles killed at least 43 people and wounded more than 200 others in a predominantly Shia area of southern Beirut. People are queuing in the streets of Paris to give blood after deadly attacks Gatwick Airport North Terminal evacuated after security alert Colombia to legalize commercial sale of medical marijuana Victims of slavery on salt farms in South Korea claim police and official negligence prolonged their ordeal. Paris changes everything on refugees Bavaria French President Hollande declares state of emergency for all of France, closes borders, says several dozen killed Frustrated European officials alerted the US to Volkswagen's emissions cheating scam after the European Commission failed to act on the intel for years, German media reported on Friday. German Chancellor Angela Merkel was on the defensive Friday saying she would stick to her openarms policy approach, Reuters reported. Merkel vowed to fight for her vision of how to deal with the refugee crisis as resources are stretched thin and a Europewide solution is still being debated Josh Homme's band Eagles of Death Metal escape off stage before 100 killed in Paris concert hall. U.S. Kills Leader of ISIS in Libya Syrian passports found at Paris attacks scene fakes made in Turkey ISIS We'll hit Russia 'very soon' The Turkish government has officially blocked access to Reddit. Users first reported last night that they were unable to access the social media site, and as of Saturday the ban still appears to be in effect. It's not clear how long the block will remain in effect. Eagles of Death Metal Merch Manager Nick Alexander Killed in Paris Attack Paris Attacker With Explosive Vest Was Blocked From Entering Paris Soccer Stadium The German National Team Slept In The Stade de France Stadium Last Night After The Paris Attacks  France players also slept in the stadium as a gesture of camaraderie Mass grave of Yazidi women killed by 'IS' found in Iraq Iraqi Kurdish forces have discovered a mass grave containing the bodies of women who were executed by the 'Islamic State' (IS). The UN has described the brutal campaign against the Yazidi minority as a possible genocide Several Kalashnikovs have been found in an abandoned car believed to have been used by some of the Paris attackers Hezbollah Leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah condemns the Paris and Beirut attacks on innocent civilians, vows severe retaliation against ISIS Suspected ISIS Terrorist Blows Himself Up in Turkey, 4 Cops Injured Reports A father's splitsecond heroism saved countless lives in another terror attack, in Beirut Schools' religious assemblies 'should be scrapped' Muslim security guard prevented bomber from entering Stade de France saving thousands of lives Lebanon arrests five Syrians, one Palestinian suspect in Beirut bombings security source Official says 7 people detained in Belgium are linked to Paris attacks South Korea police clash with 70,000 protesters at antigovernment Seoul rally 250 ISIS militants killed and headquarters destroyed in Albu Hayat of Iraq Iran president says Paris attacks are crimes against humanity Police Arrest Members Of Paris Attacker's Family Sikh Gurdwaras in Paris opened their doors for refuge the night of the Paris attacks Dutch PM Netherlands Is in State of War with IS [Paris attacks] Bataclan survivor Isobel Bowdery has written down her account of Friday night's massacre. She pretended to be dead for over an hour to not get shot. Paris attacks severed finger found at Bataclan theatre identifies attacker | Omar Ismal Mostefai has been named in France as one of the attackers with a number of others now being identified through documents Islamist militants behead Tunisian 16yearold shepherd accused of spying for the army and send his head to his family France Drops 20 Bombs On IS Stronghold Raqqa French Interior Minister We will start the dissolution of mosques where hate is preached. French police are using new powers under the state of emergency to question people in the radical jihadist movement. Over 150 searches executed, multiple arrests, and a rocket launcher discovered. Putin ISIS financed from 40 countries, including G20 members Samesex marriage is now legal in Republic of Ireland ISIS executes 73 of its own militants for fleeing battle Anonymous declares war on ISIS G20 Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin agree to Syrianled transition France is at war after Friday's attacks on Paris, President Francois Hollande tells the national assembly. Sikh man wrongly depicted as Paris attacker, faces online fury Syrian Refugee Puts Paris Attacks Into Perspective In One Simple Sentence  Whats happening to them is happening every day in Syria, 100 times per day for five years, so we know what that means, he said. The world's largest nuclear fusion reactor is about to switch on Bataclan attackers corralled wheelchair spectators on the first floor balcony and shot them each individually Have you seen this man? Police hunt Salah Abdeslam, suspected to have taken part in the Paris terror attacks. Turkish ban on Reddit has been lifted Obama rules out putting U.S. troops on the ground to fight Islamic State Canadian mosque deliberately set on fire last night according to police U.S. warplanes strike hundreds of ISIS oil trucks in Syria Polish minister says Syrians can return to fight and 'liberate' homeland Egyptian pyramids illuminated with the colors of the Russian and French flags, in a show of solidarity with Moscow and Paris Islamic State vows to 'strike America at its center in Washington' in new video Troops find bodies of 78 elderly women in Islamic State mass grave 6 days before the Paris attacks  ISIS commanders evacuated headquarters in Raqqa. Turkey says notified France twice about Paris attacker senior official Japan's economy falls back into recession again The Dalai Lama on terrorist attacks We cannot solve this problem only through prayers. ... I believe in praying. But humans have created this problem, and now we are asking God to solve it. It is illogical. So let us work for peace ... and not expect help from God, Buddha or the governments. Justin Trudeau has officially ordered Canada's Justice Minister to start the weed legalization process Anonymous identified 900 ISISrelated Twitter accounts and now they've been suspended Video showing 'London Muslims celebrating terror attacks' is fake. The footage actually shows British Pakistanis celebrating a cricket victory in 2009. World leaders have taken to calling ISIS Daesh, a word the Islamic State hates. Russia's security chief says a terror act brought down Russian plane in Egypt killing all 224 people on board Anonymous takes down 5,500 ISIS Twitter accounts Three syrians arrested in St. Marteen airport with false greek passports Russia launches cruise missiles at ISIS targets in Syria All of the attackers from Fridays massacre in Paris so far have been identified as European Union nationals, according to a top EU official. The announcement further casts doubt on the validity of a Syrian passport found near the bodies of a slain attacker. Russian Warplanes Destroy 140 Terrorist Targets in Syria Charlie Hebdos postParis cover 'Fuck their weapons, we have Champagne' President Hollande calls for laws that give authorities the ability to strip French born terrorists of their citizenship After ISIS Paris Attack, Saudi Arabia's King Salman Donates $110M For International AntiTerrorism Center Hollande calls for U.S. and Russia to join France and fight this terrorist army in a single coalition Pregnant Woman Dangling From A Paris Window During Attacks Is Safe Russia offers $50 million reward for help detaining Egypt plane bombers TASS Assad is Not the Enemy of France, ISIS is  Hollande German police arrest two women, one man in operation linked to Paris attacks US approves $1.29 bn sale of bombs to Saudi Arabia Five rescued in Tanzania after 41 days trapped in gold mine Spain Issues Arrest Warrants for Netanyahu and Senior Israeli Officials Syrian refugees should be trained into an army to fight Isis, Poland's foreign minister says Stocks of the leading weapons manufacturers have soared following Paris Attacks Antimigrant mood deepens in Central Europe after Paris Reports of gun fire, possible explosions near SaintDenis area of Paris, France France Rejects Fear, Renews Commitment To Take In 30,000 Syrian Refugees Paris attacks Mother died using her body to shield her fiveyearold son from bullets Despite Paris attacks, Hollande says erecting walls and fences would be the end of Europe. Indian Government starts offering up to 90% discount on cancer drugs and reduces costs of cardiac implants by 50 to 60 percent. Russia hits 206 ISIS targets in Syria after confirming bomb downed passenger plane over Sinai French Police Kill Three, Arrest Three in SaintDenis Raid Obama presses Canada for quick TPP approval Anonymous is crowdsourcing #OpParis, publishes noob guide to hacking A British couple was found guilty Tuesday of keeping a Nigerian immigrant enslaved for more than two decades, forcing him to work for no pay and threatening him with deportation if he tried to escape, prosecutors said. Montreal police arrest man in mask who vowed to kill Muslims in Quebec No explosives found and no arrests made in Hannover, Germany Turkey detains 8 Europebound IS suspects 'posing as refugees' Sweden raises terror threat level to second highest citing 'concrete information' Britain wants to close all of its coalfired power plants by 2025 and lower their output from 2023, the government said on Wednesday, making it the first major economy to put a date on shutting down polluting coal plants to curb carbon emissions. About 24,000 Colombians filed a class action lawsuit against government agencies after a study revealed the residents in the outskirts of Medelln have been drinking water contaminated with feces for more than 20 years. ISIS says it smuggled bomb onto Russian plane after finding security loophole  shows photo of improvised Russian plane bomb. Nigerian Soldiers Arrest Boko Haram Kingpin and Destroy IED Factory Paris Plans Defiant Night of Food, Drink and Cafe Life in Wake of Attacks All 129 victims of the Paris attacks have been identified, a French government spokesman says Japanese whalers fined $1 million by Australian court Man in Joker Mask Vows to Kill 'One Arab a Week' Across Quebec Boko Haram overtakes Isis as world's deadliest terror organisation Putin Says France Now Ally in Syria as Russia Steps Up Strikes India's Largest Muslim Organisation To Lead Protests Across The Country Against ISIS Paris attacks ringleader dead  French officials 355 ISIS targets in Syria destroyed by Russian air force in last 48 hours Putin Puts $50 Million Bounty on Heads of Metrojet Bombers Syrian man kills judge at ISIS Sharia Court for beheading his brother Paris attacks The eight terror suspects named so far are not refugees and all have EU passports Jeremy Corbyn calls for economic sanctions against banks and countries funding Isis The Labour leader has previously said the UK should be asking questions about Saudi Arabia's involvement China vows justice after ISIS executes national Three people stabbed in south Tel Aviv in suspected terror attack British Muslims take out a full page advert in the British press to condemn isil The potsmoking Paris suicide bomber Exwife reveals lood brother' terrorist was a jobless layabout who spent his time taking drugs and sleeping... and never went to the mosque White House vows to veto any bill limiting the amounts of Syrian refugees into the US ISIS Calls Anonymous Idiots as Cyber War Heats Up Honduras detains 5 Syrians heading for U.S. with stolen Greek passportspolice Man 'shot through window by stray bullet' in Paris attacks found dead in flat Obama's drone war a 'recruitment tool' for Isis, say US air force whistleblowers  Four former service members  including three sensor operators  issue plea to rethink current airstrike strategy that has fueled feelings of hatred toward US Nigeria's Boko Haram kills 49 in suicide bombings Bosnia Gunman kills two soldiers and blows himself up in Sarajevo 'terror' attack Beijing vows justice after Islamic State executes Chinese captive Swedish PM Stefan Lfvn in live press conference Sweden has been naive a long time about possible terror threats, he reveals that up until 2015 there was practically nothing on the table in terms of counterterrorism measures in Sweden A 1,111 carat high quality diamond has been discovered at a mine in Botswana, said to be the biggest find in more than a century The fearless father who threw himself on a suicide bomber, saving hundreds of lives in Beirut North Korea executes 3 women for recording South Korean TV drama Former Mexican president says country will legalise all drugs within a decade Alarming ''superbug'' gene discovered in China. Highly resistant to antibiotics with a chance of becoming an epidemic. US Offers $5M Reward for IS Leader Fighters in Syria are on steady doses of an amphetamine called Captagon. This allows them stay up for days, killing with a numb, reckless abandon. Side effects include psychosis and brain damage Shots fired at Radisson Hotel in Bamako, Mali (French) British police still shun guns despite Paris attacks We are an unarmed force  were proud of that US Approves $1.29 Billion Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia Czech Republic to deliver 10 million rounds of ammunition and 5,000 grenades to Peshmerga forces fighting ISIS Gunfire, explosions, hostage situation as jihadists attack luxury Radisson hotel in Mali  reports Saudi court sentences Palestinian poet to death for apostasy U.S. criticizes Israel's punishment of 6 weeks community service for policeman filmed beating PalestinianAmerican teen. US says says evidence of excessive force is 'clear' and the sentence doesn't promote accountability Ukrainian President supports replacing Russian with English on all passports A leaked Malaysian police report alleges there could be at least ten ISIS suicide bombers in Kuala Lumpur, where leaders from 18 countries, including the US, Russia, Japan and China, are set to gather this weekend for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit 28 terrorists killed in Chinas Xinjiang province King Abdullah of Jordan We Are Facing A Third World War Bataclan concert hall will reopen despite Paris attacks Now that TPP agreement has been reached  theres plenty of time for public debate Obama responding to a question from a Malaysian youth who said the TPP was elitist and excluded most voices By extending state of emergency, France can now block websites China Has a $1.2 Trillion Ponzi Finance Problem Boko Haram, responsible for the Nigeria explosion this week and kidnapping 300 girls last year, is the now world's most dangerous terrorist group  not ISIS (Daesh) World powers are poised to forge a single resolution at the United Nations Security Council to declare a common war against Isis and eradicate jihadists in Iraq and Syria On the run from Isis Jihadists targeting Paris attacker Salah Abdeslam for chickening out of killings U.S. Releases Convicted Israeli Spy Jonathan Pollard After 30Year Prison Term The Islamic State group is aggressively pursuing development of chemical weapons, setting up a branch dedicated to research and experiments with the help of scientists from Iraq, Syria and elsewhere in the region, according to Iraqi and U.S. intelligence officials. Loud explosion after security alert, evacuation at London tube station (France) Army recruitment inquiries triple since attacks Swedish Jews close synagogues after terror threat raised A new study shows that the most widely used insecticides in the worldneonicotinoidsturn bumblebees into more bumbling pollinators, leading to lower yields for apples and perhaps other plants that they visit. Saudi Arabia Sentences Poet to Death for Atheism Anonymous said Saturday it has uncovered information about Islamic State group attacks in Paris as well as on locations in the U.S., Indonesia, Italy and Lebanon, all apparently set for Sunday Belgium raised its terror alert level to the highest level in the capital Brussels on Saturday, warning of an imminent threat Anonymous takes down the main messaging forum used by ISIS Cable and satellite providers in Canada must provide a $25 basic cable package or channel pickandpay system by March 1, 2016 Russians inscribe 'For Paris' on bombs destined for Syria Paris attacks Terrorist arsenal found in Brussels suburb US urged to reject bomb sales to Saudi Arabia War on Isis UN in rare unanimous vote calls on world to unite against jihadist group Pakistanis views on ISIS showcase worrying trend 62% of the individuals revealed that they did not hold a definite opinion about ISIS while 9% even showed support for the group. Russian cruise missiles hit ISIS from Mediterranean & Caspian; 600 killed in one strike No problem. I will talk to my boss B.C. man learns he will be next king of Ghana tribe Putin Blasts Syria With New Stealth Missileand Shows the World He Can Strike From 1,700 Miles Away SpaceX gets mission to take NASA crew to space station Turkey seizes 11 million pills of 'Syria war drug' reports Turkey seized 11 million pills of a stimulant that's helping to fuel the Syrian civil war Nurse thought Paris attack was gas explosion, started giving CPR, then discovered injured man was suicide bomber, his bomb not fully exploded. Syria secretly sentenced free software developer Bassel Khartabil to death. Japan Considers Sending Navy to Aid U.S. in South China Sea Egypt's top Muslim cleric issued an impassioned appeal Saturday to disassociate Islam from extremist attacks, saying Muslims themselves had suffered most from the catastrophe of terrorism. 'Nearly impossible' to find jihadists among migrants, Greeks warn UN Approves Resolution Urging Action Against Islamic State Mali hotel attack 'No more hostages' after special forces raid British rescue 347 French near Falklands Islands after cruise ship catches fire and loses power. Canadian City Becomes The First In The World To Implement Climate Change Warning Stickers At Gas Stations North Vancouver, BC passed a law that mandates climate change warning stickers be applied to gas pumps China declares war on ISIS after terrorists 'execute Chinese hostage' Paris city police commissioner arrived at Bataclan before special forces. Ran in alone, took out one of the gunmen. state of emergency as Crimea loses electricity. Pope Says Christmas Will Be A Charade Because Whole World Is At War Thanks to Russian strikes, our troops advancing on nearly every front, Syrian President Bashar alAssad says The French military has seen a surge in applications after the Paris attacks Putin never said To forgive them is up to God, but to send them to him is up to me US rock group Pearl Jam donated proceeds from a concert in Brazil to victims of a toxic mining spill that killed 12 people and was the country's worst environmental disaster Around 100 ISIS militants killed by Syrian army on Saturday A volcanic island which was formed in 2013 has grown to 12 times its size, according to Japan Coast Guard officials. New aerial film footage of the remote Nishinoshima shows eruptions are still taking place from a crater in the islands center, and continuous lava flows. Japan is running out of people to take care of the elderly, so it's making robots instead.To address the issue, Japanese companies are leading in the development of Carebots. Vladimir Putins massive, tripledecker war room revealed 2 Deaths Reported After Missiles Hit Doctors Without Borders Hospital In Syria U.S. vets return to Iraq to fight ISIS A tiny Swiss bank specialised in financing social and environmental projects will on January 1 go where no retail lender has gone before, applying negative interest rates on individual clients. Suicide Attack in Cameroon Kills 10 The ISIS bombs hidden inside dolls and toys to kill CHILDREN Iraqi military reveal IEDs placed in toys by Islamists Iranian court sentences Washington Post reporter Rezaian to prison. Authorities missed many 'red flagsefore Paris shootings Merkel berated over refugee policy by key ally, who says Germany must end welcome culture for refugees  Independent.ie Liberia monitors over 150 Ebola contacts as virus reemerges Russia kills 10 militants who had sworn allegiance to ISIS U.S. and Chinese troops connect in firstever exchange at JBLM. first time Chinese troops have been invited to train in the continental United States 'Not in my name'  Italy's Muslims rally against terrorism Entire northern border of Syria to be shut off by US/Turkish force. 75 percent of it has now been shut off. And we are entering an operation with the Turks to shut off the other remaining 98 km (61 miles) Russia Bans Scientology Australia passes law banning antivax parents from childcare benefits Russian sailor drinks half a litre of rum before crashing 7,000ton ship at full speed into Scotland Only 3 northern white rhinos left on Earth Third Paris stadium suicide bomber identified as refugee who came via Greece New hacker group (Ghost Security Group) 'Spying' on Islamic State instead of hacking them. Calling Anonymous tactics 'unsophisticated' Canada's Syrian refugee plan limited to women, children and families Plot to 'explode three bombs in German football stadium' foiled after game cancelled at last minute | The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said 'Security officials took a responsible decision' Paris attacks Fugitive Salah Abdeslam frequented gay bar in Belgium Cult's potentially lethal bleach 'cure' for Autism spreads to Britain. Parents giving children sodium chlorite and hydrochloric acid on the advice of Genesis II Church of Health and Healing An exCIA director claims Snowden should face the death penalty because he has French blood on his hands. Some experts cast doubt on that claim, with one saying the Paris attacks are being used as a good crisis by those in power Chinese police use a flamethrower on 'Muslim terror suspects' People in Belgium are flooding the hashtag #Brusselslockdown on twitter with cat pictures after the police officially asked them not to communicate on social media about their whereabouts. More than 1,200 Europeans who flew out to join Islamic extremists have returned home Iraq 300 ISIS Militants Surrender to Peshmerga Turkey has summoned Russias ambassador following intensive bombing of ethnic Turkish people in Syria | The Turkish foreign ministry warns that the Russian attacks could lead to serious consequences. Turkey has already warned the Kremlin that it will shoot down its warplanes. Five Finger Death Punch cancel show in Milan following reported terrorist threat. Russian thieves made off with a full boms worth of highly enriched uranium | GlobalPost Brussels alert 'stays at highest level' The election of a lesbian as president of the student body at Koreas superelite Seoul National University has made front page news, exposing the generation gap between Koreas increasingly liberal younger generation and older people still imbued in the nations conservative traditions. Belgian police arrest six terror suspects after raids across country Argentine opposition wins presidential election Israeli woman killed as more violence hits West Bank Report Russia Starts Ground Operations in Syria Russian strikes blamed for 400 Syrian civilian deaths Putin calls Turkey 'accomplices of terrorists' after Russian jet shot down Fighter jet goes down in flames near Syrian border Turkey's Haberturk TV footage Nestl admits slavery and coercion used in catching its seafood France's leading Muslim body called Tuesday for imams to require a permit to preach and for a new religious body to fight back against jihadist propaganda. The country's imams should be given a certificate  like a driving licence  that ensured they promoted a tolerant and open Islam. Reports of Russian helicopter downed during search for fighter jet pilot. Vladimir Putin warns of 'serious consequences' following Turkey shooting down Russian jet West should learn from Iraq and Libya, says Russian envoy Vladimir Morozov.We can remember Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. In both cases, it was said that if you remove the dictator, the country will prosper. The result as we can see is quite different, he said Russia to cut off natural gas to Ukraine Secret cell of British Muslim women encouraging others to join Islamic State exposed US issues worldwide travel alert Eating less meat only way to save planet, warns climate think tank We cannot avoid dangerous climate change unless consumption trends change. NATO calls 'extraordinary meeting' after Turkey downs Russian jet Young 'to be poorer than parents at every stage of life' Taiwanese beauty queen kicked out of Miss Earth pageant for refusing to change 'Taiwan ROC' sash to 'Chinese Taipei' New chemical attack fears as Paris health authority reports protective suits stolen from hospital Boy dies of Ebola in Liberia, first such fatality in months Government is ignoring ISIS recruitment in Ireland says top Muslim cleric More Mexicans leaving US than arriving Russia's Lavrov cancels scheduled visit to Turkey French police Explosive belt without detonator found in southern Paris suburb of Montrouge Putin Russia will not tolerate such crimes as attack against its Sukhoi24 plane Bomb explodes outside Greek business federation offices in Athens police Sweden set to tighten asylum rules for refugees Israel nuclear weapons arsenal includes 115 warheads, according to a new report by the Institute for Science and International Security, a Washington, DCbased think tank Norway to raise taxes to pay for refugees I gave the order myself  Turkish PM on downing Russian plane 'Severe blow' Al Qaeda suicide bomber takes out leadership of key ISIS brigade Depressed Elephant Has Been Living In A Concrete Cell For 61 Years Hackers knock out ISIS's Dark Net propaganda site BBC Downed plane pilot denies Turkey warning Iranian Authorities Overrule Husband, Allow Female Soccer Captain To Travel To World Cup Event All Russian tourist agencies stop selling Turkey trips, cancel charter flights Turkey downed Russian fighter jet to protect ISIS oil sales Putin Russian lawmakers submit bill to hold to account anyone who denies Armenian genocide RIA Syrian and Russian special forces have rescued the second pilot of a Russian warplane shot down by Turkey and he is now at a Russian air base in Syria Turkish military release radar image tracking Russian fighter jet over Turkish territory before attack. Radar shows Russian jet only over Turkey for 10 seconds. All Russian bombers in Syria will now be escorted by fighters. Russia bombards Syrian rebels near site of downed Russian jet Gambia bans female genital mutilation Greece Agrees With Russian Assessment of Turkey's 'Unfriendly' Actions No war with Turkey  Russia condemns planned provocation and expresses disappointment over Ankara prioritizing contact with NATO Syrian military source says rebels making heavy use of U.S.made antitank missiles paid for by Saudi Arabia and supplied via Turkey Flight data released by Russian Ministry of Defense shows that the Su24 never entered Turkey. Erdogan We didn't know warplane was Russian US says it cannot coordinate with Russia until they stop killing so many civilians and moderate rebels. Russia to stop air communication with Turkey Europe should take no more refugees, says French prime minister NATO backs Turkey over Russian aircraft Over 1/2 the world's primates on brink of extinction  International experts call for urgent action to protect mankind's closest living relatives. Highlight threat to lesserknown apes & monkeys from largescale habitat destruction & illegal wildlife trade Archeologists in Croatia announced their discovery of a 3,500yearold sunken town in Adriatic Sea near Zadar, a southern coastal city. Turkey's Erdogan says Russia should apologise after jet downing  CNN Turkish army releases audio of warnings to downed Russian plane Turkey won't apologize for downing Russian jet, Erdogan says. Russia holding up Turkish goods at border as relations sour  Reports of hundreds of trucks bringing Turkish goods stranded ISIS releases video claiming war on over 60 nations. Turkey moves 20 tanks to its border and sends 18 fighter jets on patrol as Russia crisis continues Iraqi forces cut last ISIS supply line into Ramadi by retaking bridge | News , Middle East The United Arab Emirates has secretly dispatched hundreds of Colombian mercenaries to Yemen to fight in that countrys raging conflict, adding a volatile new element in a complex proxy war that has drawn in the United States and Iran. Russia accuses Turkey of 'hypocrisy' after Erdogan admits airspace violation 'does not justify attack' Islamic State riles China by recognizing Taiwan in new propaganda video Canada's PM Trudeau refuses to point finger at Russia over tensions with Turkey Russian jets hits aid trucks in Syria India's poverty rate falls to 12.4%, electricity plays big role Venezuelan opposition politician shot dead Eagles of Death Metal will finish their Bataclan set in Paris TTIP talks EU alleged to have given ExxonMobil access to confidential papers  Documents and emails obtained by the Guardian reveal collusion between Brussels and industry over the fossil fuel push in free trade negotiations In the Italian countryside, not far from Pisa, a vast experiment is about to be switched on. If it's a success, one of Albert Einstein's greatest predictions will have been directly observed for the first time. If it fails, laws of physics might have to be reconsidered The Islamic State group (ISIS) is on its last breath in the city of Ramadi, where it is blowing up homes to punish young men who have fled and joined the Iraqi Army, an Iraqi officer and the government said. Brazilian police on Wednesday arrested the government's leader in the Senate for allegedly obstructing the investigation into a corruption scandal at stateowned oil company Petrobras Britain offers France use of airbase in Cyprus to support air war on ISIS in Syria Ukraine has banned all Russian planes from using its airspace and exports of Russian gas to Ukraine have been halted by statecontrolled giant Gazprom. A painful chapter in Quebecs history has concluded with the release of a detailed report on how corruption infiltrated every corner of the provinces multibilliondollar public construction industry and seeped from the biker gangs and the mafia into bureaucracy and politics. Turkish newspaper editor in court for 'espionage' after revealing weapon convoy to Syrian militants Russia fully suspended from world athletics after accepting an indefinite ban from the sport $750/pill pharma company reverses decision to lower drug price  Turing will offer hospitals and patients discounts, but high list price stands. Saudi Arabia just promised to sue anyone who compares their justice system to Isis CocaCola's chief scientist and heath officer leaves after being caught setting up a nonprofit which downplayed the role of sugary drinks in the obesity epidemic Swedish court 'We cannot ban Pirate Bay' After deliberating for almost a month on the closelywatched case, the District Court of Stockholm ruled that copyright holders could not make Swedish ISP Bredbandsbolaget block Pirate Bay. Two journalists arrested in Turkey for story on weapon loaded Turkish intelligence trucks bound for Syria Turing's $1 a pill Daraprim competitor sells well; Impris considers producing cheap versions of other price gouged drugs French ban on Muslim headscarves is upheld by human rights court after woman sacked for refusing to remove hers loses appeal Saudi Arabia is planning to execute more than 50 people in a single day Turkish fighter jets violate Greek national air space | News HSBC whistleblower jailed for five years over biggest leak in banking history Turkey violated Greek airspace more than 2,000 times last year Medical marijuana users get OK from Ontario government to vaporize anywhere Putin on working with U.SWhy did we give the Americans this information? Either they're not controlling their allies or they're leaking this info all over the place. 2,700 yrold sarcophagus of high priest of God Amun unearthed in Luxor Turkey's Erdogan warns Russia not to 'play with fire' Amazon Deforestation increases by 16% in 2015 26 Turkish businessmen taken into police custody in Russia Russia deploys advanced S400 airdefence missile system in Syria after Turkey downed one of its jets Artist says his death sentence results from a personal dispute, not atheism 800 BelgiumBound Shotguns Seized by Italian Police Official Russian jet incident planned, Turkish opposition member says US accused of covering up death of six children in Syria air strike [includes video] Russia raiding Turkish firms and sending imports back. Moscow also preventing Turkish tourists from entering Russia, businessmen say, in apparent response to downing of plane Russia Wipes Out Syrian rebels in area where its plane was brought down Germany arrrests man who may have sold guns to Paris attackers China said on Thursday that it planned to establish a military facility in Djibouti, a strategically important country on the Horn of Africa, which would apparently be the first permanent presence overseas for Chinas military and a sign of the growing reach of its navy. Exposed 'Full Range of Collusion' Between Big Oil and TTIP Trade Reps new documents reveal that EU trade officials gave U.S. oil giant ExxonMobil access to confidential negotiating strategies considered too sensitive to be released to the European public Putin Commercial scale oil smuggling into Turkey to become a priority target of Russia's antiISIS strikes Bill Gates will invest as much as $2 billion in new clean energy partnership with US and India Nestle landed in more trouble late on Friday after a Uttar Pradesh laboratory alleged that samples of its pasta were found to have lead beyond permissible limits. Pope Francis God must never be used to justify hatred and violence Researches are now 90% sure there is a previously undiscovered chamber hidden in King Tutankhamun's tomb UK could be prosecuted for war crimes over missiles sold to Saudi Arabia that were used to kill civilians in Yemen China is crushing the U.S. on renewable energy  According to new data, China's clean energy investment over the last year outpaced that of the U.S., the U.K., & France combined. Syrian Turkmen commander who 'killed' Russian pilot turns out to be Turkish ultranationalist France puts 24 climate activists under house arrest ahead of UN talks Vladimir Putin accused Turkey of allowing ISIS jihadists to run a living oil pipe across its border as he upped the ante in the row over the downing of a Russian jet. Austrian Foreign Minister openly criticized Saudi Arabia over its human rights record, citing inhuman punishment. Also urged Saudi Arabia to create more opportunities for the relocation of the Syrian refugees in the Middle East, saying the kingdom has not done enough A boobytrapped mass grave containing the bodies of at least 110 people from the minority Yazidi sect has been found in northern Iraq, officials say. Eighteen village councils in northern India are demanding a local CocaCola bottling plant be prohibited from extracting water from the ground, claiming its over usage has led to water scarcity in the area Prominent Lawyer Shot Dead in Turkey France accepts Russian replacement for police dog killed in Paris attack Belgian Physicists Calculate that Everyone Is Lying About the Downed Russian Jet. Using video of the incident and the maps provided by Turkish and Russian officials, they show in a post on a blog run by KU Leuven that what went down couldnt possibly have happened as both parties present it. Nearly 1,000 'security risks' denied entry to France since Paris attacks Cruelty of the Tokyo 'euthanasia centre' for stray dogs where animals suffer for fifteen minutes before they die from suffocation in canine 'gas chamber' Putin Says Israel and Russia Will Continue Sharing Intelligence on AntiTerrorism The president of Paraguay has fired the head of the country's indigenous affairs office after he apparently kicked an indigenous woman. Five days after saboteurs blew up power lines in southern Ukraine plunging Russianannexed Crimea into an energy crisis, all four damaged pylons are out of action and engineers say they need a political decision to restore supplies Martin Shkreli Breaks His Promise To Lower The Price Of HIV Drug More that 700 people were killed in jihadist attacks worldwide in three weeks Suicide bomber kills at least 21 people in attack on Shia Muslim procession in Nigeria's Kano state, officials say Two prominent journalists in Turkey face charges of espionage after publishing video that allegedly showed trucks, belonging to the state intelligence agency, carrying ammunition to Syrian militants Australia slams Japans decision to resume Antarctic whaling  Environment minister says Tokyo cannot unilaterally decide to ignore scientific advice & international court of justice ruling to hunt & kill 333 minke whales ISIS mocked with rubber ducks as internet fights terror with humour Ban On Tuna Labeled DolphinSafe Shows How TPP Will Crush Consumer Rights ... dolphinsafe labeling of tuna managed to reduce annual deaths of the mammals from over 100,000 to only 3,000 but the World Trade Organization just effectively nullified this critical program Putin orders sanctions against Turkey Turkish human rights lawyer shot dead during press conference. Mystery ghost fleet washes up in Japan Eleven ships containing 20 dead sailors are discovered off the coast... and nobody can explain why Russian air strike hits busy market in Idlib province Iran orchestra barred over women musicians A highprofile performance in Iran by the Tehran Symphony Orchestra was cancelled at the last minute because it was due to feature female musicians, its furious conductor said on Sunday. Turkey Arrests Generals for Stopping SyriaBound Trucks 'Filled With Arms' Thousands Protest Arrest of 2 Turkish Journalists on Spying Charges Brazil to sue miners BHP and Vale for $ 5.2 billion following bursting of dam Syria army says Turkey increases arms shipments to rebels Spain Approves 'Sun Tax,' Discriminates Against Solar PV Oman has scored zero in the global terrorism index, which reflects well on its safety and security against terrorist threats, according to the Global Terrorism Index 2015 released recently by the Economics and Peace Institute. Meanwhile, no Omani has joined ISIS, according to a monitoring group Migrants attack Macedonian police as construction of Greek border fence begins British war planes 'could be bombing Isis in Syria within 72 hours' Hrriyet columnist faces up to five years in prison for insulting President Erdoan Eyewitness No IS group in Aleppo, so who is Russia bombing? Turkeys President Erdogan says Putin has not returned his phone call Probe begins after Arabic graffiti found on four easyJet planes in France Hong Kong's 'pink' dolphins under threat from airport and Macau bridge Conservationists fear Hong Kongs unique dolphins are at risk of disappearing due to loss of habitat and pollution from two major construction projects. RussiaUkraine row over Crimea escalates as Moscow cuts coal to Kiev Kremlin says Putin 'fully mobilized' to tackle threat from Turkey Bill Gates to pledge $1 billion for 'clean energy' Air pollution reached hazardous levels in Beijing on Sunday, prompting the city to upgrade to the secondhighest alert for the first time in 13 months on the same day that the Chinese government said it has met pollutionreduction targets for the year China Is Building a Giant AnimalCloning Factory to Feed the Masses  While the rest of the world sorts out its feelings about the safety & ethics of cloning animals for food production, China is charging ahead & building the world's largest animal cloning factory, set to begin operations in 2016. Japan stuns world by announcing it will resume whaling in Antarctic Ocean despite ban Newspaper draws piggy bank to show ISIS funding, Muslim groups attack it as pig is unislamic Russia hits back at Turkey by changing Syria 'game'  Kurds get Russian help, talks about a union of secular forces. Kurdish fighters say US special forces have been fighting Isis for months Obama demands that Turkey close stretch of frontier with Syria Prince Ali vows to open the books if elected FIFA head. Salaries, finances, what have you, that should all be open. Why not? People want it to be open. Hamburg votes against hosting the 2024 Olympics in referendum Russian plane escorted from Israeli airspace without incident White House Releases Details of Bill Gates's Climate Research Plan El Salvador's antiabortion law makes criminals of mothers who miscarry Blair and Bush went to war in Iraq despite the assurances of South Africa that Saddam did not possess WMDs French police fire teargas to disperse climate protest Negative interest rates in Switzerland have started a bizarre debate among economists over whether cash should be abolished Lakes are forming on top of Mount Everests glaciers Migrant crisis Turkey to get 3 billion and possible EU membership as part of migrant deal Russian football clubs banned from signing Turkish players Iraqis find 3 more mass graves in formerly ISISheld Sinjar 50,000 people without drinking water after reported Russian airstrike Declaring 'new beginning,' EU and Turkey seal migrant deal  Turks to benefit from visafree travel to Europe's Schengen zone within a year if Turkey meets conditions on tightening its borders and reduces departures to Europe. Refugees with infectious diseases will not be denied entry into Canada Health minister Christmas is cancelled Italians outraged over school decision to ban festivities Corporate tax cuts contributed to slower economic growth, Canadian study finds Merkel faces call to resign amid migrant crisis criticism Amnesty International says Qatar has done almost nothing effective to end chronic labour exploitation since it was chosen five years ago to host the football World Cup in 2022. #SueMeSaudi Twitter users taunt Saudi Arabia Erdoan I will resign if any oil purchase from Daesh is proven Pope says fundamentalism is 'disease of all religions' Australia MP says 'tyranny of political correctness' stops debate on Islam and extremism Wales has become the first nation in the UK to introduce a revolutionary new system to increase organ donors adults will be regarded as having consented to organ donation unless they have opted out. North Korea violates UN resolution with submarine missile launch that failed to make it above water 11,571 Norwegians have registered for licences to kill 16 wolves, although the country may have only 30 in the wild Yemen crisis Sanaa resident describes Saudiled bombing as like eing at the centre of an earthquake' Putin makes 99yearold daughter of Tsarist general a Russian again Thai printer replaces International New York Times article with blank space instead of critical piece on stagnant Thai economy Schools shut in Beijing as air pollution reaches hazardous levels | CTV News World headed toward 'suicide' if no climate agreement pope The Chinese renminbi will join the dollar, euro, yen and pound as one of the worlds main reserve currencies The ocean is filling up with a mysterious life form and scientists don't know why Phytoplankton, microorganisms that float, as opposed to swim, are rapidly thriving in the North Atlantic, suggesting an environmental shift that defies previous scientific predictions. Dubai to make solar panels on rooftops compulsory by 2030 US Marine Found Guilty of Killing Transgender Filipino Top US Intelligence Chief Calls Iraq War A 'Huge Mistake' BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands Germany to join military action against Islamic State in Syria but won't participate in air strikes Global warming could suffocate life on Earth as oxygen levels fall, research shows Big Data Predicts Centuries Of Harm If Climate Warming Goes Unchecked ISIS is preparing a ackup' capital in case its major center in Syria falls Express Scripts Covers $1 Alternative to $750 Pill Daraprim The International Monetary Fund has officially designated the Chinese yuan a global reserve currency. Quebec Judge issues $1 fine for possessing 30 cannabis plants, calls marijuana laws obsolete Turkish doctor faces 2 years in jail for sharing meme that likens president Erdogan to Gollum in LOTR Cameroon army 'kills 100 Boko Haram fighters, frees 900 hostages' Zuckerberg, wife pledge to donate 99% of their Facebook shares, about $45 billion, to charity Russia says has proof Turkey main consumer of Islamic State oil France shuts three mosques on grounds of radicalization Four Arrested In Italy For Planning ISIS Attack On Pope Man held at Guantnamo for 13 years a case of mistaken identity, say officials Young people who question the Government or media may be extremists, officials tell parents Kim Jongun's Aunt (who lives in the US) will sue North Korean refugees for defamation in South Korean courts World's richest 10 per cent produce 50% of CO2 report David Cameron calls Jeremy Corbyn a 'terrorist sympathiser' for opposing Syria air strikes Researchers Exxon, Koch Family Have Powered the ClimateDenial Machine for Decades Istanbul metro blast and injuries reported German nuclear fusion reactor 'stellarator' cleared for first test on 10 December 2015 Turkey YouTube ban violated freedom of expression European court of human rights China clone factory claims it can replicate humans, is only holding off for fear of public reaction Bill Gates teams up with Mark Zuckerberg to create multi billion dollar fund for clean energy technologies Hitler's words to return to German bookshelves. For the first time since the Second World War, Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf will be printed in Germany in January No, Mark Zuckerberg is not giving 99% of his Facebook shares to charity  Times of India Russia building new military bases on islands claimed by Japan A major Indian city has been underwater for almost a month now Venezuela has bigger oil reserves than Saudi Arabia  yet there's no toilet paper in stores Beijing is shrouded in a cloud of smog 25 times the safe level of toxic particle PM 2.5 337 whales dead in Chile in one of history's biggest beachings