 Meditating Portuguese actor mistaken for terrorist on Paris plane. He was released after 6 hrs of questioning during which police watched videos of him on the Internet showing that he is a theater and television actor, and checked his profile on Wikipedia, which states that he is a Buddhist. North Korean scientist flees to Finland with gigabytes of data on inhumane experiments with biochemical weapons, will testify before European parliament later this month Blasphemy decriminalised in Iceland. A bill submitted by the Pirate Party in aftermath of Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris approved in Icelandic parliament today. Germany Police confiscate WW2 tank hidden in cellar Kurds intent on carving new state out of Iraq after ISIS fight whether the US likes it or not The House of Councilors in Japan passed a bill into law on Friday allowing companies to obtain patents on inventions by their employees  more than a decade after Nobel Prize winner Shuji Nakamura launched a lawsuit against his company over the invention of the blue lightemitting diode. 260,000 Austrians sign EU exit petition, forcing referendum debate in parliament Japans population fell 271,058 in 2014, the biggest drop on record and the sixth straight year of decline, to 126.16 million, according to the internal affairs ministry census released July 1 also showed that 25.90 percent of the population were 65 years old or older. Talk show host, guest to be tried for insulting Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah Russian Progress rocket takes off to resupply ISS  CNN.com Doctors Without Borders temporarily closes Afghan hospital after special forces raid German WindtoHydrogen Plant Takes CarFuel Battle to Tesla Greece debt crisis IMF calls for 20year grace period before debt repayments FIFA President Sepp Blatter says anyone who calls him corrupt should be sent to jail. IS says it destroyed archaeological pieces from Palmyra India is now a $2trillion economy World Bank report Thai navy approves US$1.1b plan to buy submarines from China Rainbow flag on West Bank barrier touches nerve for Palestinians Shaken by executions, North Korean officials are using overseas posts as points of defection Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak had close to US$700 million (448.55 million pounds) in deposits from troubled state fund 1MDB wired into his personal account. Rocket from Sinai explodes in southern Israel  Israeli officials believe launch came from Egyptian peninsula China's tycoons lose $45 billion as stock market tumbles Namibian Government 'strongly considering' Basic Income 30 Infected Lab Monkeys Freed from Facility in Puerto Rico In major crackdown, Palestinian forces arrest dozens of Hamas men in W. Bank Fifteen of the world's largest banks are under investigation on suspicion of rigging the Brazilian currency, antitrust watchdog Cade said on Thursday, the first such probe in one of the busiest foreign exchange markets globally. Leaked TPP paper shows US pushing drug company rights Arab tourist was arrested under the Terrorism Act and detained for three hours after filming himself on his mobile phone outside Brighton shopping centre Chinese stock market has lost 1.5 trillion in the last three weeks Papers from 1983 show diplomats knew of Iraq's chemical weapons before it was used against Iran but did not act because a British firm was involved in trade WikiLeaks Drops New Docs Detailing NSAs Hobby of Spying On Allies | The docs detail the systematic spying of the NSA on the economic institutions and officials of France and Germany; New intel discusses the NSA's and GCHQ's efforts towards bugging closeddoor meetings incl. bailout plans for Greece Panic wipes 2tn off Chinese shares Just Before Round of Negotiations on the Proposed 'Trade in Services Agreement' (TISA), Wikileaks Releases Updated Secret Documents New coal plants 'most urgent' threat to the planet, warns OECD head  Govts urged to rethink plans for new coalfired power plants as study estimates they'll release over 500bn tonnes of carbon dioxide by 2050 Mass arrests in The Hague as clashes over death in police custody continue Greek economy close to collapse as food and medicine run short. France charges soldier over Burkina child sex abuse World Health Organization recognises Cuba as first country to eliminate mothertobaby transmission of HIV Russian President Vladimir Putin called for dialogue based on equal treatment and mutual respect with the United States on Saturday in a congratulatory message to President Barack Obama marking U.S. Independence Day. Over Hundred ISIS militants killed in Aleppo in one day by Syrian Army Amnesty International Surveillance exploding in Europe This dome in the Pacific houses tons of radioactive waste  and its leaking Iceland's Pirate Party Wins Repeal Of Blasphemy Law Wikileaks founder Julian Assange rejects claims that he sought political asylum in France The month of June saw 677 murders in El Salvador, more than in any other single month since the end of the country's civil war Wikileaks Reveals Secret Texts from TiSA Trade Deal | Wikileaks has released the secret April 2015 draft core text of the Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA) Signs of Water Ice Detected on Comet Surface  The Rosetta spacecraft, currently orbiting Comet 67P/ChuryumovGerasimenko, has spotted 120 bright, reflective spots on the surface of the comet, for which water ice is a plausible explanation Another polio case confirmed in Balochistan Glasgow says 'Oxi' Hundreds demonstrate in solidarity with Greek 'No' vote ISIL vows to demolish the pyramids and the sphinx amid wave of attacks on Egyptian forces Mongolian shipwreck from Kublai Khan's 13th century invasion of Japan discovered by archaeologists Number of young homeless people in Britain is 'more than three times the official figures' New leftist mayor of Madrid plans to rename plaza currently dedicated to Margaret Thatcher after a Socialist gay rights activist, saying it is not appropriate for a square to be named after a woman who enslaved the workers NeoNazis try to hold rally in London, about five people turn up Adidas Has Created A Shoe Made Entirely From Ocean Trash Turkish nationalists protesting China's treatment of ethnic Uighur Muslims attacked a group of Korean tourists in the heart of Istanbul's old city on Saturday, mistaking them for Chinese nationals Brazil Officials Phones Monitored by US, WikiLeaks Says | The 29 phone numbers selected for intensive interception included those of Rousseff aides, members of finance ministry, diplomats and even the satellite phone on Rousseffs private jet, WikiLeaks said in a report titled Bugging Brazil NSA conducted surveillance against German newspaper SPIEGEL Satellite photos show China rapidly adding solar panels in Gobi desert German tech giant, Siemens, is attempting to circumvent Crimea sanctions. Millennials Overwhelmingly Favor 'No' Vote in Greek Referendum 71 percent of those between ages 18 to 24 support no, along with 59 percent of those aged 25 to 34 6 chapters of TPP pact still unresolved Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy pressured the countrys football federation to vote in favour of awarding the 2022 World Cup to Qatar, FIFA president Sepp Blatter said in an interview with a German newspaper Sunday. Video from Islamic State group shows mass execution of Syrian soldiers at ancient site of Palmyra Dutch intel bill proposes bulk interception powers for any form of telecom or data transfer, incl. domestic, plus required cooperation from providers of communication services London The Global Moneylaundering Centre For Drug Trade Russian gay couple gets asylum in Finland Hillary Clinton accuses China of hacking into everything that doesnt move in America In twisted revenge, Syrian rebels execute Islamic State fighters in orange jumpsuits The World Bank deleted a section of a report that slammed the Chinese government Protesters in Britain urge cancellation of Greece's debts on eve of referendum  Rallies held in Bristol, Edinburgh, Leeds, Liverpool and London in support of Greek people who are preparing to vote on whether to accept austerity package Greek Riot Police Use Stun Grenades on Protesters Ahead of Pivotal Bailout Vote | Police in Athens clashed with thousands of antiausterity protesters that gathered to support for the governments call to vote no in Sundays referendum ISIS attacks Egypt, threatening to destroy pyramids and sphinx Pakistan bans English for Islamic words Malaysia probe says it has found documents tied to alleged transfers to premier Official Greeks say NO to austerity measures An Australian Mafia boss allegedly paid $2.2 million in bribes to NSW judges to get lighter jail sentences, topsecret police intelligence reports reveal. Israeli Arab teachers arrested for joining ISIS, attempted to recruit children Australian Minister Gay Marriage Could Damage Our Cattle Exports 16yearold Amos Yee sentenced to 4 weeks jail for posting video in which he called late Singaporean PM Lee Kuan Yew a horrible person London is the worlds leading city for laundering drug money South African rail association orders $300m of trains that don't fit local railway lines The majority of children living in areas of Gaza hardesthit during last year's conflict are showing signs of severe emotional distress and trauma, including frequent bed wetting and nightmares, a global children's charity said on Monday. One of the world's biggest banks just admitted bitcoin could destroy existing finance firms Uber does not require a licence because its smartphone app does not accept calls, a Superior Court judge ruled. A Soviet double spy, who secretly defected to Britain 30 years ago this month, has revealed for the first time the details of his exfiltration by British intelligence in 1985. Oleg Gordievsky was one of the highest Soviet intelligence defectors to the West in the closing stages of the Cold War. Greek Finance Minister announces shock resignation. Iraqi warplane accidentally bombs Baghdad Nucleararmed rivals Pakistan and India will start the process of joining a security bloc led by China and Russia at a summit in Russia later this week, a senior Chinese diplomat said on Monday, the first time the grouping has expanded since it was set up in 2001. Greek crisis more than $30bn wiped off Australian stock market after no vote Philae comet could be home to alien life, say top scientists  Features of the comet, named 67P/ChuryumovGerasimenko, such as its organicrich black crust, are most likely explained by the presence of living organisms beneath an icy surface Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) will launch its heaviest ever commercial mission on July 10. ISRO will be launching five British satellites, which weigh nealry 1440 kg, from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre (SDSC) in Sriharikota. In Afghanistan, Canada and other donor countries may have paid for socalled ghost schools that don't even exist. China rolls out emergency measures to prevent stock market crash Hacking Team hit by breach; leak suggests it sold spyware to oppressive regimes 8.9 million get addicted to drugs every year in Pakistan German calls for Grexit mount as EU stunned by 'No' vote The city of Jos has been hit by two explosions believed to have been the work of Boko Haram. The attacks, which killed at least 44, followed an early suicide bombing at a church in another part of the country. North Korea has carried out 1,400 public executions since 2000, report claims The Turkish army has called a meeting of troop commanders stationed along its fortified border with Syria to discuss a possible intervention in Syria Report 45 ISIS fighters die after eating 'poisoned' iftar meal 'Hackers' give orders to German missile battery  Germanowned Patriot missiles stationed in Turkey were briefly taken over by hackers ISIS has cut off water supplies to the Mesopotamia Marshlands after capturing dams along the Euphrates River destroying wildlife and the livelihoods of the local people. Over two dozen people with ties to Indias $1billion exam scam have died mysteriously in recent months No alien life on Philae comet A sensational claim that ESAs Philae spacecraft has landed on a comet teeming with life doesnt hold water Peshmerga stop 600strong ISIS attack south of Kirkuk Hackers steal data from a company that...hacks people and sells hacking software to governments. Two women on trial in Morocco on charges of gross indecency for wearing skirts Cleric said to be behind Tunisian beach massacre is living on benefits in Britain 'Beach body ready' advert not offensive, rules watchdog A weightloss product advert featuring a bikiniclad model asking Are you beach body ready? was not offensive or irresponsible, the watchdog has ruled. Thousands March in Toronto, Urge Canada to Turn Away From a Fossil Fuel Economy Hundreds of members of the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community filed an unprecedented request Tuesday with the Japan Federation of Bar Associations (JFBA) in a bid to legalize samesex marriages, saying Japans failure to recognize the practice constitutes a violation of human rights. As many as 50 women have described harrowing tales of abuse they allegedly suffered while students at a Sydney girls' college, one claiming she was raped in the school's sandstone dungeon. Egyptians lambast 'ugly' new Nefertiti statue  Unveiling of an ugly copy of a famously beautiful bust of Queen Nefertiti causes Egyptians to mock authorities as well as current state of art in country. 48 hours to keep Greece in euro Koreas first ever equal marriage lawsuit has begun Greece will not be getting any more cash from the ECB Greece arrives at Eurogroup meeting with no new proposals or requests AUSTRALIA Fast food giant McDonald's has introduced new menu boards that make it harder to see and compare the calories in its products, disappointing health advocates and potentially breaching food labelling laws. Greeces growing political and economic problems have its small neighbor Macedonia sensing an opportunity to push hard for joining NATO, a move that has been stalled for years thanks to Athens opposition because of disputes over Macedonias name. Explosives stolen from French army base At least 14 killed in Kenya attack on a residential building. Russians Rally in Support of U.S. Teacher Sentenced for Sex With Teens Twentytwo years for a woman who helped three mature male students start their adult lives. A massive airstrike by the Saudiled coalition targeting rebels hit a local marketplace in Yemen, killing over 45 civilians on Monday, security officials and eyewitnesses said. Egypt killed 241 Sinai militants in five days, army says Teen Guilty Of Hacking PlayStation Network. A teenager who helped to ruin Christmas for millions of children by shutting down the PlayStation and Xbox networks has been convicted of 50,700 offences. New poll finds twothirds of Irish people want abortion decriminalised. Belgian town 'opts out' of EUUS trade treaty (TTIP) To make sure the people who live there are aware of the motion's defiant content, it sent out a press release titled St. Gilles  Zone outside the TTIP market!. Chile lawmakers approve marijuana decriminalisation bill Pope Duty to protect planet, calls for 'social justice' on resources. He appeared to be making a clear reference to climate change doubters when he said It is wrong to turn aside from what is happening all around us, as if certain situations did not exist or have nothing to do with our lives. China Bans Stock Sales by Major Shareholders for Six Months First female nominee fails to win seat on Afghan supreme court Conservatives attacked nomination of Anisa Rassouli, with one MP objecting on grounds that menstruating women were not allowed to touch Quran Turkeys national police force paid the controversial online security firm Hacking Team $600,000 to spy on its own citizenswhich scholars say is a likely illegal practice Astronomers have discovered a very rare system of five connected stars. The quintuplet consists of a pair of closely linked stars  binaries  one of which has a lone companion; it is the first known system of its kind. Nearly 25% of Chinese stocks have stopped trading Spain arrests woman for recruiting girls for Islamic State Shanghai stocks plunge, over 1,200 Chinese companies halt trading Palestinian ambassador endorses Protocols of the Elders of Zion, says the Jewish people don't exist Religion In China Grows Among Young People, Islam Most Popular Among Followers Under 30 Report London Shopping Mall, Westfield Shepherd's Bush evacuated after construction workers find 'unexploded Second World War Bom Sarkozy signs petition to protect empty churches from conversion to mosques TTIP | Open Courts Demanded for EUUS Trade Deal | European Parliment says a proposed EUUS free trade deal must not give big firms the power to sue governments in private, secretive courts Russia vetoes Bosnia genocide label Ottawa sidesteps questions from UN panel on human rights complaints in Canadian mining industry Hate discourse against LGBTI reflected on street. A group, naming themselves as Young Islamic Defense, hashanged posters in Ankara streets, wanting LGBTI massacred. Muslim Protestors in Nigeria burn 2 Churches after Mosque Bombing Japan is building solar energy plants on abandoned golf coursesand the idea is spreading Litany of atrocities in South Sudan as international community stands idle .Girls gang raped by soldiers then burned alive, boys castrated, armies of child fighters Spanish woman arrested for recruiting girls to Islamic State Anxious Greeks Buy Macs and PlayStations While They Still Can FIFA imposes lifetime ban on former member, informant, and whistle blower, Chuck Blazer Saudi comedian gets death threats and huge ratings for TV show that mocks ISIS Exxon knew of climate change in 1981, email says  but it funded deniers for 27 more years Pluto has a heart! NASA reveals most detailed photograph of the former planet Hit by drought and seawater, Bangkok tap water may run out in a month London's Underground system at standstill due to biggest strike in more than a decade Poorer than Greecethe EU countries that reject a new Athens bailout Surveillance company loses control of flagship spy program Hacking Team  We believe this is an extremely dangerous situation Microsoft hangs up on Nokia business, to cut 7,800 jobs Irans Revolutionary Guards Destruction of Israel is Islamic Worlds Top Priority Malaysian government pulls phoenix from MH370 search. Currently 50,000km2 of seafloor has been searched of the proposed 120,000km2. Pakistan warns India, says can use nuclear weapons if needed Russia unveils straight pride flag More than four million Syrians have now fled war and persecution ISIS Leaders Reported Killed in Drone Strike in Afghanistan Former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has been found guilty of bribing a senator in 2006 in an attempt to bring down the then centreleft government. Hamas has been holding an Israeli citizen captive, against his will, in Gaza for nearly a year The Rapid Action Battalion  described by Human Rights Watch as a death squad that has perpetrated systematic abuses over more than a decade  wanted to see a practical demonstration of Hacking Teams surveillance equipment Duma Approves Construction of $4 Billion Kerch Bridge to Crimea Ukraine Banks Seek Compensation From Russia for Crimean Losses Declassified UK documents reveal Greece planned Cyprus invasion in 1983. The concerns were great enough for the foreign secretary of the time, Geoffrey Howe, to instruct British diplomatic missions to lobby six Muslimmajority countries against recognizing the new state. France says 'No' to Greek euro exit, Prime Minister Valls The forgotten war on Yemen has left 80% of the population without basic survival needs like food and water A titanic row between Samsung and a hedge fund run by an American Jew sparks antiJewish assault in South Korean media Ancient Ritual Bath Found Under Unsuspecting Family's Floorboards Pirate Bay Founders Acquitted in Criminal Copyright Case BMW has just put the first 100% all electric 18 wheeler out on the road in Germany Pope Francis warns against new forms of colonialism Human beings and nature must not be at the service of money. Let us say no to an economy of exclusion and inequality, where money rules, rather than service. That economy kills. That economy excludes. That economy destroys Mother Earth. 71% of the world's population lives on less than $10 a day Pope begs forgiveness for sins and 'offences' of church against indigenous of America UK to ban WhatsApp under 'snoopers charter' law. Pope accuses world leaders of 'cowardice' Wind power generates 140% of Denmark's electricity demand Bodies of WWII US Marines recovered in Pacific. Its too late to stop the seas rising at least 5 metres and only fast, drastic action will avert a 20metre rise Cant stop an adult from watching porn in his room Supreme Court of India BBC documentary translates Gaza children saying 'Jews' as saying 'Israelis' Ethiopia has been voted the worlds best tourism destination for 2015, for its excellent preservation of humanity landmarks such as the ruins of the city of Aksum, and Fasil Ghebbi, which served as the residence of the Ethiopian emperors during the 16th and 17th century. UK urges Britons to leave Tunisia as further terrorist attack is highly likely  BBC News Fossil fuel companies have been lying about climate change for more than 30 years.The fossil fuel industry has waged a campaign to obfuscate and mislead the public on the science surrounding climate change Chanting 'Death to Israel,' millions march in Iran on alQuds Day Greek Plan Accepts Austerity to Get Debt Relief Even if world manages to limit global warming to 2C  the target number for current climate negotiations  sea levels may still rise at least 6 meters (20 feet) above their current heights, radically reshaping the worlds coastline and affecting millions in the process. First Sighting of Drachma in the Wild, Via CreditCard Mystery Australian law enforcement and intelligence services have been in secret talks with an Italianbased surveillance company notorious for helping repressive states like Sudan spy on their own citizens, according to leaked emails published by Wikileaks. Exclusive Japan interested in joining NATO missile consortium Two heads are better than one, and three monkey brains can control an avatar better than any single monkey. For the first time, a team has networked the brains of multiple animals to form a living computer that can perform tasks and solve problems. Ukraine offers huge state firms to foreign investors 7.0 Earthquake strikes offshore of the Solomon Islands Pope calls for new economic order, criticizes capitalism More than 865,000 evacuated as super typhoon approaches China Researchers confirm The Largest Pyramid in Mexico has been found  according to initial measurements, is larger than the Great Pyramid of the Sun in Teotihuacan  we can confirm that this pyramid exceeds in height the pyramid of the Sun at Teotihuacan which measures 65 meters Vatican Sex Abuse Trial Halted ExArchbishop falls ill hours before he was due to appear in Vatican Court. Accused of paying for sex with children in the Dominican Republic from 20082013. US torture doctors could face charges after report alleges post9/11 'collusion' Earth heading for 'mini ice age' within 15 years Pope attacks capitalism as 'dung of the devil' in speech Former ExxonMobil Scientist Says the Company Has Long Known of Its Climate Change Impacts High Heat Measured under Antarctica Could Support Substantial Life  Nearly a kilometer below the ice scientists have found a Yellowstonelike geothermal glow that could create liferich subglacial lakesand lubricate Antarctic ice loss Cairo blast hits Italian consulate Uighurs from China's Xinjiang are being given Turkish identity papers in Southeast Asia by Turkish diplomats and then taken to Turkey where some are sold to fight for groups like Islamic State as cannon fodder, a senior Chinese official said. More than 11,000 cases of socalled honor crime were recorded by UK police forces from 201014 The crimes are usually aimed at women, and can include abductions, beatings and even murders. Second Tunisia terror attack foiled Five ISIS extremists are shot dead in Islamic stronghold as thousands of British tourists are evacuated Serbian PM Vucic attacked by mob during Srebrenica anniversary U.K. Loses A CitySized Area Of Green Space In Six Years Vietnamese protests over land grabs in Hai Duong Province crushed by bulldozer. Boko Haram attacks northern Nigeria town military sources World Poverty Drops, With China Leading the Way Pew Research Center data shows a decrease in global poverty. China largely drove the rise of the global middle class, increasing its share of middle class by 15 percent or by 203 million people Report Indonesian pilots may have been radicalized by ISIS Africa Takes First Step Toward $2 Trillion FreeTrade Bloc Tracking chips will be installed on the feet of 1,600 terror suspects in Pakistan to monitor their movements. Nearly two months after Liberia was declared Ebolafree, five new cases have raised questions about the programme to eradicate the disease. Syrians Race to Save Ancient City's Treasures from ISIS Designation of Tunisia as a Major NonNATO Ally Russia working to relaunch production of Tu160 supersonic nuclear bombers Greek MPs back bailout reform plan Mexican top drug lord Chapo Guzman escapes from maximum security prison for 2nd time Tony Abbott has been warned he is putting international investment at risk after ordering the $10 billion Clean Energy Finance Corporation not to finance new wind power. Thursday Denmark managed to produce 140 % of its electricity needs through wind power. Abbott government extends renewable energy investment ban to solar power  Clean Energy Finance Corporation banned from investing in smallscale solar projects in move industry claims is revenge politics that will strangle the sector Man disguised as woman wearing burqa kills 15 in Chad capital bomb attack U.S. may cut Canada out of TPP USled warplanes are pummeling the de facto ISIS capital like never before Doctors call for repeal of laws preventing them from speaking out about detention centres (Australia) Japan is converting an abandoned golf course into Kyoto's largest solar power plant Pope Francis demands end to Christian 'genocide' in Middle East Foreign students will be banned from working and forced to leave the UK when their course ends Dozens of Russian troops 'flee unit, fearing Ukraine deployment' Eurozone leaders refuse to continue talks with Greece unless wave of reforms are passed this week, with second wave of reforms soon after Kosovo shuts off capital's water supply after alleged ISIS poison plot 2,000 Moldovans and Romanians call for reunification, scatter flowers over river border. Finland's parliament in favour of forcing Greece out of the euro, says report US psychology group colluded with govt 'torture' program report Angry at demands, Greeks rail at German 'humiliation' | Kathimerini Typhoon Pounds China With Heavy Rains, 1.1 Million Evacuated. Possibly the strongest typhoon to hit China since 1949. World entering era of global food insecurity with malnutrition and obesity side by side within countries, says leading food expert Australian Navy Cancels Order for the F35B Joint Strike Fighter Woman dies in new H5N6 case. Meeting on Greece Debt Breaks Up With No Deal More than 10,000 fish died in temporary holding tanks in Brazil during construction of what is being touted as the world's largest freshwater aquarium Tunisias nonNATO ally status confirmed by US Beijing effectively bans Tibetans and other ethnic minorities from obtaining passports, Human Rights Watch said Monday, amid a surge in Chinese tourists travelling abroad Climate change must be taken as seriously as nuclear war, says UK foreign minister Russia advances 2km into Georgian territory a portion of the BPoperated BakuSupsa Pipeline in Georgia now ... under Russian control Israel arrests Jewish suspects over torching famous church Lithuania to remove remaining Sovietera statues in capital Eurozone 'agreement' on Greece debt Chad police Anyone wearing face veils will be arrested Doctors demand a 20% tax on sugary drinks to fight UK obesity epidemic Thundersnow, the rarest phenomenon in Australian weather, just happened. An antiIslam nationalist group that has aligned itself with neoNazis and other farright organisations says it will hold Australia's biggest ever patriot rally at Melbourne's Parliament House next weekend. Kurdistan Worker's Party declares end of ceasefire with Turkey, mobilizes guerrillas President Vladimir Putin says Russia is interested in using national currencies with other BRICS [Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa] members after agreeing on such an arrangement with China. Sea bass stocks on brink of collapsing  The stock is in rapid decline, & much more needs to be done  & urgently  to prevent this iconic & important fishery from collapsing. Call for temporary fishing ban if EU agreement to manage critically low stocks cant be reached. Your gun laws are a mistake National Rifle Association to Australia Mexican president expropriates indigenous land for highway Activists expressed outrage and launched an online campaign after government trucks and construction vehicles entered this weekend protected lands of one of Mexico's indigenous communities in order to build a highly controversial highway. Greek crisis surrender fiscal sovereignty in return for bailout, Merkel tells Tsipras Greeks Face 'Humiliating' Demands As Twitter Says #ThisIsACoup Kuwait announces mandatory DNA database for its citizens Ukraine government in armed standoff with nationalist militia Successful Icelandic Pirate MP resigns from Parliament and goes back to mixing asphalt Scientists use nanoparticles to shut down mechanism that drives cancer growth. shutting down Twist expression enabled cancer cells to overcome their resistance to cancer drugs HighProfile Tibetan Monk Dies In Prison In China Ethiopian LGBT Activist Banned by Facebook Under Real Name Policy Six Tropical Cyclones At Once in the Pacific Ocean on July 12 Orangutan escapes from zoo by using blanket as a leverage to break its enclosures. Hadron collider discovers new particle the pentaquark Germany encourages pedophilies to sign up for confidential treatment, even if they have abused a child, and doctors are hailing it as a success. Kim Jong Un phasing out worship of father, grandfather and stripping military of power, analysts say Why was Oscarwinning Snowden documentarian detained 50+ times in US airports? Iranian diplomat Iran, major powers reach historic nuclear deal. Thousands of people in Bangladesh are demanding justice for a teenage boy who was beaten to death by a group of men who filmed themselves laughing and jeering as they carried out the attack. The goal to get HIV treatment to 15 million people by the end of 2015 has already been met, says the United Nations Aids agency. The landmark figure was reached in March  nine months ahead of schedule. A project to build a $200 DIY WiFi router to help whistleblowers hide online just disappeared under bizarre circumstances Australia has asked the United Nations to set up an international criminal tribunal to try those responsible for shooting down the Malaysian Airlines flight MH17. JAPAN Nangka is a powerful typhoon, heading for Japan and is expected to continue to strengthen over the warm waters of the Pacific Ocean through midweek, approaching super typhoon intensity. An Australian judge has accused WikiLeaks of a clear and deliberate breach of the law with its online publication last year of a suppression order issued to prevent world leaders being named in a corruption case. Kuwait has passed a law making it mandatory for all its 1.3 million citizens and 2.9 million foreign residents to have their DNA entered onto a national database. Two Morocco women have been acquitted of indecency charges after they went on trial for wearing short skirts, their lawyer says. 3,000 killed in Yemen in first 100 days of Saudiled bombing, half civilians An Australian state is considering banning tobacco sales to anyone born after 2000. Google maps updates name of disputed South China Sea shoal; removes Chinese name for the reef following online petition New Horizons Probe sends detailed view of Pluto News about an imminent mini ice age is trending  but its not true Burka ban In wake of market bombing, Chad warns anyone in full veil will be arrested on sight Liberia confirms new Ebola case as outbreak spreads, nearly two months after declared Ebolafree by the UN 'Pope of the Poor' Francis apologizes for overlooking middle class woes Italy's public debt hits new record China says 75 percent of cities failed to meet air standards in June. Last year, nearly 90 percent of China's 74 big cities failed to meet air quality standards. Israel Five senior officers under investigation over Gaza war UN calls on Palestinians to provide information on missing Israelis EU law that could make UK internet porn filters illegal is heading for a vote Japan finally bans possession of child pronography. People with HIV live almost 20 years longer than in 2001 Angela Merkel Marriage is 'a man and a woman living together' Saudi Arabia borrows $4B as oil price reality hits home NSA file reveals Israel behind 2008 assassination of Syrian general. Israeli naval commandos shot Muhammad Suleiman before escaping via the sea. Solar power industry vows to step up campaign to topple Abbott government In a huge Uturn, the UK government now says it is NOT going to try to ban encryption Teenager who planned to join ISIS in Syria and said 'all gay people should be killed' is jailed for more than three years Weedkiller suspected of causing cancer deemed 'safe' A bestselling herbicide that the World Health Organisation suspects causes cancer could get a new lease of life in Europe after being deemed safe by a key assessment based largely on classified industry reports. Viking Sword Discovered in NorwayBattle ax with shaft coated in brass also in grave. Charcoal dates to AD 1030, coinciding with coins found. Its quite possible the dead man was 1 of King Canutes men for battles with King Ethelred of England. Outrage as 9 Sudanese women face 40 lashes for wearing trousers Google accidentally reveals data on 'right to be forgotten' requests Data shows 95% of Google privacy requests are from citizens out to protect personal and private information  not criminals, politicians and public figures Americans,Europeans and Middle Easterners see ISIS as the greatest global threat; rest of the world sees climate change as the greatest threat. Tens of thousands of pilgrims taking part in a Hindu religious bathing festival surged forward and triggered a massive stampede on a riverbank in southern India, leaving at least 27 dead Urdu to Replace English as the Official Language in Pakistan South Korean activist launches 'The Interview' DVDs by balloon toward North Korea Australia Speaker of house, Bronwyn Bishop has charged taxpayers almost $90,000 for a twoweek European trip partly aimed at securing her a plum new job. Pluto probe calls home after flyby Pirate Bay 'Hydra' Loses Another Domain Name Mexican kingpin El Chapo photographed drinking beer, flying in plane Snapchat's decision to live stream Mecca praised by thousands of Muslims online Iraq's antiquities minister says the Baghdad National Museum has gotten back nearly 500 artifacts recovered by U.S. Army commandos during a recent raid in Syria targeting the Islamic State group. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday that although she favoured measures to curb discrimination against samesex couples, and that the case of LGBTQ+ rights had been advanced greatly, she did not think that marriage licenses should be offered to homosexual couples. Hammond Israel doesnt want any deal with Iran, it wants a permanent state of standoff British Columbia has a strong appetite for marijuana reform with more than 70% of respondents to a new poll urging either legalization or decriminalization. The Insights West survey found 67% said they support outright legalization, 28% opposed it and 5% were undecided. Japan Elderly overtake teenagers in crime figures Canada ranked as 'most admired' country in the world Stop Everything Theres a New Seaweed That Tastes Like Bacon and Is Better for You Than Kale Cuba is prepared to break with the contentious past and peacefully coexist with the United States, Cuban President Raul Castro said on Wednesday as the two former adversaries are set to restore diplomatic ties Ireland passes law allowing trans people to choose their legal gender Trans people should be the experts of our own gender identity. Selfdetermination is at the core of our human rights. Greek Parliament passes austerity bill Angela Merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in Germany A trove of thousands of Saudi documents recently released by WikiLeaks reveals in surprising detail how [Saudi Arabia's] goal in recent years was not just to spread its strict version of Sunni Islam  though that was a priority  but also to undermine its primary adversary Shiite Iran. Chinese workers go faceless for a day to avoid stress of faking facial expressions North Korea Has Invited Every Member of Congress to Tour Its Alleged Anthrax Facility. US says it is ready to engage North Korea in authentic, credible negotiations after Iran Nuclear Deal Neverbeforeseen footage reveals Russianbacked rebels arriving at the wreckage of MH17 Rich countries rejected an international plan to let the UN help fight tax evasion Transparency advocates tell Quartz that the US was particularly responsible for blocking the provision; Treasury Department officials in Washington and with the delegation did not respond to requests for comment. Rome is on the verge of collapse, says the city's chamber of commerce president. It is unacceptable that a major city which calls itself developed can find itself in such a state of decay. Greeks take to streets against barbaric bailout armed with petrol bombs, in most violent protest in two years Too young to wed Malawi chief sends married children back to school  A Malawi chief took bold steps to address child marriage in her community, reflecting the slow but steady progress against the practice in Malawi and worldwide. Steel is now cheaper than cabbages in China. 2 million feral cats to be killed in Australia Major pharma and finance corporations dramatically boosted lobbying efforts to support TTIP Putin tells Dutch PM on the anniversary of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 crash that an international tribunal to try those responsible for shooting down the plane would be counterproductive Iran nuclear deal '99% of world agrees' says Obama Huge explosion at petrochemical plant in Shandong, China Italy takes step toward legalizing pot Even members of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi's party voted for the measure, a first step toward full legalization. Obama Its My Iran Deal or War Saudi royals illegally close off French public beach Retired General Drones Create More Terrorists Than They Kill, Iraq War Helped Create ISIS | Retired Army Gen. Mike Flynn, a top intelligence official in the post9/11 wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, says in a forthcoming interview on Al Jazeera English that drones do more harm than good. If humans continue destroying plants at the current pace, the lack of irreplaceable biomass may soon endanger present human civilization and make it unsustainable  according to a paper published recently by University of Georgia researchers in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Australia tops the world for climate change denial, study finds Warming of oceans due to climate change is unstoppable, say US scientists Despite deep cuts to public services and welfare, the UK's 650 MPs are to see their annual pay rise to the equivalent of 106,000 euros. Australia actually declares war on cats, plans to kill 2 million by 2020 Indian workers have won a $20m claim against a US company for defrauding and exploiting them while repairing damaged oil rigs after Hurricane Katrina High court rules UK data retention and surveillance legislation unlawful UK government gags advisers over refusal to support beeharming pesticides Kidnapping in Mexico Increased by 30% in June.Mexico holds first place worldwide in kidnapping. Over 90 percent of the cases go unreported. Mass protests in Tokyo as Japan moves to ditch pacifism New video shows the moment Russianbacked rebels realized they shot down a civilian airliner in eastern Ukraine Polar bears are unable to adapt their behaviour to cope with the food losses associated with warmer summers in the Arctic. Scientists had believed that the animals would enter a type of 'walking hibernation' when deprived of prey. But new research says that the bears simply starve. Nexen pipeline leak in Alberta spills 5 million litres  Edmonton Knesset votes down death penalty for terrorists 946  Israel News China's debt is now twice the size of its gross domestic product With fraud rife in conflict and disaster zones, aid charities are under pressure to be open about corruption but one third of the world's 25 biggest aid charities declined to make their fraud data public Isis in its latest execution video released ahead of the popular muslim festival Eid al fitr has used for the first a child soldier for beheading a Syrian Army captain. The child, before decapitating the Syrian soldier, announces that Isis will one day hoist its flag over Jerusalem and Rome. British pilots 'taking part in airstrikes in Syria'  despite government vote against military action British Pilots Have Been Conducting Airstrikes in Syria, Defense Ministry Confirms...even though Parliament voted two years ago against military action there. Saudi use of cluster bomb in Yemen breaks U.S. rules. Followup on Human Rights Watch report. Greeces Prime Minister May Have Just Sacrificed His Government for a Deal He Barely Supports High Court rules UK data retention and surveillance legislation unlawful Casablanca mosque stampede blamed on mouse A mouse is responsible for triggering a stampede in a mosque in the Moroccan city of Casablanca which left more than 80 people injured, officials say. Sponsor CocaCola demands thirdparty reform of FIFA, possibly starting a trend of sponsors applying pressure to the organisation in order to force reform More than 200,000 Germans formally left the Catholic Church in 2014, accelerating the downward trend in the Catholic proportion of the countrys population. Obama praises South Korea for paying teachers the way they pay doctors An Australian TV Reality show smuggled a group of participants across the Syrian border to IS territory. They had a narrow escape as they came under heavy artillery fire from IS as filmmakers took them within half a mile of the front line. Uk's first genital mutilation protection order obtained, stopping 2 girls from being taken abroad Drone that Pakistan shot down was made in China Chinese media Security forces in Saudi Arabia arrests 431 suspected members of the Islamic State militant group. China Ends Mystery of Gold Hoard to Top Russias Holdings. China ended six years of mystery over how much gold its hoarding, revealing a 57% jump in reserves and overtaking Russia to become the country with the 5thlargest stash of the metal. Archaeologists Find Assyrian Tablets in Turkey, Some About Women's Rights ISIS Has Fired Chemical Mortar Shells, Evidence Indicates Spy agency employee found dead, information on hacking program in will police 'Drop Israel nuke program double standards, get IAEA to supervise'  Arab League Fed up with the daily blare from mosque loudspeakers calling the faithful to prayer, Indonesian Vice President Jusuf Kalla has set up a team to monitor the volume of cacophony that begins from dawn. Based on data collected in several urban areas will implement measures to regulate mosque speakers. A South Korean government spy was found dead Saturday in an apparent suicide alongside a note that seemed to comment on the recent revelation that the spy agency had acquired hacking programs capable of intercepting communications on cellphones and computers, police said. Iran lauds Indian assistance during period of Sanctions, promises preferential treatment to Indian investors The Canadian military's new top commander has delivered a clear, tough message, saying bullies and abusers have no place within the ranks and, where they exist, they'll be weeded out. Chinesebuilt zeroemissions electric bus prepares for service in London  Fully electric doubledecker bus with new compact battery to launch in autumn, as London prepares for ultra low emission zone, reports China Daily Israeli PM calls Palestinian President in goodwill gesture marking Muslim holiday of Eid alFitr International report confirms 2014 was Earths warmest year on record A space rock worth $5.4 trillion is flying by Earth this weekend Khamenei Deal or no deal, Iran won't stop opposing US, supporting people of Palestine UK Mass Surveillance, The power was used in around 16,000 such cases last year to prevent death or injury in an emergency situation, the Home Office said. China to deport foreign tourists apparently after some of them watched a documentary on Genghis Khan in their hotel room France estimates the economic costs of air pollution.The Senate committee estimated the annual cost of air pollution in France at 101.3 billion. 60 media workers killed in first half of this year for doing their job .France named as deadliest country for journalists after Charlie Hebdo attack A Japanese salmon and trout fishing boat from Hokkaido was seized by Russian authorities Friday for breaching the fishing quota, the Hokkaido government said Saturday. Police Shoot Protester Wearing Anonymous Mask, Hacktivist Group Vows to Avenge His Death Tension builds between Canada, U.S. over TPP deal Rich Chinese Leaving China In Myanmar, Garment Factories That Source Popular BrandName Clothing Retailers Aim To Defeat A 40Cent Hourly Minimum Wage UK Wants 10 Year Prison Sentence For Online Pirates Iraq 115 Killed In IS Car Bomb Attack Gaza City hit by at least four explosions Eritrean translators are intimidating and deliberately mistranslating the testimonies of refugees during asylum hearings, say dissidents' groups in Germany. The United Nations Working Group on business and human rights this week urged Governments across the world to ensure that corporations do not undermine sustainable development, and called for greater transparency and accountability for how businesses address human rights risks and impacts. Colombian authorities have announced work will begin on July 27 to unearth what they say is the world's largest urban mass grave, located in a garbage tip in a sprawling mountainside slum known as Comuna 13 in western Medellin. ISIS Offensive in AlHasakah Ends Miserably 1,200 Militants estimated trapped in the city, surrounded by Syrian Armed Forces and YPG fighters Palestinian refugee girl allowed to stay in Germany after crying footage goes viral Queen launches massive hunt to find source behind leaked footage of her doing a Nazi salute as a kid Royal Palace upset after a British tabloid published video of a young Elizabeth giving the Nazi salute Women top Taiwan presidential race Islamists kill five at Egypt's Sinai checkpoints Honduras Outraged Movement Marches On Against Gov't Corruption.Honduras' popular outraged movement took to the streets with tens of thousands of supporters for the eighth week straight ISIS executes journalist in Iraq's Mosul. Royals told open archives on family ties to Nazi regime ISIS Plants Land Mines In Christian Civilian Homes, Ancient Ruins Across Iraq, Syria Over 150,000 drafted into Russian armed forces during spring campaign  Defense Ministry Ayatollah Khamenei, Backing Iran Negotiators, Endorses Nuclear Deal Christians Grow Weary Over Rising Threat of Kidnapping in Syria, Iraq Hamas military members captured. Responsible for the murder of Israeli citizen Malachi Rosenfeld on June 29. Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life US, Cuba restore full diplomatic relations after 54 years Dozens dead after terror attack in Turkey  CNN.com India blocks Colgate patents for spices that are commonly used at homes Marijuana could be used to treat fractured bones, new study finds. The bones not only healed quicker, but were also stronger and more resilient against a repeated fracture Nobel prize winning economist Paul Krugman, a vocal supporter of Athens in their longrunning bailout saga, said Sunday that he may have overestimated the competence of the Greek government Cuban flag will be raised over what is to once again become Cuban embassy on Monday North Korea reports 99.97% turnout in local elections Australia's 60 Minutes makes 'special' on UK's VIP paedophiles Australia's war on wind farms threatens biggest renewable project Banknotes thrown at Sepp Blatter during news conference Town Shames ISIS Chief Cersei LannisterStyle  and Then Executes Him Report ISIS steps up use of chemicals on battlefield Ikea to pay UK workers more than living wage in 2016 New UAE AntiDiscriminatory Law criminalises acts that insult religion through speech, written word, books, pamphlets or online media. 10 years jail time for discrimination crimes. Frances President Hollande calls for Eurozone Government Australian mining companies linked to hundreds of deaths across Africa Almost 9,500 people in London had their lives cut short by air pollution in 2010, accounting for a fifth of all deaths in the city that year. Japanese pensioners are committing more crimes than teenagers Climate change found to increase human conflict and violence.Changes in temperatures and precipitation patterns systematically increase the risk of both interpersonal violence . A former Yugoslav general was arrested in Montenegro on Sunday on suspicion of having committed war crimes in the 1990s. Serbian Borislav Djukic, 66, was arrested, on a warrant issued by Croatia, at Tivat airport as he was about to board a plane for Belgrade US 'friendly fire' kills up to 10 Afghan soldiers Russia Orders 'SubmarineKiller' Be200 Amphibious Aircraft For Production By 2020, Official Says UN Security Council unanimously endorses Iran nuclear deal ISIS destroys Ramadi Stadium in Iraq George Clooney seeks to expose those who fund and profit from wars in Africa The Oscar winner has launched a project with US human rights activist John Prendergast to investigate the flow of money in and out of conflict zones Cecil the lion was skinned and his head removed. Hwange  A wellknown and muchphotographed blackmaned lion affectionately named Cecil was killed by sport hunters just outside Hwange in Zimbabwe last week. 5,000 naked antigay protesters to greet Obama in Kenya Bankers the real terrorists Occupy attacks London police for labeling protesters extremists Cluster bombs made in the USA and sold to Saudi Arabia are being dropped on Yemenis NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has urged the world's leading group of internet engineers to design a future 'net that puts the user in the center, and so protects people's privacy. Monster El Nio Makes RecordHot Year Look Inevitable.In more than 135 years of global temperature data, four of the five hottest months on record all happened in 2015 February, March, May, and now June. Binyamin Netanyahu's household spending under criminal investigation An 18yearold French woman is in remission from HIV  despite not having taken any drugs against the virus for 12 years. A village in Kazakhstan is being evacuated as scientists grapple with the cause of a mysterious sleeping sickness. College librarian in China admits to stealing more than 140 17th20th Century paintings, selling them for $17m, and replacing them with fakes Huge crude oil spill in Siberia. New study shows King Phillip II of Macedonfather of Alexander the Great, is buried in Tomb I  Most striking evidence comes from a leg bonean upper thigh fused to a shin at the knee with a hole in itit aligns with historical texts that describe Philip as suffering a wound from a lance. Isis Executed German Kickboxing Champion Valdet Gashi for Trying to Flee Monitoring Group Romania, a country where only 1.7% of people donate blood, is offering free concert tickets in exchange for their blood Rhinos With Spy Cams in Their Horns Will Catch Poachers in the Act  A big problem has been that antipoaching teams find out about incidents too late, leading to low arrest & conviction rates at the scene of the crime. All this tech has existed for a long time, weve just put it together. Russian sports club airbrushes Putin critic and chess great Kasparov from history book 2 Giant Israeli Solar Plants Will Soon Provide Nearly 2% Of The Countrys Electricity EU member states agree to ban toxic substance widely found in clothing because it poses an unacceptable risk to the environment  Hormone disrupting chemicals found in imported clothing Russia makes rival U.N. move on MH17 probe after dismissing tribunal bid John Kerry 'disturbedy Iranian leader's criticism after deal Former President Hu Jintao's top aide has been arrested on corruption charges, stripped of his party membership and removed from all government positions The Philippines and Vietnam are refurbishing key military bases used during the Cold War and bolstering cooperation with Washington to counter Beijings maritime expansion in the South China Sea. Australia to earn $1.5bn a year from China cattle exports Israel halts medical treatment for members of Syria's Nusra Front The officer responded to complaints voiced by some members of the Druze community in Israel that security forces are assisting the AlNusra Front Leaked emails between Italian spyware vendor Hacking Team and Boeing subsidiary Insitu revealed that drones carrying malware to infect targeted computers via WiFi by flying over their proximity is close to becoming a reality. ISIS convoy triggers their own mine planted earlier in the year, 2 of its local leaders killed Today's publication indicates that the NSA has been used to help the CIA kidnap and torture with impunity. For years the CIA was systematically abducting and torturing people, with the tacit complicity of European governments, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said in a statement. Poland will not pay a penny for Greece Poland will not spend a penny from its own budget to help Greece, Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz told a press conference in Warsaw Russia Disowns Soldiers Captured in Eastern Ukraine in May In videotaped interviews after they were captured, Alexandrov and Yerofeyev said they were part of a Russian special forces' spying mission in eastern Ukraine Romania bans Holocaust denial, fascist symbols The UAE introduces new law criminalising all forms of discrimination on the grounds of religion, caste, creed, doctrine, race, colour or ethnic origin. NASA releases Epic New View of Earth; 1st image of the entire sunlit side of Earth at once since Apollo 17 astronauts captured the iconic Blue Marble photograph in 1972. Mexican poachers ignore fishing ban as the worlds most endangered porpoise nears extinction A Greenpeace vessel patrolling the Gulf of California finds that vaquita porpoisekilling gillnet fishing continues despite a government moratorium. After Four Years, Chinese Dissident Artist Ai Weiwei Gets His Passport Back. 32 boys dead in South African circumcision initiation season. 400 died last year, and 500,000 hospitalised with complications & infections between 20082013. Access to Twitter blocked in Turkey... again. Russia using North Korean 'slave labour', say human rights groups The scientist leading Australia's efforts to find signals from intelligent life on other planets warned on Tuesday we should think twice before replying. Finnish unemployment at 10% and youth unemployment at 22% with no signs of improvement Saudi Prince Threatens 'Military Action Without American Support' Against Iran Outdoor cinema for homeless people opens in Moscow  Throughout the summer, Russian capital's invisible population will be able to watch Soviet comedies and enjoy hot meals. Air strike kills al Qaeda leader in Syria Pentagon Greenland's glaciers flowing into the ocean are grounded deeper below sea level than previously measured, allowing intruding ocean water to badly undercut the glacier faces. That process will raise sea levels around the world much faster than currently estimated Scientists find first drug that appears to slow Alzheimer's disease Erdogan's Daughter Heads a Covert Hospital to Help ISIL Injured Members European court forces Italy to recognize samesex couples, putting pressure on Russia and others to liberalise Kyrgyzstan tears up cooperation accord with US NSA tapped phone calls involving top German officials for years, recent WikiLeaks docs reveals; the group alleged that its revelations showed the NSA, which had been spying on German officials since at least 1998, helped the CIA outmaneuver Europe on torture at CIA black sites in Europe DNA uncovers mystery migration to the Americas Dolphins are struggling to reproduce because of industrial chemical pollution in European waters that can linger in the animalsodies for a lifetime Tibet monk dies in custody, China cremates him to avoid probe, and then seizes his ashes to avoid shrine White House Finalizing Plan to Close Guantanamo Bay Prison Spain raises marrying age from 14 to 16 European Union opens antitrust case against 6 major US movie studios  Sky UK, Disney, NBC, Paramount, Sony, Fox, and Warner Bros named in Statement of Objections. Australia's climate change stance is incomprehensible and profoundly unconservative, said a leading UK MP. The Canadian government says it will not be bullied as the United States ratchets up pressure on Canadas heavily protected dairy sector ahead of what could be the final round of talks for a Pacific Rim trade deal spanning 12 countries. China starts building its largest solar plant spread over 2,550 hectares in the Gobi desert Turkish tanks on Thursday opened fire on targets controlled by Islamic State (IS) jihadists in Syria after a Turkish soldier was killed by shots from the Syrian side of the border India's grand solar plans ruin Abbott's coal export strategy Scientists we are 'condemning' forest elephants by ignoring evidence  As the ivory trade threatens to obliterate forest elephants, conservationists & govts fail to recognize them as a distinct species despite rising genetic & physical evidence. Video of Tycoon Stomping on Woman's Head Reveals the Dark Side of Cambodia's Elites World's Most Famous Climate Scientist Issues Bombshell Sea Level Warning Myanmar jails 153 Chinese illegal loggers for life China may adopt 'twochild policy' this year as demographic timebomb looms Thirtyseven people were killed in three days in the Brazilian city of Manaus, and one hypothesis being considered is a coordinated wave of attacks involving police, an official said Ukraine Thousands of farright supporters rally in Kiev calling for impeachment of President Poroshenko The BRICS countries just launched a rival to the IMF and the World Bank Seventy years after the end of the Second World War and the liberation of Nazi death camps by Allied troops, Germany is establishing its firstever professorship devoted to the study of the Holocaust. The United Nations office in Guatemala said Tuesday that a major river in the countrys northern region had been contaminated with pesticides used to produce African palm oil, affecting thousands of people. Chile's salmon farmers are using record levels of antibiotics to treat a virulent and pervasive bacteria, driving away some U.S. retailers including Costco Wholesale Corp, which is turning to antibioticfree Norwegian salmon Tehran turns down Berlins request to recognize Israel  Middle East India, China And Iraq Become Biggest Russian Weapons Importers Amid Western Sanctions Rushdie says 'wrong lessons' learned from his Iran fatwa ordeal Earth records hottest June since records began NASA discovers another Earth like planet in the Milky Way galaxy  Planet Kepler452b, the first nearEarthsize world to be found in the habitable zone of star that is similar to our sun. World's first malaria vaccination approved Indian court rules that 14yearold who was raped by her doctor is not allowed to terminate pregnancy. Shoplifting in Russia soars as economy crumbles under sanctions French court backs mass surveillance France's top court has given the green light for security services to hack people's computers and phones even if they aren't suspected of any crime. NASA Returning To The Moon Is Ten Times Cheaper Than Thought, And It Could Lead To Mars  In 10 to 12 years, it says that a fourperson industrial base on the Moon could be operational, costing $40 billion (26 billion), less than $4 billion (2.6 billion) a year. Shell Just Got the Green Light to Drill in the Arctic | The Obama administration gave Shell the goahead to drill in the Arctic, but put limits on how deep the company can drill until better spill response technology arrives. Moscow's highest court has sentenced a leader of a militant neoNazi group to life in prison after he was convicted of ordering five brutal killings including that of a prominent human rights lawyer Ukraine bars Communist Party from elections, political party which regularly got &gt;10% of the votes in national elections China has started assembling the world's largest radio telescope, which will have a dish the size of 30 football pitches when completed, state media reported as Beijing steps up its ambitions in outer space India earns $100 million launching 45 foreign satellites Iran falsified the number of executions in the country to hide the fact that in the last six months, it killed as many as 694 people, Amnesty has claimed in its latest report Rep. Rosa DeLauro [The] legitimacy and moral authority on the issue of human trafficking is being undermined in an effort to smooth the path for the TPP Chinese company builds 3Dprinted villa in less than 3 hours Turkish warplanes pound Islamic State in Syria as Ankara steps up to frontline Massive Pod of Pilot Whales Slaughtered in the Faroe Islands  Footage shows bloody slaughter Report Israel Gave Jordan 26 Cobra Choppers to Fight ISIS Russia bans Jehovah's Witness literature and website Russian austerity Putin fires 110,000 officials Submarine volcano near Grenada going active, may erupt within hours and pose tsunami threat for Caribbean British teen accused of plot to commit college massacre Oil price collapse warning issued by Morgan Stanley Turkey to Allow Use of Key Air Base for U.S. Warplanes to Bomb ISIS The UK wants online pirates to face 10 years in prison Sweden to Introduce Meat Tax Former Gitmo detainee who wrote a book about being Innocent in Guantanamo, is arrested in Belgium for recruiting for al Qaeda New Horizons Finds Nitrogen Glaciers and Hazy Air on Pluto Astronomers astounded by the dwarf planet's active geology and atmosphere Mexico poverty rate hit 46.2% last year as 2 million more join ranks of poor.The poverty rate increased by 0.7 percentage point to 46.2 percent last year from 45.5 percent in 2012, equivalent to 55.3 million people in the nation of nearly 120 million Cannabis petition forces MPs to consider debating legalisation More than 100,000 sign appeal calling for total legalisation hosted on governments official epetitions website. An independent Mexican commission said on Thursday it found serious flaws in an investigation into the apparent massacre of 43 students last year, dealing a fresh blow to President Enrique Pena Nieto over a scandal that has battered his administration. US and Pakistan cannot have a true strategic partnership until Pakistan cuts all ties with terrorist organisations and renounces its use as an instrument of state policy US lawmakers tells Pakistan House prices pushed up by foreign gangsters Investigators warn the London property market is being skewed by international criminals seeking to hide their illgotten gains. A United Nations watchdog urged Canada on Thursday to investigate alleged human rights abuses by its mining companies abroad and launch an inquiry into the high number of missing and murdered indigenous women and girls. U.S. troops to train regular Ukrainian military troops later in 2015 Taxi drivers block streets of Rio de Janeiro in protest against Uber Nigeria marks a year without polio, with hopes high for eradication from Africa Kerry says Israeli action against Iran would be 'huge mistake'  NBC  Illegal migration clearly linked with terror threat Hungary PM Saudi Airstrikes In Yemen Kill Over 120 Civilians In Southern Taiz Province Foreign criminals are laundering billions of pounds through the purchase of expensive properties, which is pushing up house prices in the UK, the National Crime Agency has said. Turkey extends bombing campaign to PKK targets in Iraq Denmark to run antirefugee advertisements Amnesty Blasts 'Staggering' Iranian Execution Spree; Nearly 700 People Killed So Far This Year Kerry to talk with Russia on Islamic State fight and role Iran might play Turkey arrests hundreds of suspected ISIS, PKK militants First ships cross Egypt's New Suez Canal in test run Australian arrested after acting as ISIL medic in Syria. Nurse appears in court after handing himself in to authorities in Turkey and voluntarily returning to Sydney Brazilian prosecutors, declaring war on what they called a culture of impunity, presented charges on Friday against the CEO of Latin America's largest engineering firm as part of a landmark investigation of a kickback and bribery scandal NASA's New Horizons spacecraft discovers flowing Ices on Pluto Turkey Condemns Belgium Over Armenian Genocide Resolution Australian senators give medical marijuana the green light Iran offered Iraq an 'open cheque' to help them battle Isis.The Iraq ambassador to the US says of Iran. They offered us literally anything we wanted, troops and everything else More than 1.2 million trees were planted across Australia on Sunday during National Tree Day. This year's tally brings the total number to over 22 million trees planted by more than 3.5 million participants since the annual event began in 1996. Barack Obama tells African states to abandon antigay discrimination Skeletons Of Napoleon's Soldiers Discovered In Mass Grave Show Signs Of Starvation  Archaeologists find over 3,000 men who died during Napoleons retreat from Moscow in 1812. Now, new chemical analyses are revealing where these soldiers hailed from & how little there was to eat. Human Traffickers Arrested at Delhi Airport; 21 Nepalese Girls Rescued We were all in awe Over centuryold shipwreck found in Nova Scotia harbor  This is 1 of the nicest wrecks in Nova Scotia. It's never been touched. Being on a newlydiscovered shipwreck is something that sometimes only happens once in a divers career, or maybe never. Zimbabwean authorities hunt Spaniard accused of killing Cecil the lion European allegedly paid 50k for chance to kill tourist attraction, who was found headless after being shot with a bow and arrow Pakistan Tried to Create 'World's Most Powerful Surveillance Systemy Illegally Tapping Undersea Internet Cables. The report by Privacy International found that ISI was being provided spying tools by companies such as Atis (Germany), Ericsson (Sweden), Nokia and Huawei Australia is on the cusp of joining a huge new United Statesled trade deal which will set the rules for doing business in the region at the expense of China. The Taliban took control of a large police base in a remote part of northeastern Afghanistan after some 100 police and border guards joined the insurgents following three days of fighting FBI China the most predominant economic espionage threat to US Signs of worlds 1st pictograph found in Turkey  Site of worlds oldest temple holds scene etched into obelisk. It depicts a human head in a vulture's wing & a headless human body. There are cranes & scorpions. This is the portrayal of a moment. They are not random figures. The White House has backed Turkey's right to take action against Kurdish militants, after waves of air and artillery strikes put a fragile ceasefire between separatists and the Turkish forces in jeopardy. TPP Trade Deal May Wrap Up This Week A medical school admission examinations scandal in India has turned into a veritable whodunit with thousands of arrests, mysterious deaths and the suspected involvement of top politicians and bureaucrats Petition as French Riviera beach closed for Saudi king Professor claims scientists investigating melting Arctic ice may have been assassinated At least 19 people have been killed and 64 others injured in a suicide bombing in the Cameroonian town of Maroua, just three days after twin bombings were suspected to have been carried out by militant group Boko Haram. Delhi's cheap food war Street vendors fear city's canteen scheme will threaten their livelihoods. The socalled common man canteens promise freshly cooked, nutritious meals prepared in hygienic kitchens for the citys bulging ranks of the poor and needy. Ian Cobain, a reporter with The Guardian, is one of very few people who know why a student arrested by armed British police officers in 2013 was finally acquitted this year of terrorism charges. Problem is, he cannot report what he knows. IOC urged to reject Beijings 2022 Olympic bid amid lawyer crackdown West Africa's alarming growth industry Meth.Local and international officials say West African criminal groups are now producing and exporting hundreds of millions of dollars worth of methamphetamine  or meth  every year, most of it shipped to Asia. Justice for sale Big companies could soon escape prosecution for corporate corruption  by paying their way out Turkey and U.S. will create 4000 km ISISfree safe zone in northern Syria to resettle refugees Musk, Wozniak and Hawking urge ban on AI and autonomous weapons Over 1,000 highprofile artificial intelligence experts and leading researchers have signed an open letter warning of a military artificial intelligence arms race and calling for a ban on offensive autonomous weapons. Search for 43 missing students in Mexico turns up corpses of at least 129 other people Marijuana legalization petition hits enough signatures for UK parliament debate  A petition for the full legalization of marijuana in the UK has gathered more than 130,000 signatures in just four days No excuse for female genital mutilation, says Obama A girl aged about 10 has carried out a suicide bombing in northeastern Nigeria, killing at least 16 people Half of Cuba men's hockey team defects Deputy Speaker of House of Lords resigns after being filmed snorting cocaine with two prostitutes Europe just invested over $380 million in an alienhunting space mission to Jupiter Medical marijuana to be sold in pharmacies, says Israeli deputy minister of health Only 100 tigers left in Bangladesh's famed Sundarbans forest  The population in the mangrove forest is far less than believed, officials say, after a census uses cameras hidden in trees to record numbers Renewable energy expense attacked as Australia gifts $41 billion to fossil fuels Former President of India APJ Abdul Kalam Passes Away Collapses During Speech in Shillong Turkey asks NATO for extraordinary meeting next week China stocks plunge, suffer biggest oneday loss since February 2007 Victoria shuts down Yellow Giant underground gold mine in northwestern B.C. for spilling pollution on land and into creeks, lakes, and a wetland. Young Hondurans Lead Unprecedented AntiCorruption Movement.A Honduran spring is happening, led by young people mobilising over the social networks, who are flooding the streets with weekly torch marches against corruption and impunity. Over a thousand French farmers have blocked roads from Spain and Germany to stop foreign produce entering the country. The protest follows a week of action against a fall in food prices, pushing them towards bankruptcy. Turkey Drops Bombs on Kurdish Group That Fought Islamic State in Iraq Russia to give away land to populate its far east. Leader of Russian neoNazi group sentenced to life Moscows highest court sentenced a leader of a militant neoNazi group to life in prison Friday after he was convicted of ordering five brutal killings, including that of a prominent human rights lawyer. The remains of 97 human bodies have been found stuffed into a small 5,000yearold house in a prehistoric village in northeast China, researchers report in two separate studies. 1881 document suggests Palestinian ownership of village destroyed by Israel several times Radical Israeli Sheikh calls to conquer Temple Mount with violence At least 10 people have been killed in a bomb blast which has hit a hotel in Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. Dawn of deepsea mining alarms conservationists as UN body issues exploration contracts.Conservationists are warning that the deep oceans fragile biodiversity must be protected and not nearly enough is known about the risks of extracting minerals from seabeds. American dentist named as the hunter that killed beloved Cecil the lion. Billionaire hedge fund managers have called on Puerto Rico to lay off teachers and close schools so that the island can pay them back the billions it owes. It accused the island, where 56% of children live in poverty, of spending too much on education U.S. drops bid for 2024 Olympics in Boston Porn websites visited 250,000 times on UK parliament computers Canadian Conservative MPs block their own Finance Minister from presenting a report about the Canadian economy. Prime Minister John Key has admitted that New Zealand will have to pay more for medicines if it signs up to the Trans Pacific Partnership but he says this was unlikely to affect consumers. DNA discovery Modern Amazonians linked to indigenous Australians Killing of Cecil the lion prompts calls for EU ban on importing lion trophies Zimbabwes famous lion was lured out of a national park, killed, beheaded and skinned. Over 200 lions are legally killed and turned into trophies and sent to Europe every year Jehovah's Witnesses did not report 1006 alleged sex abusers to police Apple, Microsoft, Google and other US firms to commit $140bn to address climate change Facing corruption scandal, Malaysian PM fires officials investigating him 950 million Android phones can be hijacked by malicious text messages Swiss officials have issued a formal apology after it emerged army helicopters had crossed the border with France on Thursday in an unexpected incursion to draw water for thirsty Swiss cows. Senior London Shia scholar declares jihad against extremism, against the forces misusing the name of Islam; against ISIS Anonymous releases hacked CSIS document after members death, threaten to leak stunning secrets Insulting statues of 'rat bankers' have appeared in London Members of an isolated indigenous group made contact over the weekend with villagers in Peru's Amazon basin seeking food and supplies Philip Morris sues Australian Government over plain packaging laws North Korean authorities going housetohouse in search to destroy anned' music CDs and tapes 40 Percent of the World's Adults Have Never Heard of Climate Change LGBT hate speech to be outlawed in Poland for the first time Obama condemns African leaders who won't give up power NATO holding rare emergency meeting at Turkey's request The UK government spent 13 times more bombing Libya than securing peace in the years afterwards  450m versus 35m Libya Moammar Gadhafi's son Saif alIslam sentenced to death Dentist who killed Cecil the lion faces calls for prosecution  US uproar over death of protected animal forces Walter Palmers practice to close, as two others attend Zimbabwean court to face poaching charges. US bans cilantro imports from Mexican farms littered with feces & toilet paper  5 of 8 Puebla farms found with objectionable hygiene conditions have been linked to recurrent outbreaks of cyclosporiasis in US since 2012 Saudi Arabian royals who annexed an entire public beach for their stay on the French Riviera 'ordered local police not to allow female officers near them' A USled raid on the compound housing the Islamic States chief financial officer produced evidence that Turkish officials directly dealt with ranking ISIS members Iran has completely cut off its financial aid to the Palestinian militant group Hamas Obama tells African leaders no one should be president for life British Police admit giving up enforcing cannabis laws Northern white rhino dies, leaving only 4 left on Earth Nabir, a 31yearold female northern white rhino, died of a ruptured cyst, leaving only three females and one male of this subspecies alive. For 110 days and across two seas and three oceans, Sea Shepherd crews stalked a fugitive fishing ship considered the worlds most notorious poacher. Secrecy around TPP trade deal fuels suspicions, worries. Higher costs for needed generic drugs. Longer copyright protections than the global standard. Foreign investors empowered to overrule governments. A more tightlyregulated internet. Senior Western official Links between Turkey and ISIS are now 'undeniable' Tony Abbott wrong on coal being good for humanity, Oxfam report finds  Report says Australia must embrace renewables & coal exacts an enormous toll on health, drives climate change & is ineffective in delivering electricity to worlds poor Former Kremlin banker Putin 'is the richest person in the world until he leaves power' ISIS preparing to attack India to provoke confrontation with the US, says report TransPacific Partnership TPP Trade Deal Hits Stumbling Blocks In The Final Lap Of Negotiations Secret TPP Talks Continue at a Luxury Hotel in Hawaii as the Deal Grows More Controversial Curved London 'Death Ray' skyscraper, previously blamed for igniting fires with reflected solar heat, now stands accused of creating urban wind tunnels and blowing over pedestrians Some 2,000 migrants tried to enter the Channel Tunnel terminal in Calais on Monday night in an attempt to reach the UK, operator Eurotunnel has said The Entire Country of Sri Lanka is About to Get BalloonBased Internet, Thanks to Google Two students have found a human tooth from about 560,000 years ago in a famous prehistoric cave in southwestern France, a discovery praised by archaeologists as the oldest human body part ever discovered in the country and being rare from that period in Europe Supreme Court of India  24 weeks pregnant rape victim can undergo abortion if doctors permit. China adds 9.16 GW of gridconnected wind power in H1 Taliban leader Mullah Omar 'is dead'  BBC News As Yemenis Starve, Saudi Arabia is Accused of War Crimes in the Country PKK blows up two bridges in Turkey Rio's waters are so filthy that 2016 Olympians risk becoming violently ill and unable to compete Russia vetoes bid to set up tribunal for downed flight MH17 An entire Palestinian village that has received Australian aid money to help improve living conditions is facing demolition by Israeli authorities. Possible MH370 wing part washes up on African Island We will access, disclose and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails, other private communications or files in private folders), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to.  Microsoft Spanish man fined up to 600 under new gag laws for calling police 'slackers' in Facebook post Only one percent of Kenyan government spending can be properly accounted for, according to a report by the country's auditorgeneral released just days after US President Barack Obama warned corruption was holding the country back Germany Just Got 78% Of Its Electricity From Renewable Sources  The new record exceeds the previous May, 2014 record by as much as 5 percentage points. World Bank rejects energy industry notion that coal can cure poverty Jehovah's Witnesses hid over 1000 sex abuse cases. Shut up as a woman, Turkish Deputy PM Arn tells female MP Canada Just Bought Israel's Iron Dome Radar Technology Facebook ordered to allow fake user names in Germany Cats in Australia could soon be banned from going outdoors 24/7 U.K. released hundreds of Nazis after the Holocaust, says leading historian | Dr. Dan Plesch of SOAS, London, says that the the former Nazi officers were released under pressure from the U.S., which wanted Germany on its side in the Cold War. 1000s of Animals Saved in Nepal as Mass Slaughter Is Canceled  World's largest animal sacrifice called off in landmark victory for activists. At 2009 religious event some 500,000 water buffalo, goats, chickens, & other animals were killed. The time has come to transform an old tradition. Facebook profit falls 9 percent The world's population is expected to reach 8.5 billion by 2030 and 9.7 billion in 2050 before hitting 11.2 billion people by the end of the century Women Screw Islamic State out of Thousands of Dollars by Posing as Potential Brides 153 Chinese get life sentences for illegal logging in Myanmar Dentist who killed Zimbabwe's Cecil the lion hires PR firm amid global backlash Defense Department is already observing the impacts of climate change in shocks and stressors to vulnerable nations and communities, including in the United States, the Arctic, Middle East, Africa, Asia and South America. U.S. says 'deeply concerned' about Israeli building in West Bank. Deputy Spokesperson said Settlement expansion threatens the twostate solution and calls into question Israel's commitment to a negotiated resolution to the conflict China is stripping crosses from Christian churches FedEx no longer to transport bioterror germs in wake of anthrax lab mishaps The Canadian government has announced it intends to ban microbeads used in personal care products, after a scientific review found that the tiny particles pose a potential risk to the environment. A leaked document from the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) trade talks indicates the CBC, Canada Post and other Crown corporations could be required to operate solely for profit under the deals terms. Zimbabwe wants the killer of Cecil the lion extradited Supreme Court of India in a landmark ruling allows 14 year old rape survivor to terminate her pregnancy. She was 24 weeks into her pregnancy. 18 month old Palestinian baby burned to death after two houses were burned in Duma village in occupied West Bank, with graffiti left on the walls reading revenge in Hebrew. German government accuses news website of treason over leaks  For the first time in more than 50 years journalists are facing treason charges, which is being denounced as an attack on the freedom of the press 2022 Winter Olympics Awarded to Beijing, becoming first city to host both winter and summer olympics Saudi Arabia asks to be dropped from 9/11 lawsuit Successful Ebola vaccine provides 100% protection in trial US ally Turkey found to be funding Islamic State while bombing them and the Kurds combating ISIL. NASA confirms the discovery of a rocky exoplanet just 21 light years away HIV can be flushed out of its hiding places in the body using a cancer drug, researchers show. Spains Google tax has been a disaster for publishers, new study shows Traffic to small publishers dropped 14 percent, and some local news apps shut down Environmentalists, union members protest Pacific trade pact being negotiated at Maui resort We are calling on elected leaders around the world, all 12 countries, to recognize that the public interest in this situation is higher than the corporate interest. Huge underground lake found in desert of Xinjiang, China Iran city hits suffocating heat index of 154 degrees, near world record Serbia's state lottery is facing an investigation after one of the winning numbers appeared on television before being drawn. China removes crosses from churches across the country  Chinese Christians start making their own in protest. Hundreds of villagers in an east China county have written a letter to Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte, hoping for the return of a 1,000yearold mummified buddha believed to be stolen from their village in 1995. Six Jerusalem Gay Pride marchers stabbed by ultraOrthodox Jew David Cameron is to give pornography websites one last chance to produce an effective voluntary scheme for agerestricted controls on their sites or he will introduce legislation that could see them shut down Italy youth unemployment jumps to a recordhigh 44.2 percent. Litvinenko inquiry Vladimir Putin 'ordered killing' Russian President Vladimir Putin personally ordered the killing of Alexander Litvinenko, the inquiry into the former spy's death has heard Tokyo Electric executives to be charged over Fukushima nuclear disaster Farm employers 'manipulate' female backpackers into sexual acts in return for Australian visa signoff Travellers are being coerced into performing sexual acts in return for farm employers signing off on backpacker visa applications. TPP Delegates Fail to Reach Final Deal Trade Minister Andrew Robb confirms Australia will not sign TransPacific Partnership deal A fleet of at least 30 fishing trawlers crewed by slaves is being hunted off the coast of Papua New Guinea as the true extent becomes apparent of the trafficking of Burmese men by a massive Thairun criminal syndicate operating throughout the East Indies. Three Girls Steal $3,300 from ISIS. Iran has confirmed that a meteor has hit somewhere in the northern part of the country. WikiLeaks publishes Target Tokyo, 35 Top Secret NSA targets in Japan including the Japanese cabinet and Japanese companies such as Mitsubishi Legal challenge to be lodged surrounding TPP | A legal challenge will be lodged in the New Zealand's High Court next week over the secrecy around the Trans Pacific Partnership negotiations Child Marriages Form 15% of All Marriages in Egypt Japan arrests MtGox Bitcoin head over missing $387m Cables show Hillary Clinton's State Department heavily involved in TPP negotiations. Sex workers around the world aren't taking lightly to a celebrity campaign against decriminalizing prostitution. Temperatures soar into the 50s in Middle East, feels like it's in the 70s in some parts. Cecil the Lion's cubs to likely survive, protected by Cecil's brother, Jericho who may have fathered some himself. Migrants trying to sail from Turkey to Greece are increasingly reporting being attacked by gunmen trying to prevent them from reaching Europe. TPP negotiations threaten to forcibly commercialise stateowned bodies | The ABC, SBS and Australia Post could lose special regulatory treatment under trade measures being pushed for by the US Two journalists at the prominent German news website Netzpolitik are under investigation for treason after publishing details about the planned expansion of the German Secret Services Internet surveillance program Now that Iran has agreed to curb its nuclear program, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif says its time for Israel to follow suit and abandon its longrumored nuclear arsenal. Disneyland Paris probed for charging Brits and Germans more than the French Jerusalem gay pride attack suspect lashes out in court Eight slaves rescued from impounded Thaiowned cargo ship in Papua New Guinea Windows 10 Microsoft faces criticism over privacy Saudi Arabia Asks To Be Dropped From 9/11 Lawsuits Russia 'may ban gay emojis' under 'propaganda' law Secret NSA Map Shows China Cyber Attacks on U.S. Targets | A secret NSA map obtained exclusively by NBC News shows the Chinese government's massive cyber assault on all sectors of the U.S economy, including major firms like Google and Lockheed Martin, as well as the U.S. government and military. Talks on a Pacific Rim freetrade pact are unlikely to end in a final deal, sources involved in the talks said on Friday, with a dispute between Japan and the United States over autos, New Zealand digging in over trade in dairy products and no agreement on monopoly periods for nextgeneration drugs I drank the water & ate the fish. We all did. The acid has damaged me permanently  In villages near Africas biggest copper mine, you can taste pollution. Legal battle against metals giant Vedanta/KCM reaches London. A 16yearold girl who was stabbed during Jerusalems Gay Pride Parade on Thursday died Sunday after succumbing to her wounds, hospital officials said. After recent death, only 4 Northern White Rhinos Remain. 1 Male and 3 Females. The male is 41 years old and has a low sperm count. Cecil's brother Jericho 'alive and well,' says researcher, after reports lion was killed Distillers in China added Viagra to thousands of bottles of spirits and told customers it had healthpreserving qualities, food safety officials say. Uproar as India ans' porn sites Thousands of Israelis rallied Saturday night in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem against incitement and violence, following attacks by Jewish extremists targeting Palestinians and homosexuals Australian speaker of the house, Bronwyn Bishop, forced to resign after a lengthy expenses scandal. 'Heat Dome' In Iran Sees Heat Index Of 165 Fahrenheit, Nearing World Record 800 top athletes suspected of doping Israeli President Rivlin receives death threats from Jewish extremists following his plea for peace in light of Palestinian baby's murder An Australian coal mine that was bought for $624 million three years ago has just been sold for $1 Two Turkish security troops killed and 24 wounded in suicide attack by Kurdish PKK militants  governor's office Africa wealth report 2015 rich get richer even as poverty and inequality deepen China to expand medical insurance in bid to reform healthcare | President Xi Jinpings government unveils latest step in plan to deliver universal affordable treatment to population of 1.4 billion people Hackers find vulnerabilities in Industrial Ethernet Switches used in hydroelectric dams, nuclear power plants Brazils resettlement of farmers has driven Amazon deforestation  Over 1 million people given land to farm in the Amazon since 1970s. Turns out, govt still organizing largescale migration of farmers who've been wrecking the rainforest. Calais migrant crisis UK and France urge EU action Media coverage of terrorism leads to further violence Puerto Rico will default Canada election 2015 Stephen Harper confirms start of 11week federal campaign  Politics ISIS offshoot leader killed in shootout with Egyptian armed forces Volcano in Papua New Guinea Fires Off a 12MileHigh Plume Thousands of civilians in South Sudan's Upper Nile state face starvation after the government blocked aid groups from using the Nile River to deliver relief food. Syrian Kurds Accuse Turkey Of Attacks, Ask U.S. For Explanation