 Japan lowers voting age from 20 to 18. Sepp Blatter resigns. Calls for new election. US Officials announce Sepp Blatter under investigation for corruption Malaysian flight 17 downed by missile, says Russian maker of Buk air defence missile system English test should be mandatory for people wanting citizenship in Australia, says government MP Dairy giant Saputo to refuse milk from farmers who mistreat animals; one of largest dairies in world INTERPOL issues red notices for six former FIFA officials Obama World does not believe Israel serious about twostate solution Fracking is facing resistance in the UK, Germany has placed moratorium on it and there's no way it will take place in France. According to the International Gas Union president, there will be no USstyle shale gas revolution in Europe Edward Snowden Becoming an 'international fugitive' was worth it, claims NSA whistleblower | American says bringing the activities of global spy agencies to the public's attention has een a great experience' that he is 'actually quite grateful for' CIA sex abuse and torture went beyond Senate report disclosures, detainee says India's Minister for Earth Sciences Its not just another unusually hot summer, it is climate change. Let us not fool ourselves that there is no connection between the unusual number of deaths from the ongoing heat wave and the certainty of another failed monsoon. New photos of Kim Jong Un show dictator's weight gain, raise health concerns 10 more billionaires join BuffettGates Giving Pledge Diphtheria Returns To Spain For Lack of Vaccination South Korea says it has successfully testfired two domestically built ballistic missiles that can hit all of North Korea. Russianbacked militants launched a major attack on the town of Marinka west of Donetsk at dawn on Wednesday, in one of the most serious outbreaks of fighting in eastern Ukraine since a ceasefire was supposed to have come into effect there on February 15. I'd consider assisted suicide if I become a burden to my loved ones, says Professor Stephen Hawking Three doctors of Doctors Without Border and a pilot were killed in a helicopter crash in Nepal, while they were on a relief mission Fully dressed and preserved 350yearold corpse of French noblewoman found Calls grow for full fossil fuel reckoning. From the International Monetary Fund to doctors, voices calling out the fossil fuel industry over its health costs are becoming louder  and more numerous. Odds of Qatar Hosting the World Cup Slashed After Blatter's Resignation Kurds, again, not invited to antiISIS conference in Paris, France Nephew of King Felipe shoutingYou shut up, you f***ing chino at theme park after trying to jump queue Fearing Repeat of Crimea, Baltic States Prepare for 'Hybrid War' With Russia US Official Over 10,000 ISIS fighters killed in nine months but they have all been replaced. IKEA, the world's biggest furniture retailer, plans to spend 1 billion euros ($1.13 billion) on renewable energy and steps to help poor nations cope with climate change, the latest example of firms upstaging governments in efforts to slow warming. Erdogan seeks life sentence against editor for video of Turkey smuggling arms to Syrian rebels Fifa corruption England 'ready to host 2022 World Cup' Myanmar passes law to order women to wait three years between births as population control effort Jack Warner goes rogue, says he will release documents and checks detailing FIFA corruption WikiLeaks reveals new trade secrets | Highly sensitive details of the negotiations over the littleknown Trades in Services Agreement (TiSA) published by WikiLeaks U.S. President Barack Obama Defends TransPacific Partnership, Suggests China May Join Ukraine's Poroshenko warns of 'fullscale' Russia invasion Former Fifa official Chuck Blazer admits accepting bribes for France and South Africa World Cups in New York court Almost a year after eliminating polio, India declared free of maternal and neonatal tetanus India suspends sending workers to Saudi Arabia Pulp & paper giant, April, to stop clearing Indonesia's rainforests 4 yrs earlier than planned  Firm announced it'd halted harvesting of all natural forest as of May 15 & will only use supplies from its own plantations. This moves forward its goal to end rainforest clearance by 2019. Bans on legal highs will drive booming trade underground, drug experts warn  EU agency report says market is growing rapidly, with 2 new substances a week being identified, & is increasingly hard to control Plutos moons have been tracked closely for the first time, showing that they tumble unpredictably rather than keeping one face fixed on their host planet. Astronomers also observed that Pluto, whose status was downgraded to a dwarf planet in 2006, might be better regarded as a binary dwarf More than 700 schools, from kindergartens to colleges, have shut in response to public fears over what has become the largest outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome (Mers) outside Saudi Arabia. Canadians are stealing U.S. Netflix content, says head of largest media provider Bell Italy arrests 44 tied to Rome's mafia garbage king Ecuador to Carry out Historic Audit of Chevron's Operations Israel military, contradicting Netanyahu, optimistic about Iran nuclear deal, says reduces threat from Iran To protest the new mandatory army draft, Lithuanians photograph drafted men crying Air Force bombs ISIS HQ after terrorist posts selfie online UK members of parliament mount legal challenge to surveillance laws, claiming breach of human rights Orange says it plans to terminate contract with brand partner in Israel Merkel's New Instagram Account Gets Swamped By Russian Abuse Navy halts live fire explosive exercises off Vancouver Island after being alerted to a pod of Orcas, including 3 calves, in vicinity; praised for being responsive The Red Cross has defended its work in Haiti following a devastating earthquake five years ago after a media investigation found it had only built six houses despite raising nearly half a billion dollars in donations. Germany sent rocketpropelled grenades to Saudi Arabia to swing 2006 FIFA World Cup vote Finnish Customs seize ISISlooted treasures en route to Russia Trade agreements like TiSA, TPP and TTIP will sideline national laws Wikileaks | Wikileaks has warned that gov'ts negotiating a farreaching global service agreement are 'surrendering a large part of their global sovereignty' and exacerbating the social inequality of poorer countries in the process Mars One admits it has only received 4,227 completed applications, not 200,000 Snowden balance of power has shifted as people defy government surveillance | Whistleblower says profound difference has occurred over past two years after leaking of NSA documents as public demands privacy Ontario Bans Conversion Therapy For LGBT Kids Israel slams Swiss funding of NGO's exhibit whose members are veteran combatants who testify about the abuses they have seen or taken part in during their military service in the occupied Palestinian territories The department that delivers programs for Canada's indigenous people has held back more than $1 billion in promised spending for social services over the last five years. Malala Yousafzai attack 8 of 10 reportedly convicted were actually released, police say Chinese hackers breach US federal governments personnel office Justice in Pakistan The government is hanging people left, right and centre A federal judge has struck down Guam's ban on gay marriage, making it the first U.S. territory to recognize samesex marriages. FIFA Paid Ireland Not to Protest Costly Hand Ball Israel doubles water supplies to Gaza, also to increase water to Palestinian west bank and Jordan Poll More than 50% of Israeli youth identify as rightwing, less than 30% willing to condemn attacks against Arabs 2,700year old tomb of Hebrew prophet, guarded by Assyrian Christians, in danger from ISIS WikiLeaks Publishes Secret TISA Trade Documents Argentina's President Cristina Fernandez becomes first headofstate to have meeting with Edward Snowden, doing so secretly around the time of her official visit to Russia Saudis consider Iran  not Israel  their top enemy, study finds Global warming has not stopped or even slowed in the past 18 years, according to a new US government study that rebuts doubters who have claimed that heating trends have paused 50 Militants Attacked Army Convoy in India, Used USMade Rocket Launcher, Say Sources Australian native mammals to be reintroduced to NSW after 100 yrs  Designated national parks will be fenced off and feral animals exterminated to allow Bilbys, Numbats, & Western Barred Bandicoots to flourish Bolivia opens up national parks to oil and gas firms More than twothirds of the Humvees the US supplied to Iraq to fight terrorists have ended up in the hands of Islamic State militants Norways $890 billion governmentpension fund, considered the largest sovereignwealth fund in the world, will sell off many of its investments related to coal, making it the biggest institution to join a growing international movement to abandon at least some fossilfuel stocks. Sepp Blatter will be arrested and forced out of Fifa in a 'couple of months', says Greg Dyke Faith Leaders To Obama Give Women Raped By ISIS Access To Safe Abortions  They're asking him to allow US to fund access to safe abortions for women & girls raped in foreign conflict zones, especially those forcibly impregnated by terrorist groups such as ISIS & Boko Haram. Egypt Confirms Top FIFA Official Demanded Bribe for 2010 World Cup Russia would attack NATO only in mad persons dream  Putin Turkey's Erdogan says he moved into lavish 1,150room palace because of 'cockroaches' Bangladesh and India are to sign a historic agreement to simplify their border by exchanging more than 150 enclaves of land. Kurds, in need of supplies, are starting to panic in war against ISIS. With a series of major hacks, China builds a database on Americans Carbon emissions from Australia's main electricity network have jumped by an annual rate of 5.2 million tonnes since the Abbott government scrapped the carbon price in July last year, according to new report. Pope Francis says the world is beset by an atmosphere of war and attacked those who are guilty of inciting and fomenting it Many conflicts across the planet amount to a kind of third world war being fought piecemeal and, in the context of global communications, we sense an atmosphere of war, Two explosions hit Kurdish political rally in Turkey Clinton Foundation received money to ease Iran sanctions  Report Thousands of protesters marched through Honduras's capital demanding the resignation of President Juan Orlando Hernandez over a corruption scandal that has seen growing calls for him to quit Deutsche Bank is looking into possible money laundering transactions by some of its clients in Russia which could exceed $6 billion Russian Oil Billionaire Invests $450 Million in Solar Projects to Aid the Countrys Grid Study warns African population will rise sharply. African population will increase to 1.6 billion by 2030 and will double by 2050 Scientists suspect that poor hospital ventilation may have contributed to the rapid spread of MERS in Korea. The eldest son of Zimbabwe's first lady Grace Mugabe has been convicted of manslaughter and fined $800 Thousands of demonstrators marched in the German resort town of GarmischPartenkirchen on Saturday to protest against a meeting of leaders from the Group of Seven (G7) industrial nations that starts on Sunday at a nearby luxury hotel The US is moving towards restoring full military ties with Egypt and president Abdel Fattah El Sisi Saudi Arabia Shoots Down Scud Missile Fired From Yemen Hamas member killed in tunnel collapse near Israeli border  Terror group says incident occured during resistancerelated activities'; two others moderately injured U.S. Congress Should Have No Part In International Climate Deal, French Foreign Minister Says. Swedish observers witness electon fraud in Turkey, thrown out of polling stations and threatened with weapons FIFA corruption scandal Morocco, not South Africa, allegedly won 2010 World Cup vote A group of western tourists who stripped naked at the peak of Mount Kinabalu last month will be prohibited from leaving Malaysia, as their act of disrespecting the mountain could have caused the devastating earthquake that killed at least 13 people. China boat death toll exceeds 400, victims mourned. Jury Acquits ExBP Exec Of Lying In Oil Spill Putin Sends Message to the West I would like to say  there's no need to be afraid of Russia.... The world has changed so much that people in their right mind cannot imagine such a large military conflict today. Poland warns David Cameron not to fool voters that they can keep all the goodies and forget about the costs in EU referendum Smoking weed has halved in the UK 'Execution' of lawyer kills hope that residents can defeat Mafia. The brutal killing on 29 May of Mario Piccolino, in his office in Formia, south of Rome, has dashed such hopes. Piccolino, 71, was a lawyer with mobsters and corrupt officials in his sights. Israeli Generals Back Nuclear Deal With Iran  Split With Netanyahu Mexico to vote amid violence, discontent with democracy Turkey votes in crucial election Turks are voting in a general election on Sunday which will determine whether the ruling party can change the constitution Saudi Arabia's supreme court has upheld the sentence of 1,000 lashes and 10 years imprisonment on blogger Raif Badawi, despite a foreign outcry. Amazon stops selling ISIS magazine Dabiq What's giving bees dementia? Iran deploys 15,000 troops to support Assad in Syria FIFA email connects Sepp Blatter to $10M, newspaper claims Ancient gold trade route discovered Paraguay will invest extra $125 million dollars in the Program for the Development of Science and Technology Germany deploys 22,000 police officers at G7 venue A Japanese domestic flight was forced to make an emergency landing after white haze was seen in the Boeing's cockpit Korean Air Force member at U.S. base has MERS Opposition wins Guyana elections The victory ended 23 years of ruling party governments in one of the poorest countries in South America Copies of Islamic State's Englishlanguage propaganda magazine, Dabiq, are available to buy on the website of online retailer Amazon, it has emerged. Nestle India spends 23 times more on advertising than on quality testing For the first time in Mexican history, a state will be governed by an independent candidate, without any party support. Ed Snowden should be pardoned, thunders Amnesty International UK | Campaign launched to get Obama to drop espionage charges G7 leaders agree to phase out fossil fuel use by end of century Vladimir Putin I invite you to publish a world map and mark all the U.S. military bases on it. You will see the difference (between Russia and the U.S.). Saudi Arabia hosts UNbacked summit on religious discrimination while they sentence a blogger for insulting Islam One of the naked tourists accused of causing Malaysian earthquake doubles down with F**k your culture statement Billionaire Cartier Owner Sees Wealth Gap Fueling Social Unrest We cannot have 0.1 percent of 0.1 percent taking all the spoils, said Rupert, who has a fortune worth $7.5 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Its unfair and it is not sustainable. Turkey ruling AKP 'loses majority' Scientists show future events decide what happens in the past  An experiment by Australian scientists has proven that what happens to particles in the past is only decided when they are observed and measured in the future. Until such time, reality is just an abstraction. Russia And Qatar Could Lose World Cup If Investigation Finds Votes Were Bought Three Armenians Elected to Turkeys Parliament NASA Pluto's Moons Are 'Tumbling In Absolute Chaos' First time ever Scientists use WiFi signals to power camera without battery Oscar Pistorius set to be released in August after serving just 10 months for shooting his girlfriend Iraq takes back city from ISIS Joy as Turkish election result puts proKurdish party into parliament Diphtheria bacteria detected in eight children in Girona who came in contacted with unvaccinated child who developed the disease, all were vaccinated and have not developed symptoms. Parents of the ill boy feel tricked by antivaccination groups in first such case in Spain since 1987. The Most Popular Eating Banana Might Soon Go Extinct  The Cavendish banana is succumbing to a disease that wiped out its predecessor About half of live dolphins caught in the Japanese coastal town of Taiji were exported to China and other countries despite global criticism of the hunting technique used. MERS outbreak 2,300plus quarantined; 1,300 schools closed in South Korea Luxembourg rejects foreigner voting rights (87,2% against) despite 46% foreign population A new study says that Israelis and Palestinians would gain billions of dollars from peace Dual citizens, immigrants could lose Canadian citizenship under new law Hungary has become the first European country to sign a cooperation agreement for China's new Silk Road initiative to develop trade and transport infrastructure across Asia and beyond. POLITICS  Turkeys Christian minority sends four deputies to parliament British 'worldrecord sniper' says he can still see and smell the people he killed in his nightmares  Sgt Craig Harrison holds the longest confirmed sniper kill but developed posttraumatic stress disorder after his deployment in the Balkans Nazi sympathiser and former King of England, the Duke of Windsor, 'wanted England bombed', archives reveal A Syrian pilot who did not want to be captured alive by Isis killed himself after he landed in an Isis held area. It is believed that the 29year wanted to avoid the fate of the Jordanian pilot, who was captured by Isis and then burned alive. Obama lambasts Putin you're wrecking Russia to recreate Soviet empire 75 millionyearold dinosaur blood and collagen discovered in fossil fragments Fifa crisis Jack Warner stole Haiti earthquake relief money China has told Israel it will not allow migrant builders to work on settlements in the occupied West Bank A Yemeni man whose relatives were killed in a U.S. drone strike nearly three years ago filed a lawsuit against the U.S. government Monday, seeking a declaration from a federal court in Washington, D.C. that the raid was unlawful. First Ocean Plastic Garbage Collector to Be Deployed in 2016 Obama lawyers asked secret court to ignore public court's decision on spying The worlds first artificial leg capable of simulating the feelings of a real limb and fighting phantom pain was unveiled by researchers in Vienna on Monday. Water cannon producers stock dips after Turkeys ruling AKP loses majority In a historic shift, Turks elect Yazidis, Armenians and Roma candidates to parliament. After large public protest New Zealand Minister of Internal Affairs approves a one off use of medicinal marijuana for dying teen as a last resort. Saudi lashing sentence for blogger 'medieval' Swedish FM My opinion is that it's a medieval sentence. It's a medieval method that does not have its place in a society that allows a free media and allows people to express their point of view, Wallstrom told Swedish Radio in Brussels. World's Richest Countries Decide to Take It Slow on Climate Change WHO To Avoid MERS, Dont Drink Camel Urine Belgium with help from US authorities arrests 16 in terror raid triggered by whatsapp messages Nigerian Senate sets age of consent at 11 years old A Light Projection Has Recreated Afghanistan's Destroyed Bamiyan Buddhas. A light projection has been used to shine an image of Buddha onto a cliff in Bamiyan in Afghanistan, where towering sandstone statues of Buddha were destroyed by the Taliban in 2001. 73% of Japanese say South Korea untrustworthy The World Bank wants all corporate bidders on bankfunded projects to publicly reveal their true owners as a way of tackling fraud and cronyism in government contracts. The US does not yet have a complete strategy for helping Iraq regain territory from Islamic State (IS), President Barack Obama has said. 'Germany saw dramatic increase in antiSemitic, antiIsrael crimes in 2014' Hamas Armed resistance not negotiable in struggle against Israel Members of a U.N. peacekeeping mission engaged in transactional sex with more than 225 Haitian women who said they needed to do so to obtain things like food and medication, a sign that sexual exploitation remains significantly underreported in such missions History Has Been Made. Female Genital Mutilation Banned In Nigeria. IMF data shows Iceland's economy recovered after it imprisoned bankers and let banks go bust  instead of bailing them out 'The biggest leak in Polish history'. Thousands of pages of top secret documents from 'the tapes affair' published on Facebook by a Polish businessman relentlessly fighting with corrupt authorities. Richard Branson grants new fathers at Virgin up to 12 months paternity on full pay European Parliament TTIP vote cancelled because of huge public pressure. Canadian Spy Bill C51 passed by Senate, despite widespread public opposition Humans to have sex in space for the first time Saudi Arabia is to lift laws that ban women from travelling without a man's permission Ontario first in North America to curb beekilling neonicotinoid pesticides Australian and New Zealand medicine to cost more and healthcare will suffer under TPP, according to Wikileaks documents In 1951, 22 Inuit children were taken from their homes by the Danish government in order to serve in a social experiment. Decades later, they demand the apology they were never given. Isis's dirty bomb Jihadists have seized 'enough radioactive material to build their first WMD' In a major shift of strategy in Iraq, the Obama administration is planning to establish a new military base in Anbar Province and send hundreds of additional American military trainers to help Iraqi forces retake the city of Ramadi and repel the Islamic State. The Secretive Bilderberg Group is bringing together the world's financial and political elite this week NASA released a ton of data to help developing nations prepare for global warming Amnesty International Calls on Obama to Drop Charges Against Edward Snowden Fake Mobile Phone Towers Operating In The UK Glitch at the International Space Station on Tuesday caused its position in orbit to change 'Overstretched' Russian air force suffers three crashes in five days Ban women from male labs because they are too distracting and cry when criticised, says Nobel prize winner Sir Tim Hunt FIFA Suspends 2026 World Cup Bid Process Poll finds half of Gazans want to leave...dissappointed with Hamas Chimpanzees found to drink alcoholic plant sap in wild UK oil firm 'paid Congolese officer who offered bribe to Virunga park ranger'  Leaked documents appear to show Soco paid $42,000 to officer who was filmed offering bribes to opponents of oil exploration in DRC national park Medical marijuana legal in all forms, Supreme Court rules (Canada) Elon Musk's SpaceX Plans To Launch 4,000 Satellites, Broadcasting Internet To Entire World Global Diabetes Rates Are Rising as Obesity Spreads Extramarital sex isn't adultery so long as you've paid for it, Japanese court rules Rupert Murdoch is getting ready to step down as the CEO of 21st Century Fox Isis's deadliest atrocity 600 bodies confirmed found following 'worst massacrey jihadists Under Kim Jong Un, North Korea Faces Historic Famine As Drought Threatens Crop Production Corpse Elected Mayor in Mexico  A Dead Man Wins in Cartel Country Enrique Hernndez fought the lawless& the lawbefore he was shot to death at a campaign rally last month. But he wins election from the grave. Islamic State (IS) fighters have been targeted by other radical Islamist groups in Libya who have now declared a jihad against the extremist group. With less than 500 dollars and an Internetpowered campaign, 25yearold Mexican Pedro Kumamoto tapped into discontent with corruptionplagued political parties and makes history as the first independent candidate in Mexico to win an election by popular vote. Russia is no longer strategic partner of European Union, say Members of the European Parliament (resolution passed by 494 votes to 135, with 69 abstentions) Australian PM actively trying to reduce growth in renewable energy sector and limit wind farms Leaked trade deal terms prompt fears for Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme  Documents on the TransPacific Partnership revealed by Wikileaks have revealed draft rules for medicines provided by national health care schemes Tony Abbott agrees windfarms may have potential health impacts  Bill Shorten accuses PM of hurting investment in renewables as Abbott says his government is working to reduce the number of visually awful turbines North American scientists call for end to tar sands mining Fake Mobile Phone Towers Found To Be Actively Listening In On Calls In UK Turkish President Erdogan''Western countries are backing Syrian Kurds, but they are Terrorists'' Bid to block US military plans to turn Pacific islands into simulated war zone Spanish government to tax consumers who store their own renewable energy Americans and Canadians, it says, were the only nationalities surveyed in which more than half of those polled believed that their country should take military action if Russia attacked a NATO ally. Azerbaijan bans The Guardian and other news outlets from reporting on Baku European Games TTIP vote postponed as European Parliament descends into panic over trade deal reuters Saudi Arabia ready to raise oil output further to meet demand Ancient Church Uncovered During Highway Project in Israel 600 bodies exhumed at ISIL massacre site Newlysurfaced video footage corroborates widespread assertions that the Turkish government's intelligence agency has been ensuring ISIL terrorists safe passage into Syria France gives Google 15 days to expand righttobeforgotten worldwide or face sanctions In a study of more than 5.7 million children in 5 countries, Autism was found to be linked to parental age. As currency dies, Zimbabweans will get $5 for 175 quadrillion local dollars An Indian journalist who linked an official to corruption died of burns. On his deathbed, he said the official's associates and police officers had set him on fire. The U.N. surprises everyone with a breakthrough deal to slow deforestation Over 90% of the world's population wants zero carbon emissions ... more than 9 out of 10 people on planet Earth think we should stop burning the oil, gas and coal that have helped boost global temperatures to dangerous record highs. Nobel laureate Satyarthi says up to 500,000 child soldiers worldwide When I read that a fiveyearold child is given a gun to kill an opponent of a militia group in Iraq... and the child could not handle that gun, he was buried alive... That makes me angry. I think this should make you all angry, Tony Abbott brags that he halted the spread of 'visually awful' wind farms INTERPOL suspends agreement with FIFA after receiving a 20 mil donation in 2011 Pope Francis 'Let us modify our relationship with natural resources'. People must change their lifestyles and attitudes to help defeat hunger, Pope Francis said Thursday (June 11), a hint of what may be coming in his muchanticipated environmental encyclical next week. New Charges of Climate Skeptics Undisclosed Ties to Energy Industry Highlight Journals Role as Gatekeeper. Soon accepted money from ExxonMobil Corp., the American Petroleum Institute, the Charles G. Koch Foundation and Southern Co., one of the largest electric utility companies in the US Polar bears are seen eating dolphins for the first time as climate change pushes species north Solar power passes 1% global threshold Well over 100,000 people celebrate Tel Aviv Gay Pride Parade, regions biggest Climate sceptic researcher investigated over funding from fossil fuel firms  Willie Soon from HarvardSmithsonian Center for Astrophysics probed over failure to disclose more than $1.2m from energy industry when submitting articles The Worst of All Horrors | Psychologists in Iraq, a country long afflicted by violence, say theyve never seen more terrible trauma than that caused by the Islamic State. 'Profits over public health' Secret TPP Healthcare Annex published by WikiLeaks Germany drops probe into U.S. spying on Merkel Malaysia Airlines plane fire forces emergency landing 175 Quadrillion Zimbabwean Dollars Now Equals $5 Saudi blogger Raif Badawi sentence 'a slow death', says wife Hizbollah declares war on ISIL The Shiite militant group has been fighting Al Qaedalinked Jabhat Al Nusra and allied rebel groups for more than a month along the border between Lebanon and Syria, but its declaration of war with ISIL opens up a new front Dozens of new Ebola cases reported in West Africa The Israeli military has cleared itself of culpability in one of the most controversial incidents in last summers Gaza war a missile attack that killed four children on Gaza beach and injured a number of others. The Turkish Government is providing electricity to ISIS in the Syrian town of Tel Abyad, which is occupied by the Islamic State Island Nation Burns Boats to Deter Illegal Fishing  The president of Palau decries those who are raping our marine environment. In a fiery crackdown on illegal fishing burned a cluster of Vietnamese fishing boats off their coast Thursday, sending black smoke up flames over turquoise water. China has vowed to phase out domestic Ivory market and Crack down online ivory trade. The Obama administration is expected to announce an agreement with Cuba in early July to reopen embassies and restore diplomatic relations severed more than five decades ago Three of the poorest, most violent Central American countries want $20 billion over the coming years to lift their economies with new roads and better education to curb illegal migration into the United States. Pentagon Price tag for war on ISIS is $2.7 billion Saudi pages on 9/11 report appear blank White House Weighs Sanctions After Second Breach of a Computer System U.S. 'recognizes' N. Korea as nuclear weapon state North's media More Europeans settling in Latin America than Latin Americans in Europe Euro Slides Vs Dollar as Merkel Bemoans Currencys Strength. A toostrong euro makes it tougher for countries like Portugal, Spain, Ireland, but especially Spain and Portugal, to harvest the fruits of their economic reforms, especially in terms of exports, Merkel said Scuffles broke out at the end of the first day of a landmark pollution trial in China on Friday as families who sued a chemical plant over high levels of lead in the blood of their children confronted lawyers representing the company. New planet, discovered by 15yearold intern Latvia arrests two Russians for entering military base Worlds First Successful Penis Transplant Patient to Become a Father Australian PM Abbott on accusations of border guards bribing immigrant asylum ship captains to return home, What we do is stop the boats by hook or by crook,. Egypt temporarily opens Gaza border crossing in sign of thaw with Hamas Australia would have stooped to a new low if reports that its navy paid peoplesmugglers bound for Australia thousands of dollars to turn back their boat are true, an Indonesian government official said on Saturday. Malaysia to free British tourist over naked mountain pose The U.S. House of Representatives blocked legislation to fasttrack trade bill despite lastminute plea from Obama Chinese Hackers Stole Security Clearance DocumentsFilled with Deeply Private Datafor Soldiers and Spies Pope Francis will call for an ethical and economic revolution to prevent catastrophic climate change and growing inequality A Torture Survivor Drew These Pictures To Describe The Hell Eritrea Has Become Canadian hacker, 22, gets 18 months in prison over US trade secrets theft Saudi blogger lawyer wins human rights prize Philae comet lander wakes up [After 7 months] Russia and China break encryption to gain access to NSA leaked files Tigers, lions, wolves and bears are feared to be on the loose in Georgias capital amid chaotic scenes brought by devastating floods that have reportedly killed eight people Italy threatens to 'hurt' Europe if no help with migrants Germany says Europe is losing patience with Greece The historic Christian Syrian town of Maalula celebrated Saturday as a new statue of the Virgin Mary was erected in its centre, replacing the figure destroyed in rebel attacks in 2013. Turkish border troops block Syrian masses fleeing ISIS  Water canons, warnings shots fired to turn back thousands seeking to escape fighting between Islamic State and Kurdish rebels The New Zealand Defence Force has announced it will ban sugary fizzy drinks and deep fried food after official figures released show thousands of personnel tipping the scales at obese or 'severely obese' levels. Indias Railway Coaches Are Testing Solar Panels To Cut Fuel Emissions And Create Massive Amounts Of Energy Sepp Blatter reconsidering resignation from FIFA presidency  report U.N. Tightens Noose on U.N. Rights Official Who Exposed Abuses. U.N. expand investigation into veteran U.N. human rights official who disclosed abuses against children in the Central African Republic U.S. appeals court strikes down Guantanamo conviction of bin Laden spokesman; Of the 8 convictions by Guantanamo military commissions, 4 have now been fully reversed European space chief suggests making room for India, China on station Thousands march in Warsaw parade showing growing public support for gay rights in Poland Germany drops investigation into claims the NSA tapped Angela Merkel's phone | The Verge Siberia registers its warmest recorded spring sparking new fears for rapid climate change China Launches First HarbinHamburg Freight Train The ChinaMongoliaRussia corridor is the biggest one among the six land corridors along the Silk Road Economic Belt It's expected the line is going to carry some 4billion yuan worth of freight every year. Britain pulls out spies as Russia, China crack Snowden files U.S. Poised to Put Heavy Weaponry in East Europe Theresa May keeps snoopers charter secret | Home secretary under fire for extraordinary refusal to share surveillance plans amid fears government will steamroller law through parliament Last legs the species with only a few remaining individuals  graphic The rate of animal extinction has rocketed in the past halfcentury, as hundreds  possibly thousands  of species disappear each year. Our graphic indicates some of the species whose numbers have dwindled to a vulnerable few. An Argentine federal oral court yesterday convicted the first judge for crimes against humanity committed during the 19761983 dictatorship Prominent leader of ISIS detained by Egyptian army in Sinai Erdogan says troubled by Kurdish advance in northern Syria U.S. plans to store heavy arms in Baltic, E.Europe Just minutes ago, a North Korean soldier walked across the border within the DMZ to defect to South Korea France bans sale of Monsanto herbicide Roundup in nurseries With Little Fanfare, Mexican Supreme Court Legalizes SameSex Marriage Senior diplomat dismisses claims that Snowden docs contained agents' names Rule no.1 in both the CIA and MI6 is that identities are never, ever written down. Stocks all over the world are dropping after Greek crisis talks fell apart in 45 minutes Journalists slam article claiming Russia, China cracked Edward Snowden files. Reporters who worked with classified documents say Sunday Times piece is full of falsehoods. Russia says will retaliate if U.S. weapons stationed on its borders North Korea is planting landmines on its border to prevent its own soldiers from fleeing the country Ireland to remove 1c and 2c coins from circulation US and China sign an army cooperation agreement. US invites China to take part in joint military exercises. Scientists say pope may be the key player on climate change President Omar Hassan alBashir of Sudan, who faced arrest on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide, appeared to have slipped out of South Africa on Monday morning, dealing a serious blow to the International Criminal Courts sixyear campaign to bring him to justice. Erdoans friendly chat with mob boss at wedding sparks outrage Israeli govt approves force feeding bill, says prisoner hunger strike is a suicide terrorist attack against Israel It's Official SpaceX Is Building Elon Musk's Hyperloop Chinas Stock Market Value Tops $10 Trillion for First Time Mexico Court Effectively Legalizes Same Sex Marriage North Korea confirms Defense Minister Hyon Yong Chol's execution for napping during Kim Jong Un meeting North Korea Has Turned Off 3G Networks For Foreign Visitors Putin upsets Erdoan by making him wait for meeting Report Huge fire engulfs France basilica Israel refuses entry to UN investigator reporting on human rights in the Palestinian territories Asylum seekers face increasing violence in Germany   Antiimmigrant sentiment is growing in Germany, where refugee housing is burned & asylum seekers are attacked Taliban shadow governor among 15 killed in NATO airstrike 'Poshness testslock workingclass applicants at top companies Study of recruitment processes at elite law, accountancy and financial firms found that 70% of jobs went to applicants from private or selective schools A rising tide does not lift all boats IMF study shows wealth does not 'trickledown' as many economists believe. IMF recommends countries should concentrate on helping the poorest 20% of citizens. Millionaires are expected to control nearly half of the world's personal wealth by 2019 Israel accused of 'war crime' over bulldozing of Palestinian olive groves. They didnt leave me anything, said Sabri Manasra, who said he and a cousin had lost 800 trees. This is damage no one will forget, not my children, or my childrens children. I dont understand how people can do this. A police force has defended scanning the faces of 90,000 festivalgoers this weekend and checking them against a list of wanted criminals across Europe. 16 year old blogger Amos Yee, jailed in Singapore for criticising the government is now the world's youngest prisoner of conscience Edward Snowden 'smeared by UK officials' Accused of publishing government propaganda against NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, the Sunday Times is using copyright to hit back at its strongest critic. South Korea to install monitoring app in teenagers phones to block access to undesirable sites. Russia will add 40 ballistic missiles to nuclear arsenal in 2015  Putin More than 40 new intercontinental ballistic missiles able to overcome even the most technically advanced antimissile defence systems will be added to the makeup of the nuclear arsenal this year, Bored London man pranks ISIS. Israeli archaeologists have discovered a rare 3,000yearold inscription of a name mentioned in the Bible. They said Tuesday it is the first time the name was discovered in an ancient inscription. It is one of only four inscriptions discovered from the biblical 10th century B.C. Kingdom of Judah Russia's 'Microwave Gun' Can Disable Drones, Warheads Up To 6 Miles Away, Official Says Italy discovers biggest illegal waste dump in Europe 'Call me The Shadow, not Bromley Batman' anonymous London vigilante comes forward A 15yrold UK schoolboy has discovered a new planet Lithuania and Poland are preparing to host US heavy arms as part of an American plan that could see the US station military equipment in Central and Eastern Europe for the first time despite opposition from Russia. Gap between rich and poor in advanced economies at its highest level in decades. Pay lowincome families more to boost economic growth, says IMF  Study indicates stagnating incomes of the poor and middle classes could have been instrumental in the financial crisis Zimbabwe ditches its currency Z$35 quadrillion is now worth US$1 Kurdish fighters cut key supply line to Islamic State capital Raqqa Egypt Sentences Former President Morsi to Death for Escaping Prison Secretary says Air Force could send F22s to Europe to counter Russia Former FIFA executive Chuck Blazer agreed to go undercover for the US government at FIFA in 2013 to avoid potential 75year sentence Further research into the sophisticated computer virus used to hack into hotels where the Iran nuclear talks took place has found it took advantage of digital credentials stolen from the world's top contract electronics maker Foxconn Vietnam fishermen 'attacked by Chinese boats', say reports WalMart Has $76 Billion in Overseas Tax Havens, Report Says Pope blasts global warming deniers  The poor and the Earth are shouting. The water table is dropping all over the world NASA warns were on the path to global drought The fight is on to stop an annual Chinese event which is expected to involve the slaughter of more than 10,000 dogs, some of whom are burned or boiled alive. Stop eating Nutella & save the forests, urges French ecology minister  Sgolne Royal says Nutella is made using palm oil, which is contributing to deforestation, & urges Ferrero to make the spread with other ingredients Palestinian government to resign within 24 hours Shock European court decision Websites are liable for users comments Robots to 3Dprint world's first continuouslyextruded steel bridge across a canal in Amsterdam, heralding the dawn of automatic construction sites and structural metal printing for public infrastructure The worlds largest underground aquifers  a source of fresh water for hundreds of millions of people  are being depleted at alarming rates, according to new NASA satellite data that provides the most detailed picture yet of vital water reserves hidden under the Earths surface. Snowdens lawyer says he witnessed Snowden destroy his copy of NSA documents before leaving Hong Kong; slams Sunday Times story The Dominican Republic is expelling all Dominicans of Haitian descent who can't prove residency. Child sacrifices continue to rise in Uganda; children are reportedly abducted by witch doctors and others who feel sacrifices will bring them wealth Hezbollah killed the Leader of the Islamic State for Al Qalamoun, Syria. The Taliban Tells the Islamic State to Get the Hell Out of Afghanistan Gay men arrested in Morocco because they 'stood too close to each other' Scientist just created the coldest substance on Earth Diseased fish confirm damage to Great Barrier Reef ecosystem, say scientists  New research into reef confirms sediment from coastal agriculture & industry development, such as the dredging for ports, is having an adverse effect on fish New NASA data show how the world is running out of water Israel makes historic Temple Mount concessions for Ramadan..easing security checks, hundreds of Gaza visitors 4300 Sikh,Hindu Refugees from Afghanistan & Pakistan Get Indian Citizenship As Tensions With U.S. Grow, Beijing Says It Will Stop Building Artificial Islands in South China Sea 'Open Your Eyes' Israel Releases Cartoon Mocking Foreign Correspondents Half of the worlds new power capacity came from renewables last year, with China leading the way Last year, the global economy grew by 3% but emissions stayed flat. This was the first time in at least 40 years that such an outcome has occurred outside economic crisis, the IEA said Swiss investigating 53 cases of possible money laundering at Fifa Prosecute sexual offenders, says UN panel | Nations whose peacekeeping troops commit sexual abuse should be named and shamed, according to a UN panel. Its report also recommends that flouter nations be barred from contributing troops to UN missions. Sweden announces first centre for raped men US says it will not provide food aid to North Korea during its worst drought in 100 years Russia warns of 'risks' should Sweden join Nato A top Russian official has told a leading Swedish newspaper that the country would be likely to face military action if it were to join Nato. Pork sold by several leading British supermarkets found to be contaminated with a strain of superbug MRSA linked to overuse of powerful antibiotics on factory farms  Some develop skin complaints & the bug can cause lifethreatening infections, including pneumonia & blood poisoning Man in Dubai faces $68,000 fine for Swearing on WhatsApp All Systems Go for NASA's Mission to Jupiter Moon Europa  Observations of Europa have provided us with tantalizing clues over the last two decades, and the time has come to seek answers to one of humanity's most profound questions. India Just Upped Its Solar Target FiveFold, Will Install More Solar This Year Than Germany Anonymous responsible for massive cyberattack on Canadian government websites due to the Harper government's controversial bill C51 China, the United States and India were responsible for nearly 80% of global growth in the first three months of the year World Hasnt Had So Many Refugees Since 1945, Report Says Israel Vows to Prevent Massacre of Syrian Druze After Islamist Rebels Surround Village Near Golan Heights Chad Burqa Ban Islamic Face Veils Outlawed In MuslimMajority State Following Boko Haram Suicide Bombings Some African Countries Are Trying to Use Science to Make Homophobic Laws, Now African Scientists are Pushing Back Hungary will build a 4 meter high fence along its border with Serbia to stop illegal migrants 'Highly significant' Spanish Armada cannons discovered off coast of Ireland Fukushima power plant operator 'knew of need to protect against tsunami but did not act' Canadian Government Lambasted for Stifling Science and Dissent British Government dodges Freedom of Information act with automatic 3month deletion of emails $1bn has vanished from three of Moldova's leading banks, much of it passing through UK companies. Honduran soldiers are taking over public hospitals and medicine storage warehouses to guarantee the supply of drugs to patients after a recent fraud and graft scandal rocked the Social Security Institute France seizes the assets of Russian staterun media For the first time in modern history, Asia is now richer than Europe. And it is catching up with North America too; by 2019 Speaker of Greek parliament releases debt committee finding that debt is odious and should not be repaid. Prime minister is ready to say the great no and reject any unfair debt deal EU agrees to extend Russia economic sanctions by six months Hong Kong Legislature Votes Down BeijingBacked Election Plan Germany agreed Thursday to turn more than 60 former military bases into nature preserves, with the aim of creating vast new green oases and sanctuaries for rare species of birds Man falls to his death in London after clinging to British Airways flight for 8,000+ miles; 2nd stowaway in critical condition Mexico to Donald Trump You are one ignorant,' 'prejudiced' hombre  By just declaring his intention to run for president Wednesday, he managed to start a minor spat with Mexico. A Gold Coast police officer who leaked video footage of his colleagues assaulting a handcuffed man could face charges and jail time, civil libertarians say North Korea Claims It Has Cure for MERS, Ebola and AIDS China is utterly and totally dominating solar panels China has emerged as the worlds largest market for solar panels and in 2015 is expected to be home to a quarter of the planets new energy capacity from solar panels, according to a new report from GTM Research TransPacific Partnership? Never heard of it, Canadians tell pollster Canada controversial antiterrorism bill, C51, is now law. Israeli youths arrested after arson attack on Catholic church Saudi Arabia, one the loudest voices against climate change action, blocks drive to tighten global warming cap. Officials Chinese had access to U.S. security clearance data for one year Cuba to offer WiFi at 35 public spaces for the first time Renewable energy in numbers. Wind, solar, hydro and other renewable sources made up 59% of new power generation capacity installed in 2014. Denmark takes a sharp turn to the right after antiimmigration Danish People's Party soars in parliamentary elections, vowing to support Britain's demands for EU reform Three wounded in terrorist shooting attack north of Jerusalem. China stocks plunge as bubble fears grow Jobless Afghan fighters say they were paid by the Iranian government to fight for Syria's President, Bashar alAssad, and promised passports and jobs if they survive. Spain turns its back on the sun. Proposed legislation will stifle smallscale solar and wind energy production, critics warn 300 arrested in global wildlife raids  Seizures include Over 12 tons elephant ivory from Thailand, DRC, Kenya, Singapore, Mozambique & Uganda; 126 rhino horns from Mozambique, Vietnam, Namibia & Kenya; 10,000 dead sea horses, over 400 live turtles & tortoises in UK. Armed Groups Reportedly Raped, Castrated, and Slit the Throats of Children in South Sudan UK Muslims helping jihadis, says Cameron Communities must stop 'quietly condoningarbaric ISIS, PM warns in blunt speech New DNA Results Show Kennewick Man Was Native American  Kennewick Mans genome also sheds new light on how people first spread throughout the New World, experts said. There was no mysterious intrusion of Europeans thousands of years ago. Instead, several waves spread across the New World Euro zone announces emergency summit on Greece as money flees Pakistan suspends death penalty during Ramadan  BBC News Exclusive  Deposit withdrawals surge at Greek banks as debt noose tightens  2bn withdrawn over the past three days WikiLeaks says it's leaking over 500,000 Saudi diplomatic documents, some files already online Terminally ill children in unbearable suffering should be given the right to die, the Dutch Paediatricians Association said on Friday. Bin Ladens son asked US for death certificate Mens rights group barred from Torontos Pride Parade Bruce Schneier I believe that both China and Russia had access to all the files that Snowden took well before Snowden took them because they've penetrated the NSA networks where those files reside. UK's legalization of CD ripping is unlawful, court rules  anyone who transferred music from a purchased CD to an MP3 player was committing an offense Greece Debt Crisis Despair as $1 Billion Withdrawn From Banks in a Day The world is quickly running out of water, new NASA study says Norway denies Snowden entry for freedom prize | Norways government has refused to allow the NSA whistleblower Ed Snowden to cross over the border from Russia to to collect a freedom of speech prize, warning that he may be at risk of arrest. Putin says Harper will change his mind on Russia in G8 if U.S. tells him to South African President plotted with ministers to allow Omar Al Bashir to escape arrest for human rights crimes on an ICC arrest warrant The world is embarking on its sixth mass extinction with animals disappearing about 100 times faster than they used to, scientists warned Friday, and humans could be among the first victims Japan Says Hopes to Resume Whaling Later This Year Japan plans unilateral restart to Antarctic whaling in 2015, says official  A resumption would defy the International Whaling Commission, which says Tokyo has not proven the mammals need to be killed for research China and Russia to build new highspeed railway Russia and China have announced plans to build a new highspeed railway line from Moscow to Kazan. Passengers will be able to travel some 800 kilometres in just three and a half hours Moscow threatens Belgium with reciprocal measures over assets freeze | Russian President Putin has said that Moscow will defend its interests after Belgium and France froze Russian assets. The move comes after a court awarded claimants a record $50 billion over defunct oil company Yukos. Toyota's Top Female Executive Arrested In Japan On Drug Charges The United Nations took a step closer Friday toward crafting a major treaty that would protect marine life beyond territorial waters by passing a resolution at the General Assembly. David Cameron says Britain will accept just 'a few hundred' more Syrian refugees despite 4 million displaced by the war CIA did not know Yemen drone strike would kill alQaeda leader Nasir alWuhayshi WikiLeaks Releases Saudi Diplomatic Cables Revealing Political Intrigue And Lavish Spending BDS movement seeks to empty Israel of Jews, former Spanish Prime Minister says Brazil about to lower prison age Cambodia is training an elite squad of rats, imported from Africa, to sniff out landmines and other unexploded ordnance in the once warwracked kingdom Israel and World Bank sign water tech deal A biotech startup has managed to 3D print fake rhino horns that carry the same genetic fingerprint as the actual horn. The company plans to flood Chinese rhino horn market at oneeighth of the price of the original, undercutting the price poachers can get and forcing them out eventually. Saudi Arabia warns citizens about 'fake' information after Wikileaks release 60,000 secret documents giving an insight into Saudi foreign policy and the behaviour of the royals Conservationists are hoping to prosecute two men who used a whale shark as a surfboard while being towed by a speedboat. Iran's female vice president has launched a furious attack on sanctimonious hardline groups who forced a ban on women spectators during historic USIran volleyball match An estimated 250,000 people have descended on London to take part in a demonstration against government austerity measures. The Somali jihadist group alShabab has launched a major attack in the country's capital Mogadishu. A suicide bomb has exploded near the national intelligence headquarters World Bank to use Israels water expertise in developing nations Israel strikes Lebanon 'to destroy downed drone' Saudi warns citizens against sharing 'faked' documents after Wikileaks release A 62yearold man in Guatemala has received a hero's welcome after a 200km (125mile) march in protest against government corruption Saudi WikiLeaks memo reveals Iran bombed South Sudan Thousands of revelers, newagers and selfstyled Druids descended on the ancient stone circle at Stonehenge on Sunday, catching a brief glimpse of the sun as they marked the summer solstice  the longest day of the year in the northern hemisphere. Egyptian President invites Vatican Pope Francis to Egypt Israeli border policeman stabbed and wounded by an 18 y/o Palestinian at Damascus Gate in Jerusalem Italian prosecutors are seeking to indict 297 people and the Bank of China in connection with a massive moneylaundering investigation Ukrainian President says Ousting of Ex President was Illegal Over 220 Central American migrants were violently attacked in two different instances in Mexico; 160 Feared Dead Death Toll From Tainted Liquor in Mumbai Reaches 94 Thousands of demonstrators march through Berlin over refugees, Greece | Thousands have demonstrated in Berlin for World Refugee Day, while calling for a solution in crisis talks with Greece. Protesters said Europe should adopt a more open and understanding approach to both issues. US official says British government undermined progress on tax avoidance Hundreds of thousands rally in Rome against gay unions Cambodia to start using rats to sniff out landmines scattered throughout country Nauru detention camp guards 'filmed themselves getting sexual favours from refugees' in return for showers and drugs according to a former case manager on the island. India blames heat wave deaths on climate change Islamic State militants plant mines and bombs in Palmyra monitoring group Poaching has reached an alltime high. 96 elephants are killed a day on average. Fracking poses 'significant' risk to humans and should be temporarily banned across EU, says new report A major scientific study says the process uses toxic and carcinogenic chemicals and that an EUwide ban should be issued until safeguards are in place New Zealand scientists voice concern over gagging on climate change. When 40 percent of scientists say they are being gagged and can't speak out on issues of public importance, it's clear evident something is wrong, Labor science and innovation spokesperson David Cunliffe said in a statement. Australian senate passes controversial antipiracy, websiteblocking laws Afghan parliament under attack  BBC News Giant toxic algae bloom off West Coast may be largest everWhat may be the largest toxic algae bloom ever recorded on the West Coast is poisoning sea lions in Washington State and shutting down fisheries as far north as B.C. Spanish town 'Camp Kill Jews' officially changed name Pope asks Why didn't Allies bomb railway lines to Auschwitz? India has trained dozens of German Shepherds to protect its tigers German MP suggests country's army should have enough equipment  a tank battalion with no tanks is not a tank battalion Russia demonstrates first 'microwave gun' that can disable drones and missiles from up to six miles away at Army2015 Thousands of people formed human chains in cities across Spain's wealthy northern Basque Country on Sunday to call for the right to hold a regional referendum on independence Snapshot Sleuthing Confirms Russian Military Presence In Ukraine EU extends sanctions on Russia UK government study Society on course for collapse by 2040. Backed by Lloyds of London study showing possibility of acute disruption to the global food supply. in the near future China has opened a new, safer and more convenient route for Indians undertaking the arduous KailashManasarovar Yatra as the first batch of pilgrims crossed the Indian border and entered Tibet via Nathu La, in the latest confidencebuilding measure between the two neighbours. The United States and its allies won't let Russia drag us back to the past, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in an address in Berlin on Monday, as he accused Moscow of trying to recreate a Sovietera sphere of influence. Australia bans more than 240 games in six months Hamas praises 'heroic' stabbing, but avoids responsibility  18yearold assailant Yasser Tarwa shown on terror groups website brandishing its paraphernalia Chinese woman pays to rescue 100 dogs from meat festival Germany frees alJazeera reporter Ahmed Mansour After 3year hiatus, Egypt appoints new ambassador to Israel Across Europe, protesters call for solidarity with Greece | Brussels and Amsterdam have joined London, France, Germany and Italy in hosting mass rallies in support of cashstrapped Greece. Demonstrators said the financial sector must take responsibility for the damage it caused. Canadian mining company dumps toxic waste into Mexican river While the company has denied the spill is toxic, a state environmental body says the corporation will face fines for contamination. Lithuania hasn't decided on arms supply to Ukraine, prime minister says Doctors have voted overwhelmingly to urge the UK Government to remove health and social care services (the NHS) from a controversial trade agreement between the EU and United States (TTIP) | Doctors warned the deal would open up the health service to privatisation by US firms New Pentagon manual declares journalists can be enemy combatants Isis 'crucifies children for not fasting during Ramadan' in Syria  The extremist group's religious police force is reportedly brutally enforcing fasting for the Muslim holy month in its territories Australian land the size of England hits market for $325 million  the biggest property sale on Earth Conditions So Bad at London Prison, Staff Doesn't Bother Cleaning Bloodstained Cells and Beds Holocaust memorial vandalized two weeks after unveiling in Greece Turkey Reacts Angrily to Belgian Prime Ministers Recognition of Armenian Genocide UK parties paid for fake supporters during general election U.S. data hack may be 4 times larger than the government originally said Google eavesdropping tool installed on computers without permission The Demand for Sand is so High There are Illegal Sand Mining Operations  The clamor for sand is so great, that organized crime has sprung up around sand mining. The sand mafias in India are particularly prevalent. Only certain kinds of sand are sought & mining it causes problems. Kurdish forces announce capture of ISIS military base in Syria Commercial fisherman catches a 6.5 Metre, 3 Tonne Basking Shark; Instead of selling the fins for profit, donates the whole specimen to Melbourne Museum. Egypt army digs trench along Gaza border to prevent smuggling Yulin dog meat festival Woman travels 1,652 miles to save as many dogs as she can. 30 killed at crowded mosque by 2 young female suicide bombers in northeast Nigeria Officer who tazed and killed Polish immigrant in Vancouver airport sentenced to 30 months for perjury and collusion Chiles largest city shuts down as smog causes environmental emergency Authorities have recommended Santiagos 7 million residents avoid outdoor activity, closed 1,300 businesses and ordered 1.7m vehicles off the streets The mighty lion, reclusive cave crabs and the world's rarest sea lion are among nearly 23,000 species at risk of dying out, a top conservation body warned Nearly 700 people have died over past 4 days as a result of Karachi's heatwave 60 million kids live without their parents in China. To thwart and extract hacks from antivirus software companies, the spy agencies reverse engineered software, intercepted email and spied on web traffic. Kaspersky Lab was a major target. The result was potentially a gold mine of exploits. China aims to challenge U.S. air dominance Pentagon  China quickly closing the technological gaps, developing radarevading aircraft, advanced reconnaissance planes, sophisticated missiles and topnotch electronic warfare equipment Afghan Soldier Kills 6 Terrorists, Wins New Apartment Medical technology that could eliminate need for animal testing wins design award | Revolutionary OrgansonChips could change the way pharmaceutical trials are conducted Alberta passes bill banning corporate and union donations to political parties Netherlands ordered by Dutch court to cut greenhouse gas emissions by at least 25% by 2020 in class action suit Most Germans say US doesn't respect freedom Russian 'troll factory' sued for underpayment and labour violations The secretive Russian agency that hires people to write proKremlin propaganda on the web stepped into the public spotlight for the first time on Tuesday as a former employee took it to court Germany marijuana legalization push revives debate over drug policy Dwarf planet Ceres reveals pyramidshaped mystery Renewables to Beat Fossil Fuels With $3.7 Trillion Solar Boom. Renewable energy will draw almost twothirds of the spending on new power plants over the next 25 years, dwarfing spending on fossil fuels, as plunging costs make solar the first choice for consumers and the poorest nations. Council of Europe Calls on U.S. to Let Snowden Have a Fair Trial Canadian cops issue apology after helicopter pilots broadcase over loudspeakers their private discussion about oral sex while flying over city, including Legislative buildings Child poverty figures set to rise in the UK for the first time in ten years, so the government plans to redefine child poverty. Antimonarchy activists want Queen to move out of Buckingham Palace Putins approval ratings hit 89 percent, the highest theyve ever been according to measurements from the Moscowbased Levada Center, the only independent polling organization in Russia. NSA spied on French presidents WikiLeaks The mysterious Russian agency that hires people to write proKremlin propaganda on the web stepped into the public spotlight for the first time Tuesday as a former employee took it to court ISIS blows up ancient shrines in Palmyra, the 2000 yearold heritage site in Syria NATO says won't be dragged into arms race with Russia China puts $6 trillion price tag on its climate plan 800 tonnes Of smuggled meat seized by Chinese Authorities, Including batches dated from the 1970's Israeli High Court 24 settler housing units in Beit El must be razed Pakistani Islamic scholar Tahir ulQadri launches antiISIS curriculum in British mosques and Islamic institutions. Comprehensive study shows there's no difference in children raised by samesex couples Families say gravediggers overcharging after Pakistan heat wave kills at least 749. China arrests smugglers trying to sell frozen meat from the 1970s Egypt demands billions as compensation from Muslim Brotherhood World is on the brink of the longest oil glut in at least 30 years with no end in sight South Korea says it will send aid to North Korea during its worst drought in a century under one condition  just ask for it French taxi drivers lock down Paris in huge antiUber protest Julian Assange on the TransPacific Partnership Secretive Deal Isnt About Trade, But Corporate Control Aidsinfected ISIS fighter is executed for donating blood to fellow fighters TTIP a threat to EU chemical safety standards, German NGO says A Dutch City Will Start Experimenting with Unconditional Basic Income This Summer New Species HairyChested Yeti Crab Found in Antarctica  The deepsea crustacean lives near hydrothermal vents Heat wave kills 1,017 people in Pakistan's Sindh province. Britain just gave the banking license to a bank with no branches and no website  just an app Rotherham child exploitation inquiry councillors among possible suspects. Suspects now stand at 300, possible victims at 1400. Moroccan Director who's film addresses the Muslim countrys sex industry; has been summoned to court, on charges of pornography. New Fatwa Allows Eating During Ramadan as Heat Wave Death Toll Hit 750 Australia slashes its renewable energy target by nearly 20% Mother and infant son found alive five days after plane crash in Colombia Whistleblowers with dual citizenship who speak out on Australias national security  including those involved in allegations that TimorLestes cabinet room was bugged  could face having their citizenship revoked under proposed laws. Germany Beware Putin's Push For Brexit  Vladimir Putin could try to fund antiEU efforts in Britain in an attempt to weaken Europe, a key ally of Angela Merkel warns. Face of bizarre sea creature Hallucigenia revealed  Scientists finally have a complete picture of what 1 of nature's most bizarre animals looked like. Hallucigenia lived 500m yrs ago, but all fossils appeared to be without heads. Zack Davies, a member of neoNazi group National Action, found guilty of attempting to decapitate an Asian man Japan Says It Will Resume Whaling in the Antarctic | VICE News Egypt is holding the highest number of journalists behind bars since record keeping began, using the pretext of national security to crack down on press freedoms, the Committee to Protect Journalists said on Thursday. ISIL reenters Syrian Kurdish town Kobane FINLAND New Government Commits to a Basic Income Experiment Genetically Modified Lamb with Jellyfish Protein Accidentally Sold as Meat in Paris Pakistan only country in the world where majority views Iran positively US Congress passes rare law targeting boycotts of Israel Man beheaded and Islamist flag raised in Grenoble, France Attack On Tourist Hotel In Tunisia Vatican Formally Recognizes Palestinian State by Signing Treaty South Korea tells North Korea it cant have both guns and butter and urges nuclear talks Explosion hits Shia mosque in Kuwait during Friday prayers Over 1,000 killed by Pakistan heat wave There is no space left ... to keep the dead bodies German politicians sound alarm after weedkiller found in breast milk Islamic State kills at least 145 civilians in Syria's Kobani monitor 33,000 Russian soldiers practiced a military takeover of the Baltic Sea and part of Sweden in March this year, a new report shows Sir Tim Hunt's claims that remarks on girls in science were 'not sexist' are backed by leaked EU report India wants to build 100 smart cities. Residents just want water and power. BBC publishes links forgotten by search engines Brazilian police officer caught on camera 'shooting two fallen teenage suspects pointblank' A British NeoNazi Tried To Kill A Sikh Dentist in Revenge for Muslim Attacks Exclusive Saudi Arabia Is Thwarting the Distribution of Emergency UN Aid in Yemen Chinese market selling 40 year old meat. Police discovered 483 million worth in storage. Hackers Stole Secrets of U.S. Government Workers Sex Lives Putin Breaks Silence With Call to Obama Touching on Ukraine and ISIS Yara Sallam, was arrested on june 21, 2014 for protesting against an antiprotest law. Yara is a 29yearold womens human rights defender from Egypt. Sepp Blatter I did not resign  Im not ready for the museum or a waxwork Burundi vice president flees, students break into US embassy Scottish wind farms power almost a million homes in record first quarter. First three months of 2015 saw wind farms produce enough electricity to power 960,000 Scottish households for a year, but subsidy cuts threaten potential, minister warns GCHQ monitored own staff excessively Great Barrier Reef water quality to be monitored in real time in pollution crackdown Canada does not have right weapons to help Ukraine, defence minister reveals Greek bailout extension refused Tunisia will shut down about 80 mosques accused of inciting violence, Prime Minister Habib Essid has said, after a beach attack that left 39 people dead Australian Government Contractors Will Now Go to Jail for Reporting Child Abuse in Detention Centers Unvaccinated Six Year Old Boy Diagnosed With Diphtheria In Catalonia Dies | The Spain Report Seven Kaupthing Bank executives convicted and jailed in Iceland for market manipulation Thousands of angry, torchbearing Hondurans marched on Friday to call for the resignation of President Juan Hernandez and demand an independent probe into one of the worst corruption scandals in the country's history Dutch sue their own government on climate changeand wincourt orders government to action against climate change Greece set to default on loans Police in China's financial hub Shanghai took away at least three busloads of environmental protesters outside the municipal government Saturday, preventing the latest rally that started with a rumor that a petrochemical plant could move into the area 'Majority' Of 38 Tunisia Terror Dead Are British Greeks Line Up at Banks and Drain ATMs After Tsipras Calls Vote NSA Spied On NonAmerican AntiVirus Companies | British and American intelligence agencies have spied on antivirus companies and probed their software for weaknesses, as the snoops sought to enhance their offensive surveillance techniques, according to fresh Snowden docs released by The Intercept Kurds drive IS jihadists from Syria's Kobane Father And HusbandToBe Saves Fiancee's Life After Throwing His Body In Front Of Terrorist Attack Greek PM Alexis Tsipras calls referendum on bailout terms Greece has closed door on further talks Eurogroup's Dijssebloem Security crackdown launched in Tunisia targeting individuals described as extremists, after gunman kills 39 at resort hotel KuwaitBound Plane Declares State Of Emergency Lions will return to Rwanda for the first time in more than two decades, wildlife officials have said, after the endangered animal was wiped out following the country's 1994 genocide Germany's coalition government has approved several arms exports to the Gulf region, despite concerns about conflicts and human rights violations. BRICS Bank to be Operational by End of 2015 South Africa 1/2 Half of Europes electricity set to be from renewables by 2030  Leaked EU paper predicts fast renewables growth to around double current levels if countries meet climate objectives Germany all but buried negotiations to keep Greece from default on Saturday, saying a surprise decision by Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras to call a referendum had left nothing to discuss but how to cope with failure. Cables Released by WikiLeaks Reveal Saudis Checkbook Diplomacy Greek PM Tsipras to call referendum on bailout deal Military prosecutors discovered the existence of 14,000 CIA photos from lack sites' in Aghanistan, Poland, Thailand, Romania and Lithuanianow defense attorneys want access CNN confuses butt plug and dildo banner for ISIS flag at London gay pride Spy Agency's Secret Plans to Foster Online Conformity and Obedience Exposed Internal memo from secretive British spy unit exposes how GCHQ and NSA used human psychological research to create sophisticated online propaganda tools More than 25,000 venomous spiders have descended on a small town in Australia and experts have no idea why. Greeks Are Emptying Their Bank Accounts After Last Night's Referendum Announcement Police use teargas and rubber bullets at Istanbul Pride ISIS terrorist leader Caliphate officially declares war with Rome, India, China, Palestine (Israel), Somalia, Iran, Pakistan, Egypt, Iraq, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Tunisia, Libya, Algeria and Morocco. SpaceX just failed at its third attempt to make history, and its 'reusable rocket' just exploded to bits Tunisians march and carry British flags in protest at shooting that left 39 dead Pakistani IT Company Axact Sold 1,918 fake degrees to Saudis From the Arabian Peninsula to northern India to Californias Central Valley, nearly a third of the worlds 37 largest aquifers are being drained faster than they are being replenished, according to a recent study led by scientists at the University of California, Irvine. Japan to invest 20 Billion dollars in Indian solar power French terror suspect took selfie with beheaded victim and sent the image via WhatsApp to a Canadian mobile phone number ISIS uses USmade antitank missiles in Hasakah offensive Turkey will 'never allow' Kurdish state in Syria warns Erdogan Swedish military moves after Russia worries France Adopts Extensive Surveillance Law European Central Bank to 'maintain Greek funding limit' at level agreed on Friday Ecuador has released 201 tortoises on Santa Fe Island in the Galapagos archipelago, where a similar subspecies went extinct more than 150 years ago Belgian doctors give 24year old woman green light to die by euthanasia because of 'suicidal thoughts' An Argentine judge ordered the seizure of assets of oil drilling companies operating in the disputed Falklands Islands on Saturday, as rhetoric heats up before October elections Islanders left drowning under a sea of waste As thousands of tourists flock to tiny Koh Lan, they leave behind tonnes of rotting rubbish that locals are illequipped to handle. Armenian Police Target Journalists In Violent Crackdown A construction worker has found a stash of Swiss Bank gold during demolition work in the Bavarian town of Passau. Authorities are investigating who can claim the gold worth nearly one million euros ($1.12 million). Norways Prime Minister Erna Solberg has described Natos campaign to push member states to spend two percent of GDP on defence as nonsense. 'Blind agreement' and closeddoor deals Report slams TPP negotiations Bill Gates to invest $2bn in breakthrough renewable energy projects Lego To Replace OilBased Plastics Japanese TV channel ran false subtitles in interviews with South Koreans in order to fan antiKorean sentiment Greek banks 'to stay shut on Monday'. Puerto Rico says it cannot pay its debt, setting off potential crisis in the U.S. Activists Want To Know Why No One Is Investigating Libyan Human Rights Lawyer's Murder  Salwa Bugaighis was 1st woman to call for ouster of Qaddafi. After she cast her ballot in last yr's election, men in hoods & military uniforms stormed her home, shot & killed her. Her killers remain at large. Saudi Officials Linked to Jihadist Group in WikiLeaks Cables Legislators in Brazil's largest city, Sao Paulo, have banned the production and sale of foie gras, a delicacy made from the fatty liver of forcefed ducks and geese. City councillors said animals go through a great deal of suffering for the production of the pt. Uber managers arrested in France over 'illicit' taxi service Mafia in Australia Major drug trafficking group linked to senior politicians, investigation reveals Putin Nations must unite to fight Islamic State militants; Russia backs Syria's Assad A young woman died on Monday, the first fatality among nearly 500 casualties from a weekend blaze at a Taiwan water park, officials said, as investigators focused on the coloured powder that rained fire as it was sprayed over revellers from a stage. Turkey is sending 18.000 soldiers into Syria Israel Intercepts First of Four 'Freedom Flotilla' Boats to Gaza Seniors going bankrupt in soaring numbers More Canadians are outliving their savings and spending their golden years in debt. Greece, which may default on an International Monetary Fund debt repayment due on Tuesday after talks with creditors broke down, owes its official lenders 242.8 billion euros ($271 billion), according to a Reuters calculation based on official data. Monkeys break free in great escape from research facility in Puerto Rico Wikileaks reveals Saudi links with Haqqani Network An historic meeting between Pope Francis and Patriarch Kirill of the Russian Orthodox Church is getting closer every day would be a significant step towards healing the 1,000yearold rift between the Western and Eastern branches of Christianity, which split in the Great Schism of 1054. Hamas unveils new tunnel it says reaches into Israel  The attack tunnel is said to be 3.5 kilometers long ISIS executes over 3000 in Syria in yearlong 'caliphate' Russian entrepreneurs have launched a toilet paper covered in text of Western sanctions Lord Janner faces sex abuse prosecution Ukraine to apply for EU membership candidacy US now has more Spanish speakers than Spain  only Mexico has more At least 116 feared dead in after Indonesian military plane crashes into a major city ISIS just executed its top official in Mosul for planning a coup The remains of an unidentified sea animal with fur on its tail have been washed ashore in the Far East. Found near the airport at Shakhtersk, on Sakhalin Island, its appearance is unlike anything ever found in Russia. 1,000 runners get norovirus after French mud run Saudi comedian gets death threats for satirizing IS ISIS executes women by beheading for the first time for 'sorcery' in Syria South Sudan army raped and then burned girls alive, says UN Australia bans 220 videogames in four months as Government adopts new classification model New WikiLeaks Documents Reveal NSA Spied On Top French Companies Russia to review 1991 decision to recognise independence of Baltic states CIA photos of black sites could complicate Guantanamo trials | Military prosecutors this year learned about a massive cache of CIA photographs of its former overseas black sites while reviewing material collected for the Senate investigation of the agencys interrogation program, officials said Liberia 17 year old Boy dies of Ebola seven weeks after WHO declared Country Free of Virus Tunisia hotel attack Armed police were 'paralysed by fear' and let gunman run amok for half an hour, says witness EU agrees to eliminate roaming charges but net neutrality rules disappoint Almost a third of China's Great Wall has disappeared Natural erosion, damage from tourists and people stealing bricks to build houses mean estimates of the walls length now vary from 9,00021,000 km South Sudans army raped then torched girls alive inside their homes during a recent campaign notable for its new brutality and intensity, a U.N. rights report said Tuesday. China says wants Greece in euro zone, pledges EU infrastructure investment Greece proposes 2 year bridge loan and restructuring of debt to Eurogroup Israel considering leaving UN Human Rights Council NSA wiretapped two French finance ministers Wikileaks Afghans Protest After U.S. Forces Carry Out Raid on Strongman  The raid demonstrated that American troops in Afghanistan, months after President Obama declared their regular combat mission over, are engaged beyond their publicly stated role of advising the Afghan forces... Hamas Shuts Offices of Gaza's Sole Cellular Operator Mexico won't send candidate to Miss Universe over Trump commentsTelevisa Russia Beats Saudi Arabia to Become China's Top Oil Supplier Cuba first to eliminate mothertobaby HIV transmission World Health Organization hails 'one of the greatest public health achievements possible', five years into regional initiative Australia's largest woodlands 'will not be protected if it prevents mining'  Any sort of recognition which would put constraints on mining would be absolutely devastating, Western Australia mining minister Bill Marmion says Greece becomes first developed nation to default on international obligations Hillary Clinton was repeatedly pressured by Cherie Blair to meet a leading Qatari royal during her time as US secretary of state, according to newly released emails that raise fresh questions about the lobbying activities of all three political families. The Islamic State has expanded its reach to Russia after it declared a governorate in the country's North Caucasus region last week. Russia shuts off gas supply to Ukraine Australian Border Force Act could see immigration detention centre workers jailed for whistleblowing  anyone working at detention centres who reports on child abuse, sexual assault or other abuse can be imprisoned for two years All children with cancer to be given free health care cards, starting tomorrow [ireland] Cameron reaffirms there will be no safe spaces from UK government snooping Puerto Rico sales tax to increase by 4andahalf percent after US refuses bail out. U.S. and Cuba to announce embassy openings President Obama announces Havana embassy opening Norway wants $5.1m from Catholic church for fraud Australia Victorian state to ban smoking in all prisons, riots break out Terror attack in West Bank Four Israelis wounded in shooting. This is 6th terror attack in 10 days of Ramadan The Intercept publishes 48 topsecret and other classified documents about XKEYSCORE which shed new light on the breadth, depth and functionality of this critical spy system  one of the largest releases yet of documents provided by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. India reduces open defecation by 31 per cent UN report Secret IMF documents Austerity measures would still leave Greece with unsustainable debt. Secret documents show Greece would face an unsustainable level of debt by 2030 even if it signs up to the full package of tax and spending reforms demanded of it. The US Navy is testing a submarine hunting drone ship Humans causing catastrophic ecosystem shifts, study finds Up to 60 Soldiers Killed In Egypts North Sinai by ISIS Affiliated Militants Australian asylum seeker detention staff challenge government to prosecute them under new draconian secrecy law despite threats of imprisonment, standing by; watching child abuse and gross violations of human rights is not ethically justifiable Hamas claims responsibility for West Bank attack. The Great Barrier Reef will not be listed as endangered but will remain under watch, UNESCO has ruled. In a Bid to Modernize its Railways India will invest $120 billion in it over the next five years. Saudi prince to give away $32bn. He said he had been inspired by the Gates Foundation, set up by Bill and Melinda Gates in 1997. The money would be used to foster cultural understanding, empower women, and provide vital disaster relief, among other things, he said. BP fined $18.7bn for Deepwater Horizon oil spull New Zealand passes law making it punishable by fine or jail time for causing emotional distress on the Internet China says retired officials can be punished for pollution. Even officials who have retired will be held accountable and punished for pollution which occurred under their watch, state media said on Wednesday after a government meeting chaired by President Xi Jinping. Leaked TPP paper shows US pushing drug company rights Spanish Government passes Gag Law, restricting rights to assembly, free speech, and implementing possible individual fines anywhere from 100 up to 600,000 for protesting, despite widespread opposition from the Spanish people and EU governments. Syrian Christian leader tells West 'Stop arming terror groups who are massacring our people' Egypt Officially Announces State Of War First Muslim Gay Imam Says Quran Doesnt Call for Punishment of Homosexuals U.S. seeks FIFA officials' extradition from Switzerland  CNN.com The humanitarian aid aboard a recent flotilla to Gaza fit in two cardboard boxes. Honduras' Supreme Court has ordered the arrest of the vice president of Congress and 15 other people accused of defrauding the country's health care system in a corruption scandal that has sparked large street protests. Wow, pulled back wrong throttle  Exact quote recorded in February 2015 from the captain of the crashed TransAsia plane. Greece defaults. WikiLeaks Publishes More Docs Revealing Saudi Connection Against Syria And US | According to docs, a secret treaty among Qatar, Turkey and Saudi Arabia shows they intended to overthrow the Syrian government; Western powers like France, Britain and the US were also involved in the secret agreement Australia must cut carbon emissions by 30% by 2025, says Climate Change Authority  Government also urged to sign up to further cuts of 4060% by 2030 ahead of Paris climate talks, in effort to catch up to other countries US Reportedly Blocks Arab Allies' Attempts to Deliver Weapons to Kurds GCHQ spied on Amnesty International, tribunal tells group in email We can't print drachmas, says Greece's finance minister With speculation swirling that Greece might be forced out of the euro and have to print its own money after a weekend referendum, its finance minister on Thursday said the country no longer had the presses to make drachmas. Merkel admitted in 2011 Greek debt unsustainable Sir Nicholas Winton Dies at age 106. He saved 669 children from the nazis by sneaking them into the UK. An Afghan appeals court has quashed death sentences imposed on four men for their part in the mob killing of a young woman in Kabul in March. Farkhunda Malikzada was attacked at an Islamic shrine after being falsely accused of burning a copy of the Koran. 74 children executed by ISIS for 'crimes' that include refusal to fast, report says Syria's main Kurdish party warned Turkey on Wednesday that any military intervention would threaten international peace and said the country's main Kurdish militia is ready to face any aggression. Varoufakis Says Hell Quit as Finance Minister After a Yes