 'Ultimate Frisbee' recognised by International Olympic Committee Israel approves use of harsher measures against 'Jewish terrorists' 2000 year old termite mounds in Africa confirm that insects can sustain a millennia in the same home Photojournalist found dead in Mexico City after he fled harassment in his home state Veracruz, where 11 journalists have been killed there since 2010 Japanese Heat Wave Kills Six, Leaves Over 3,000 Hospitalized  A heat wave in Japan caused the deaths of six people over the weekend, almost 40 Japanese nationals were killed by heatstroke since June. Colombia aims to buy land from private owners and redistribute it among the poor after its 50yearold war ends, the government said Sunday, addressing the root cause of the conflict.The conflict has left more than 200,000 dead and forced some six million people from their homes. Canadian PM Stephen Harper dissolves Parliament, calls general election for October 19 Nigeria's military has rescued 71 girls and women in firefights that killed several Boko Haram fighters Former City trader Tom Hayes has been found guilty at a London court of rigging global Libor interest rates. ExBritish prime minister named in child sex abuse investigation Drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline , which was fined a record 3 billion yuan ($483 million) for corruption in China last year and is examining possible staff misconduct elsewhere, faces new allegations of bribery in Romania. Indonesian foundation defends awarding Kim Jongun peace prize Illegal immigrants to UK face eviction without court order under new plans  Landlords who fail to check tenants immigration status face fiveyear jail terms as part of government crackdown to reduce UKs appeal as a migrant destination Landlords who fail to evict migrants who do not have the right to live in Britain could be jailed for up to five years under measures to be included in the Immigration Bill. Japan calls US spying allegations 'deeply regrettable' Saudi king cuts short controversial holiday in France  BBC News AlQaeda Militants Accuse Islamic State Of Being A Con Healthy British nurse ends her life in a Swiss clinic because of fear of getting old Dutch crane collapse demolishes houses, injuring at least 20. Vladimir Putin's Deputy Prime Minister owns a secret 12million apartment just a short walk from Downing Street Venezuela supermarket looting leaves one dead, dozens detained Greek stocks plunge, banks hammered, after fiveweek crisis shut down  Reuters Clinton mails reveal US impression that UK PM David Cameron was 'unsure, inexperienced, oblique, and largely uncommitted' while London Mayor Boris Johnson was 'clown prince' Danish architecture firm BIG has a plan to turn four 300foot smokestacks atop London's Battersea Power Station into the world's tallest Tesla coils Two alleged 'IS' returnees to Germany go on trial Iraq is rushing to digitize its national library under the threat of ISIS Zimbabwe bans lion hunting after international outcry Delta bans shipment of lion, leopard, elephant, rhino, buffalo trophies Saudi ministry 'Free expression is an abuse of religious rights' New Study from Finland People would be happier living near a drug rehab center than living near a mosque. After having praised the friendliness of the sport, the president of a bullfighting club was gored by a bull after it jumped out of the ring and attacked him viciously. 8 Eight suitcases full of ivory seized at Zurich airport  Elephant tusks with estimated blackmarket value of about 265,000 were being transported from Tanzania to China via Switzerland. The tusks had been sawed into pieces to fit into the luggage. Russia makes a new claim for the Northpole Stop burning fossil fuels now there is no CO2 'technofix', scientists warn  Researchers have demonstrated that even if a geoengineering solution to CO2 emissions could be found, it wouldnt be enough to save the oceans Airbus patents jet to fly LondonNew York in 1 hour Bitcoin deemed regular currency by Australian Senate Committee It is worse than Hitler, worse than AIDS, cancer or any other epidemic. It is more catastrophic than nuclear holocaust, and it must be stopped. Creator of the list of the banned Indian porn sites Canada, a resource economy, is the only G7 country in a recession United Joins Delta Banning BigGame Trophies After Cecil Killing Obama says no challenge greater threat to U.S. future than climate change A massive gate unearthed in Israel may have marked the entrance to a biblical city that, at its heyday, was the biggest metropolis in the region. G20 countries pay over $1,000 per citizen in fossil fuel subsidies, say IMF Worlds leading economies still paying trillions in subsidies despite pledges to phase them out, new figures show China is demanding that the Obama administration return a wealthy and politically connected businessman who fled to the United States, according to several American officials familiar with the case. Should he seek political asylum, he could become one of the most damaging defectors 7.5 year prison sentence sought for 18 Turkish journalists for reporting on alleged covert arms shipments by the Turkish government into Syria. Isis 'price list' for child slaves confirmed as genuine by UN official Zainab Bangura Women Killed Alongside Mexican Photojournalist Were Tortured & Raped  3 of the 4 women with Ruben Espinosa were assaulted before being shot in the head after an allnight party among friends in a middleclass section of Mexico City Russia calls for international cooperation to fight Islamic State Speed of glacier retreat worldwide 'historically unprecedented', says report. Researchers have recorded rapid rises in meltwater and alarming rates of glacial retreat, which are accelerating at a pace double that of a decade ago. Israeli president flooded with death threats for condemning 'Jewish terror' More than 450 civilians killed in USled airstrikes against the Islamic State China says TPP should be transparent, open Palestinians shield Israeli policewoman from rocks thrown by Jewish extremists Approval for world's biggest coalmine overturned by Australian federal court Frequent spicy meals linked to human longevity  Sevenyear study of adults in China matches regular consumption of spicy foods, such as chilli peppers, to 14% reduced risk of death. India nixes online porn ban following intense public outrage on social media Saudiled coalition invades Yemen with ground forces. Claims of child sex abuse against exBritish PM Edward Heath 'I came to kill Hindus, it's fun doing this,' says captured Pakistani terrorist Naved The proportion of people [in Russia] who think religion does more good than harm to society has slumped from 61% to 36% while the share detecting more harm than good has risen from 5% to 23%. ISIS horror Girls get peddled like petrol barrels, says UN envoy Snowden leaks confirm existence of ECHELON Tony Blair could face trial for 'illegal' Iraq war, suggests Jeremy Corbyn Corbyn, the Labour leadership frontrunner, claims Chilcot report may lead to consequences for former PM over decisions made during 2003 invasion While other airlines ban hunting trophy shipments, UPS says it wont bow to controversy Islamic State sex slave price list authentic, $165 for a child  UN ISIS has threatened to kill a Croatian hostage if Egypt does not meet its demands in 48 hours Bonobos Apes Found To Communicate Verbally Much Like that of Human Babies Israel jails Jewish extremist for 6 months without trial. German justice minister demands sacking of chief prosecutor over treason investigation into two journalists. Anticorruption protests have gripped Honduras and Guatemala in recent weeks.Thousands have been taking to the streets weekly for three months now to demand an end to impunity, and there are no signs that the demonstrations will soon die down. Israeli archaeologists say they are trying to decode ancient inscriptions written in Hebrew script discovered at a dig in Jerusalem. The writing was found on the walls of a room containing the remains of a Jewish ritual bath, or mikveh, believed to be about 2,000 years old. Bomb scare at University of Oslo, Guard shot  Police cordoned off a large area of the campus Wednesday morning and called in specialists to examine an object feared to be a bomb. The major operation was unfolding after a security guard was shot in the same area during the night Israel jails suspected Jewish militant without trial Russia, Putin Held in Low Regard around the World Outside its own borders, neither Russia nor its president, Vladimir Putin, receives much respect or support Catholic bishop in death to gays storm  Vitus Huonder, the controversial Catholic bishop of Chur in eastern Switzerland, has once again attracted criticism for quoting homophobic Bible passages including Leviticus 2013, which calls for homosexuals to be executed China appeals for U.S. help to fight Islamic militants in Xinjiang iTunes is illegal under UK copyright law  The Intellectual Property Office today explains that ripping a CD in iTunes is no longer permitted, and neither is backing up your computer if it contains copyrighted content. Turkish couple feed 4,000 Syrian refugees on wedding day instead of wedding TPP Copyright Chapter Leaks Website Blocking, New Criminal Rules On the Way Debris found from Reunion Island confirmed to be from MH370 Sea animals are dying off in massive numbers along the Pacific Coastline from Baja, Mexico all the way to Alaska.A combination of manmade and natural causes are killing off bottlenose dolphins, sardines, sea birds, plankton, krill, salmon, sea lions, starfish, and brown pelicans in record numbers. Indian oncologists want cannabis legalised to help fight cancer Canada Changed Its Election Rules So It Could Negotiate the TPP Russia marks 1 year of sanctions by destroying Western food  despite 250,000 signatures on a petition to donate that food to the poor. The lower supply of food also serves to drive consumer prices up, pushing more citizens below the poverty line. Rejecting Iran nuclear deal is a vote for war, Obama says Pharmaceutical firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been accused by the UK's competition watchdog of charging excessive and unfair prices for an antiepilepsy drug. China willing to work with US to contribute to world peace, stability.China is ready to step up cooperation with the United States in the fields of investment, military, climate change, finance, economy and trade, energy, hunt of corrupt officials, justice and public health. Australian spy agency says a junior Defence staffer allegedly took home a secret intelligence report and posted it on 4Chan Pope Francis says even after divorce, you can remain in the church Norway feared terrorism in Oslo after security guard claimed he was shot and a suspected bomb was found at University of Oslo. Now the security guard admits that he was behind the shooting and the fake bomb himself. Windfarm 'wing nuts' Public health expert takes aim at activists. Infrasound generated by mere walking has been shown to be louder than the noise of wind turbines ... I assume your committee is not concerned about walking noise health impacts? Nasa says Congress cuts mean $490m is needed to buy rides on Russian rockets More Dutch cities may join in asic income' experiment You taught our students, so we are releasing you Islamic State to Indians abducted in Libya Survey suggests strong popular support for Jewfree Romania British truck driver radios international space station from garden shed Loss of world's rarest ape charted  Decline of the Hainan gibbon  worlds rarest primate  has been revealed by a trawl through historical Chinese documents. There are only 2628 left in the wild. Old govt documents helping reveal when & how the numbers fell. Scientists in Iran clone endangered mouflon  born to domestic sheep Poaching has driven the Isfahan mouflon close to extinction in Iran, where scientists are hailing the rare successful example of interspecies cloning. Hamas warns of new violence unless Israel lifts blockade Newfoundland and Labrador eliminates student loans MH370 Debris Of Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 'Was Faked' Claim Relatives Of Victims Brazilian radio host famous for exposing corruption in his city murdered while broadcasting live on the air by two gunmen. John Kerry Vietnam war was result of 'profound failure of diplomatic insight'.Im reminded of conversations Ive had recently with people who talk almost casually about the prospect of war with one country or another. Im tempted to say You dont have the first idea of what youre talking about Al Qaeda blow up 700 year old mosque in Yemen Bangladesh blogger Niloy Neel hacked to death, 4th blogger to get killed in recent months. North Korea to push back its standard time by 30 minutes, calls it 'Pyongyang time' Man jailed for 30 years in Thailand for insulting the monarchy on Facebook. Tens of thousands of Russians have joined a protest petition to President Vladimir Putin after vast quantities of foreign food are bulldozed, buried, or burned. For the past year, Russia has banned most fresh produce from countries imposing economic sanctions against Russia over Crimea. Canada Proposes A Ban On Tiny Plastic Microbeads, Citing Environmental & Health Concerns Archaeologists have discovered a mysterious Stonehengestyle monolith in the deep sea off the coast of Sicily, shedding new light on the earliest civilizations in the Mediterranean basin. Its features leave no doubt that the monolith was manmade some 10,000 years ago. British VIP Pedophile Scandal Nationwide police corruption inquiry is looking into alleged witness tampering to stop child abuse claims, including against a former Tory Prime Minister Russia hacks Pentagon computers An amateur radio enthusiast managed to get a quick chat with the International Space Station (ISS) after a month of trying to get through from his shed Palestinian religious leaders  both Muslims and Christians  signed a declaration stating that Jews have no right to enter the Temple Mount at a press conference in east Jerusalem on Wednesday. New Zealand Made Trolling Illegal Last Month  Law states that anyone who causes harm by posting digital communication, a.k.a. trolling, is liable to conviction & could face up to 2 yrs in prison & be subject to $50,000 NZD ($32,570 USD) in fines. Nuclear test refugees from Bikini atoll in the Marshall Islands are now fleeing the effects of climate change as their second home, Kili Island, is suffering from sea level rise. Appealing to the US for financial help with relocation. Swiss find remains of 2 Japanese climbers missing since 1970 Yazidi Child Soldiers Take Revenge on ISIS El Nio Conditions Are Growing Stronger Russian whistleblower may have been victim of 'reprisal killing', court hears  Alexander Perepilichnyy was found dead outside his home in Surrey in 2012. In May it emerged he may have ingested a deadly plant poison. Senior Russian Official praises the proposal of import restrictions on condoms, stating they have nothing to do with health and suggesting it would make people more disciplined More than 240,000 people, including 12,000 children, have been killed in Syria's conflict which broke out in March 2011. Sky News' Live Stream Shut Down By Fox News DMCA Notice  The official live stream of Sky News has been pulled from YouTube after a copyright complaint from competing news outlet Fox News. Lord Janner told to attend court over child abuse charges Its common knowledge that some frogs secrete toxins from special glands in their skin. But according to a paper published today in Current Biology, an international team of researchers report for the first time ever that two frog species are actually venomous. South China Sea dispute John Kerry says US will not accept restrictions on movements in the sea Pakistans biggest child pornography ring exposed by journalist. 280 minors were sexually abused and filmed over a decade, the videos were sold for 50 cents each, sometimes to pedophiles in the West over Skype The United States has secured commitments from a dozen countries to accept nearly half of the 52 Guantanamo prisoners already cleared for transfer, U.S. officials said on Friday, as the Obama administration tries to accelerate efforts to close the military prison Hyperinflation looming in Venezuela nearly 82% say they can't afford food Bangladesh blogger killed by machete gang had asked for police protection. Palestinian baby's dad also dies after settler arson attack Oil prices are now near a sixyear low, moving down earlier today to about $44 a barrel Twentyfour submarines that belonged to the former Imperial Japanese Navy have been found at the bottom of the sea near the Goto Islands in Nagasaki Prefecture, the Japan Coast Guard said Friday. Powerful storm hits Taiwan, millions without power, four dead Italy arrested five North African men on Friday on suspicion of multiple homicide and human trafficking in the presumed drowning of more than 200 people, saying they used clubs and knives against migrants. Massive Solar Power Plant Going Up in China, constructing a 10squaremile facility expected to have a capacity of 200 megawatts, enough to supply one million households More than 2,000 believed to have died this year trying to cross into Europe by sea. Israeli Defense Minister hints Israel may assassinate Iranian nuclear scientists. Ya'alon also didn't rule out the possibility that Israel would bomb Iranian nuclear facilities Royal Dutch Shell cuts ties with Alec over rightwing group's climate denial  Shell joins BP in corporate exodus from membership of the conservative, freemarket lobbying group, which continues to deny the science of climate change 'Religious Zionism taking over Israel,' exShin Bet chief warns Canada would have to massively overhaul its Copyright Act just a few years after the last round of painstaking amendments, critics warn, if a secret trade and investment deal the government is negotiating is adopted with the terms outlined in a leaked draft from May that was made public this week. Israeli Justice minister backs death penalty for terrorists who killed Palestinian baby Indian rapper 'overwhelmedy success of protest song against Unilever Thousands of Ebola Survivors Face Persistent Joint Pain and Other Problems 'Almost quarter of a million people' dead in Syria war Israel destroys Palestinian homes after announcing new settlements ISIL 'kidnaps scores of Christians' in Syria's Homs Germany is facing its hottest temperatures on record, with some in the south exceeding the countrys alltime high of 40.3 C (105F), which was only set last month. Mexican anthropologist Nadia D Vera, murdered along with 3 others in Veracruz Student decapitated by helicopter blade as she approached Peruvian PM Cancerdetecting dogs approved for NHS trial  Animals at specialist charity will undergo evaluation at Milton Keynes hospital after proving 93% effective in detecting odour of prostate tumours. 29 leading U.S. nuclear scientists praise 'unprecedented' Iran deal  In letter to Obama, scientists  among them 5 Nobel laureates  say deal can serve as 'guidepost for future nonproliferation agreements.' Obama Netanyahu only foreign leader I can recall forcibly interfering in US policy Enormous monolith, carved 9350 years ago, found under Mediterranean Sea. Five women accused of witchcraft lynched by India mob  Villagers drag middleaged women from their huts and beat them to death around midnight in eastern Jharkhand state. New Zealand to be coalfree by 2018, 90% renewable by 2025 Israel Cracks Down on Jewish Extremists With New Arrests Whale Shark sawed to pieces at Chinese market whilst still alive. Activists in Uganda have held a gay pride rally, a year since a law requiring homosexuals to be jailed for life was overturned. Germany to ban reentry permits for 94,000 migrants  RT News Ukraine Bans Films Featuring Blacklisted Russian Actors. 14 Russian actors, singers and other cultural figures on the blacklist pose a threat to national security according to Ukraine. Cutting down on working hours could increase UK productivity.Research has found that a focus on shorter working hours and an increase of sleep could help the the UK improve its lack of productivity. Threat of 'lone wolf' attack by radical young Islamists in Ireland surpasses threat from 'republican' terrorism ISIS threatens to kill the Queen during 70th anniversary of VJ Day Eye shape reveals whether an animal is predator or prey, new study shows  A close look at the eyes of 214 types of animal has revealed a relationship between the shape of the pupil and the animals ecological niche. Singapore marks 50 years since independence. The former British colony has transformed itself into one of the world's wealthiest countries but its critics say the rapid development has been accompanied by a strict control on free speech and politics. Thousands of Iraqis braved the scorching summer heat to stage a huge protest in central Baghdad on Friday, calling on the prime minister to dissolve the parliament and sack corrupt government officials.This is the second Friday of protests in Baghdad and across Iraq Ukraine blacklists Russian artists including Frenchborn Gerard Depardieu, whose work will be banned from TV, radio and cinemas U.S. Puts Russian Gas Field Off Limits as Sanctions Tighten Several thousand people marched Saturday through the western German city of Cologne in protest at continued Turkish air strikes against Kurdish separatists Indian Woman Who Was Married Off At Just 11 Months Old Fights Against Child Marriage China Jails Engineer For 12 Years Over 'Tank Man' Hack Norway camp opens four years after mass shooting tragedy Australia's only cassowary rehabilitation centre to close At least 12 people were killed during a nearly 24hour siege of a hotel in central Mali seized by suspected Islamist gunmen that ended on Saturday as security forces stormed the building and released some of the United Nations workers trapped inside. Russia's Lavrov says U.S. must work with Assad to fight Islamic State Mexican missing student activist who led search parties after the disappearance of 43 students is killed. China, Russia and the U.S. are developing and testing controversial new capabilities to wage war in space despite their denial of such work Zimbabwe lifts ban on lion hunts South Korea on Monday accused North Korea of planting landmines that maimed two soldiers on border patrol, sending military tensions on the Korean peninsula soaring as it threatened to make Pyongyang pay a harsh price Scientists discover cannabis in tobacco pipes excavated from William Shakespeares garden  Scientists from South Africa have excavated 400yearold tobacco pipes from Shakespeares garden and found them to contain cannabis residue. TPP Almost Ready but Stalled in Hawaii, Leaks Tell us More Dutch survivor of Japanese concentration camp calls for recognition of history Scotland bans GMO (genetically modified) crops to protect the nation's 'clean, greenrand Germany, which has taken a tough line on Greece, has profited from the country's crisis to the tune of 100 billion euros, according to a new study Monday. The sum represents money Germany saved through lower interest payments on funds the government borrowed amid investor flights to safety Disney apologizes for 'congratulations' tweet on Nagasaki anniversary Jaffa luxury apartment complex is 'for Jews only' Cuban internet delivered weekly by hand  Cubans are getting round lack internet access by delivery of content by hand. It consists of a terabyte of data with latest music, Hollywood movies, TV series, mobile phone apps, magazines & classifieds like Craigslist. Attackers open fire on U.S. consulate in Istanbul CNN Turk British Library asks for help deciphering a medieval sword Man gored to death filming Spanish bull run on his mobile Stephen Harper vows to make it illegal for Canadians to travel to terrorist hotspots NASA crew to eat spacegrown veggies for the first time Germany drops treason inquiry into Netzpolitik journalists China Just Declared War on Amateur Sex Videos A third of medals awarded in the Olympic Games and world championships between 2001 and 2012 were won by athletes who recorded suspicious doping tests A firing squad of the Islamic State terrorist group on Saturday executed at least 300 civil servants who worked for the Iraqi Supreme Electoral Commission at a military camp in Iraqi city of Mosul. Israeli extremist leader Benzi Gopstein calls on Jewish students to burn down churches Indian govt shortlists 1500 yoga asanas to prevent them being patented abroad China to build highway for Liberia as part of Ebola recovery aid After murders, Bangladesh police blames bloggers, asks them not to 'cross limit' Google to reorganize into new company called Alphabet 'Missile parts' at MH17 crash site A 22yearold New Zealand man hired as an unpaid intern by the United Nations in Geneva has been forced to live in a tent Ikea to Replace All Lighting on Shelves With LED Bulbs. Beginning Sept. 1, the company said Monday, it will sell only LED bulbs, part of its overall sustainability efforts. Pacific trade deal puts profit over people Labor activists Russian GDP Plunges 4.6% Canadians pull the plug on renewable energy scheme  Canadian province of Nova Scotia cancels a successful project which rewarded people for generating renewable energy. Pope Francis declares annual Catholic environment day. 1 September chosen for day of environmental awareness; Vatican calls for faithful to adopt appropriate lifestyles Tasmanian devils on Australian mainland would reduce feral cats & foxes, study finds  Reintroducing devils after 3,000yr absence would be huge boon for native wildlife. Humans wiped out dingoes in regions, leaving foxes & cats as primary predators. Govt to kill 2 million cats by 2020. Malaysia Prime Minister suspected of manipulating MH370 plane crash news to save himself from the worst financial scandal in Malaysian history. UK dairy farmers take live cows into supermarkets in protest of low milk prices. Milk is currently cheaper than bottled water. Arrested Hamas fighter reveals tunnel attack plot, shifting strategies Malaysian Education Minister openly claims Jews and Christians have a hidden agenda in splitting Malays. Ukraine vows to use 'entire arsenal' against proRussia rebels The UN has blasted Thailand for imprisoning a man for 30 years after he insulted the monarchy China to Increase Iran Oil Imports in Event of Congress Rejection If Congress scuppers the nuclear accord, China will conclude that diplomacy has not worked out and as a result it will increase Iranian oil imports China builds huge solar power station which could power a million homes. The proposed power station will measure 10 square miles and generate 200 megawatts of solar energy Puerto Rico Intensifies Water Rationing as Drought Worsens.Citizens are limited to two days of water use every week as Puerto Rico's debtridden government struggles to aid its country through extreme drought. China devalues yuan currency to threeyear low A wave of violence has engulfed the Afghan capital over the past few days, killing at least 50 people, mostly civilians. According to the UN, 2015 is on track to be the bloodiest year of the war for Afghan civilians  worse than 2014, when 3,000 civilians were killed. Fastest Neutrino Ever Detected Has 1,000x the Energy of the LHC Man charged by Australian Federal Police for attempting to fly to Syria to fight alongside Kurds against ISIS. Migrant Crises Alarms Britain But Fears Clash With Facts.The U.N. refugee agency says Britain received just over 31,000 asylum claims in 2014  a fraction of the 173,000 refugees who went to Germany, and fewer than Sweden, Italy, France or Hungary. Japan Takes Step Toward Reviving Nuclear Industry as It Restarts Reactor Police raid Uber Hong Kong office, 3 taken away amid crackdown on illegal taxis India sues Nestle for nearly $100m because lead shouldn't be in noodles. Russia threathens to block Reddit in Russia if thread about a drugproducing plant is not removed Oil prices have reached a 6 year low today If the United States walks away from the nuclear deal with Iran and demands that its allies comply with U.S. sanctions, a loss of confidence in U.S. leadership could threaten the dollar's position as the world's reserve currency, the top U.S. diplomat said on Tuesday. Amnesty International endorses decriminalizing sex trade Teen finds 17.6ounce gold bar while swimming in German Alpine lake. Harper says Canadians dont want marijuana legalized Arctic Ice Loss Is So Bad National Geographic Has To Keep Redrawing Its Atlas Journalist beaten by football fans after Facebook post dies from his injuries in a hospital An archaeologist says he may have found evidence that Nefertiti, the former Queen of Egypt, is secretly buried inside Tutankhamun's tomb. Swedish prosecutors have been accused of victimising Julian Assange after it was revealed they had interviewed 44 people in the UK but were refusing to question the WikiLeaks founder in the London embassy Even the Taliban is disgusted by the Islamic State's latest video that appears to show militants blowing up bound and blindfolded Afghan prisoners with explosives On Monday, news broke that a father had let his 20yearold daughter drown off a beach in Dubai because he did not want her to be touched by a strange man. The story, according to one source, is nearly two decades old. Tony Abbott warns colleagues not to vote for samesex marriage Greece at 'risk of bloodshed' as latest spike in new Afghan, Syrian arrivals hits Kos island Isis claims beheading of Croatian hostage Tomislav Salopek in Egypt WikiLeaks offers $110,000 reward for documents on 'monster' trade deal Julian Assange set to be cleared as sex allegations expire Mexico bans giveaways of baby formula at hospitals About 300 people descended on Parliament this afternoon to protest against New Zealand joining the controversial TransPacific Partnership (TPP). Pentagon needs to rethink calling war journalists elligerents', says watchdog Open letter from Reporters Without Borders calls on US defense secretary to revise manual containing disturbing language on treating reporters like spies Chinese currency devaluation puts North American stock markets in a tumble Leaked documents show the UK is pushing for watereddown EU air pollution laws to be weakened further, arguing they would cause the closure of coal pits leading to substantial job losses and the need to import coal. ExJapanese PM kneels to apologize before a memorial monument in Korea. John Kerry  dollar may cease to be the world's reserve currency if the United States walks away from Iran deal Huge explosion reported in Chinese port city of Tianjin Sweden drops sexual assault probe against Julian Assange as deadline expires Russia bans Reddit TransPacific Partnership could pose risk to public healthcare, leaked draft shows 37% of British workers think their jobs are meaningless The Dutch basic income experiment is expanding across multiple cities Kiribati president calls for moratorium on coal mines. There is no plausible scenario in which a world that is tackling climate change is a world that needs more coal mines, said Oquist. Muslim Scholars Prepare Call for Action on Climate Change. Islamic scholars and religious leaders are preparing a call for action on climate change that will say its the religious duty of the worlds 1.6 billion Muslims to fight global warming. IOC rules out viral testing in sewageladen waters being used for 2016 Olympics. U.S. allocates $500,000 for Baltic journalism programs to combat Russian propaganda The elusive octopus genome has finally been untangled, which should allow scientists to discover answers to longmysterious questions about the animal's alienlike physiology How does it camouflage itself so expertly? How does it controland regeneratethose eight flexible arms Kiwi UN intern living in tent has resigned. His mum is proud he sparked unpaid UN internship debate 15thCentury Sea Monster Lifted from Baltic SeaFigurehead of Denmarks King Hans' warship is creature carved at end of 11ftlong beam, with lion ears & crocodile mouth holding a person. No similar item from the 15th century has ever been found anywhere in the world. Greek economy grows by 0.8% in second quarter China's military wants the ability to create large modular artificial islands that can be repositioned around the world as necessary Russia's parliament supports mandatory HIV testing before marriage Underwater gas pipeline explodes in Moscow, Russia Seen from above, the Amazon resembles a huge billiards table  a field of intense green pockmarked by brown stains. These are the sites of illegal mines, and they reveal the scope of a gold rush that threatens the lungs of the planet Market truck bomb kills at least 60 in Baghdad's Sadr City Puerto Rico's Representaive in Congress Pleads For Drought Aid.The drought in Puerto Rico is affecting more than 2.5 million people and has led to extreme water restrictions as well as complete water cutoffs across the territory. South African conservationists are warning of a new potential threat to Africa's wild lion population The increasing use of lion bones to replace tiger bones in traditional medicine in parts of Asia Earth overshoot day  the day each year when our demands on the planet outstrip its ability to regenerate  comes six days earlier than 2014, with worlds population currently consuming the equivalent of 1.6 planets a year Switzerland lifts sanctions against iran Israel would lift Gaza blockade for truce  report China's government wants workers to be given longer weekends during the summer in order to boost the tourism industry. The State Council is urging employers to give their staff Friday afternoons off so that they can travel more easily. CNN & CBC Sued For Pirating 31 Second YouTube Video  In addition to claims of copyright infringement, the media giants face allegations that they breached the anticircumvention measures of the DMCA. Ireland Refuses to Extradite Man to US Because Prison System is Too Inhumane American flag raised in Havana for first time in 54 years Humans definitely killed off mammoths, giant armadillo, sabretooth tiger, scientists claim  New research settles argument about whether whether humans or climate change was responsible for the end of megafauna, it is claimed, and debunks the myth of early humans living in harmony with nature Facebook cancelled a student's internship after he highlighted a massive privacy issue Australias federal court rejects US studios claims for piracy damages, saying it may invoice downloaders for the cost of a legitimate copy only John Kerry I write emails assuming that Russia and China are 'very likely' reading them US warns citizens not to attend Auckland TPP rally 25,000 Farmers Seek Presidents Permission To Hang Themselves On Independence Day (Aug 15) Reports ISIL used mustard gas against Kurds Gene therapy cures blindness by replacing vision cells in eyes. Jimmy Carter Zero chance for IsraeliPalestinian twostate solution  Netanyahu decided 'early on to adopt a onestate solution, but without giving the Palestinians equal rights,' Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov mutters fucking morons as Saudi counterpart talks during press conference Air pollution in China is killing 4,000 people every day, a new study finds Sea creature called Flying Spaghetti Monster found beneath ocean. Palestinian rights group sues PA over prison torture Plaintiff says he was detained and beaten for five days after criticizing local government on social media Marines who removed flag from U.S. embassy in Cuba return 54 years later to raise it again PM Japan can't keep apologizing Tianjin explosions so huge they were visible from space China silences netizens critical of disgraceful blast coverage. Posts suggesting that authorities restricted international media reporting on the incident removed. Fidel Castro to US you owe us millions Team from International Atomic Energy Agency has been sent to scene of blast in China Calais mayor threats to open France's borders and allow thousands of migrants into Britain The United States believes Islamic State militants likely used mustard agent in an attack on Kurdish forces in Iraq earlier this week, the first indication the militant group has obtained a banned chemical weapon, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday. Alevel results 2015 UK exam board OCR admits it 'estimates' hundreds of pupils' grades after papers 'go missing' Legal scholars warn against 10 year prison for online pirates  The proposed extension is disproportionate, ineffective and puts casual filesharers at risk of long jail sentences, they argue. The European Commission is making the secret Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) trade deal even more secret, introducing a new rule that means politicians can only view the text in a secure 'reading room' in Brussels. South Korea's president pardons 6,500 criminals including CEOs convicted of embezzlement because of their contributions to the national economy ISIS Leader Abu Bakr AlBaghdadi Sexually Abused American Hostage Kayla Mueller, Officials Say Thousands march against TPPA in rallies around New Zealand Fireman pulled alive from China blast zone Norways government wants to dump 1,200 tons of radioactive waste on an island an hour south of Oslo, even though the waste company which owns the site believed it is too dangerous. World Bank rejects energy industry notion that coal can cure poverty New explosions and fire in Tianjin send smoke into the sky Netanyahu appoints Danny Danon who opposes a Palestinian state and says that the Palestinian people don't exist as U.N. ambassador. AntiNazi couple's barn burned down in eastern Germany North Korea on Saturday threatened South Korea with indiscriminate military strikes unless it halts crossborder propaganda broadcasts, and issued fresh nuclear weapons warnings against the United States. Were predicting that this El Nio could be among the strongest El Nios in the historical record dating back to 1950, Mike Halpert, the deputy director of the Climate Prediction Center, part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, said during a press teleconference. Mass evacuations underway in Tianjin as fires reignite, causing further blasts Oscar Pistorius being released after only 10 months in jail 142MillionYearOld Dino Footprints Found in Germany Company in Canada gets U.S. patent for space elevator Bin Laden Osama's son Hamza 'issues alQaeda message'. In the message, shared by alQaeda supporters on Twitter, Hamza Bin Laden urges attacks on the US and its allies. North Korea has threatened to attack South Korean loudspeakers that are broadcasting antiPyongyang propaganda messages across their shared border. Japan raises warning level on volcano not far from nuclear plant Horrific moment two gay men are thrown off tall building by ISIS then stoned by baying mob including children China Evacuates Tianjin Blast Site As Sodium Cyanide Found Kayla Mueller US hostage 'refused chance to escape from Isis to save Yazidi girls' Vets use bandage made of elephant skin to treat rhino mutilated by poachers who hacked off its horn Russia is ready to send S300 longrange, surfacetoair missile systems to Iran and is working to have the sanctions against Tehran removed as soon as possible. Coca Cola gave $1.5 million to scientists who say soft drinks dont cause obesity Government to ban unvaccinated preschoolers from childcare, kindergarten (Victoria, Australia) BBC News Indonesian plane missing over Papua North Korea threatens war if the United States continues with its scheduled military exercises this Monday. AT&T Helped N.S.A. Spy on an Array of Internet Traffic China silences netizens critical of disgraceful blast coverage More explosions rock the Chinese port city of Tianjin Fidel Castro Admits Turning to U.S. For Financial Help in the 1980s Volcano alerts issued in Ecuador, Japan.  Japan's meteorological agency issued a level 4 emergency warning, which urges residents to prepare to evacuate.  Russia's newest T90A tanks spotted in Ukraine's Luhansk region (photos) A rare space weather phenomena caught on camera Gigantic jets outbursts on top of the Hurricane Hilda Athletics' governing body suppressed a study which showed as many as a third of the world's top athletes admitted violating antidoping rules, according to the Sunday Times. Thousands March Against TPPA in Christchurch, New Zealand Booming Wind and Solar Power Has Slashed Europes CO2 Emissions Canadian/Gaza doctor invents stethoscope which is 'Better than world's bestut costs only 30 cents Pakistan's Punjab home minister assassinated in suicide attack China says US summit next month should not focus on human rights Russian Publisher Rewrites Books on Putin Without Western Authors Consent German army to withdraw Patriot missiles from Turkey border Germany has announced plans to withdraw its border protection mission in Turkey. Reports suggest the move is because of high staff and material costs, not a political reaction to Turkey's attacks on Kurds Rhino mutilated by poachers treated with elephant skin in South Africa Ecuador declares state of emergency over Cotopaxi volcano activity NeoNazi protest in Liverpool UK cancelled after antifascist counterprotest. Six arrests made. Food production shocks 'will happen more often because of extreme weather' Poorer countries will be hit most by falls in production for major crops but UK and and US will also be exposed to resulting instability The death toll from massive explosions in China's port city of Tianjin has risen to 112 and 95 people are missing, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday US to withdraw its Patriot missile system, deployed near Turkey's border with Syria, when its mandate expires in October. Decision comes a day after Germany said it would pull Patriot missles & troops when the mandate for their airdefense mission ends next year GPS Trackers In Fake Elephant Tusks Reveal Ivory Smuggling Route Explosion rocks central Bangkok From 1 October 2015 it will be illegal to smoke in a car (or other vehicles) with anyone under 18 present in UK. Bulls kill seven at Spain summer festivals New pictures reveal scale of devastation caused by Tianjin explosion  officials warn rain could turn 100 tons of sodium cyanide into toxic gas After Germany, US declares it is pulling missiles out of Turkey Bloggers ridicule Chinese film placing Mao Zedong at key wartime conference with Churchill and Roosevelt in 1943 North Korea promises retaliation with tremendous muscle as a Western military operation in South Korea begins. Australian laws forbidding people working in the country's detention centres from speaking out about what they see have raised grave concerns in the medical community AntiGovernment Protests Sweep Brazil Jewish Schindler rescues Iraqi girls from slavery | Toronto Star Isis crucifies headless corpses and burns down hospital as battle for Sirte rages on India's Mars orbiter sends stunning canyon photo Topics such as acid rain, evolution and global warming are at risk of information sabotage on the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, a study has found. Authors said topics considered controversial are at greater risk of vandalism and other shenanigans to the detriment of scientific accuracy. China Shutters 50 Websites for 'Inciting Panic' Over Tianjin Disaster South Korea, US begin military drill despite North Korea threats The UK is trying a new road surface that charges your electric car as you drive. Olympics chief vows to swim in Rio's 'sewageriddled' waters after venue blasted over hygiene concerns Unemployed young people will be sent to work boot camp, says minister. Matt Hancock says plan for jobseekers between 18 and 21 to be placed on intensive activity programme is not a form of punishment Japan Evacuation warning as Sakurajima Volcano near nuclear reactor ready to erupt Seagulls Have a Gruesome New Way of Attacking Baby Seals  Kelp gulls are eating the eyeballs from newborn Cape fur sealsa behavior never before seen in nature, a new study says. U.S. military cancels hearing for September 11 suspects Australian lawmaker introduces legislation that would legalize samesex marriage Police Raids On Islamic State Supporters in Europe After Secret Land Purchases 'HamasIsrael deal imminent,' to the dismay of Palestinian factions Afghan military interpreter who served with British forces in Afghanistan and was denied refuge in Britain has been executed Bangkok bombing Backpack man officially confirmed as suspect (VIDEO) Another bombing attempt in Bangkok, no injuries China is trying and failing to censor citizens who want answers over the Tianjin explosion Mapping the invisible scourge  Breathing Beijing's Air Is the Equivalent of Smoking Almost 40 Cigarettes a Day Amazon 'regime' making British staff physically and mentally ill, says union Russia To Introduce Obligatory Fingerprinting For European Tourists Chief executives earn '183 times more than workers' Saudi Arabia sees first female voter registrations Norways Health Minister Blasts U.S. Chamber of Commerce Lobbying for Big Tobacco Humans of New York (HONY) helps raise 1.2 million dollars to end bonded labour in Pakistan Scientists find evidence of prehistoric massacre in Europe  What is particularly interesting is the level of violence. Not just suppression of a rival communityif that is what it wasbut the egregious & systematic breaking of the lower legs. This culture likely turned on each other. Germany may receive up to 750,000 asylum seekers this year paper United Nations demands NSA respect its privacy amid AT&T spying report Shell gets final permit for Arctic oil drilling Melbourne named world's most liveable city, for fifth year running India's Cochin International Airport becomes the first in the world to run fully on solar power Firefighters' use of water on volatile chemicals fueled Tianjin explosions that killed at least 114 people The Race to Save the Vaquita, the Worlds Most Endangered Marine Mammal  There are 50100 left. They're found only in Mexico. The vaquita will be extinct, possibly by 2018, if fishery bycatch is not eliminated immediately. Bangladesh says Briton arrested over murders of secular bloggers  Security forces claim a UK citizen of Bangladeshi origin, Touhidur Rahman, was main planner of fatal attacks on Avijit Roy and Ananta Bijoy Das Tianjin explosions warehouse 'handled toxic chemicals without licence'  reports After Palestinian asks for water and stabs Israeli soldier, Israeli envoy asks UN Chief to condemn terror attacks DNAtesting dog poo Spanish city on the scent of owners who don't pick up  Tarragona has threatened to use a DNA database of registered dogs to match droppings found on the street to dog owners. Cuba put its civil defense system on alert on Monday due to a yearlong drought that is forecast to worsen in the coming months and has already damaged agriculture and left more than a million people relying on truckedin water. Pentagon Plans to Increase Drone Flights by 50 Percent Paris shooting survivor suing French media for giving away his location while he hid from shooters Vaping is 95% safer than smoking and could lead to the demise of the traditional cigarette, Public Health England (PHE) has said in the first official recognition that ecigarettes are less damaging to health than smoking tobacco. TIANJIN, China  The son of a former police chief is one of two silent owners of the warehouse in Tianjin where explosions killed at least 114 people, and used his connections to help obtain licenses despite the hazmat facility violating safety rules, Chinese state media reported Wednesday. Beheaded Syrian scholar refused to lead Isis to hidden Palmyra antiquities TPP protest draws thousands English children among the unhappiest in the world at school due to bullying Spanish police are looking to fine a woman who photographed officers parking in a disabled spot under a controversial new gag law. New public security laws allow for fines for a number of offences, including unauthorised protests and photographing police without permission An almost fullyformed human brain has been grown in a lab for the first time, claim scientists from Ohio State University. The team behind the feat hope the brain could transform our understanding of neurological disease. Isis beheads elderly chief of antiquities in ancient Syrian city, official says First rainfall since Tianjin explosion leaves city covered in mysterious white foam Russia jails Estonia border guard Kohver for 15 years Major publisher retracts 64 scientific papers in fake peer review outbreak 20 millionyearold salamander discovered trapped and intact in amber in Dominican Republic Australia has denied environmental approval to just 18 projects since 2000  Fundamentally, the laws arent set up to protect the environment, they are set up to facilitate development. Qatar postpones promised labor reforms The World Cup 2022 host has been under pressure to ensure migrant workers are paid on time. But trumpeted reforms due to go into force this week have been pushed back until November 2 Hackers finally post stolen Ashley Madison data Twin Typhoons to reach super status by Thursday marching towards S.E. Asia Gun Shots Heard in Istanbul Tourist Site Thai Police release sketch of Bangkok bombing suspect, offer 1 million baht reward for info 1,000 sq miles of England to be opened up for fracking  Large areas of Yorkshire, northwest and east Midlands earmarked for oil and gas exploration as government announces it will offer licences for 27 new sites A Thai motorbike taxi driver who believes he picked up the chief suspect in the bombing of Bangkok's Erawan Shrine shortly after the blast said the man appeared calm and spoke an unfamiliar language on his cellphone. Muslim Clerics Call for a Phaseout of Fossil Fuels. Islamic leaders from 20 nations called for the phaseout of greenhousegas emissions from burning fossil fuels and for 100 percent of energy to come from renewables Jewish groups protest as Spain festival drops US singer House of cash Police find $31m inside home of municipal engineer in West Bengal, India Isis lost more than 7,000 fighters in past year, says Australian defence chief ISIS beheads 81yearold pioneer archaeologist and foremost scholar on ancient Syria. Held captive for 1 month, he refused to tell ISIS the location of the treasures of Palmyra unto death. A Police Officer in New Zealand used excessive force during an arrest. The three other officers at the scene immediately reported the incident to their supervisor and appeared as witnesses against the officer in court. North Korea fires shells at South Korean military along western border Cyanide levels at Tianjin explosion 356 times the limit Narcolepsy medication modafinil is world's first safe 'smart drug'  They concluded that the drug, which is prescribed for narcolepsy but is increasingly taken without prescription by healthy people, can improve decision making, problemsolving and possibly even make people think more creatively. Mexicos government on Wednesday slammed US presidential hopeful Donald Trumps proposals to deport undocumented immigrants en masse and make Mexicans pay for a wall separating the two countries as absurd, racist and ignorant. Ashley Madison leak confirmed to be real and worse than originally thought. Russians are experiencing the first sustained decline in living standards in the 15 years since President Vladimir V. Putin came to power. MPs and peers state that drug use is a human right and call for drug policy reform and human rights legislation that could be used to decriminalise possession, purchase and growing of drugs. Alberta man fined for Fuck Harper sign July 2015 was the warmest month ever recorded for the globe, according to records dating back to 1880 Journalist from The Beijing Daily sneaked into the Tianjin site and provided an account of what he saw Migrants crisis Slovakia 'will only accept Christians' Half of Jerusalem Arabs want to be Israelis Global banks are facing a threat of lawsuits worth billions of dollars following a landmark settlement in New York over rigging in currency markets.Lawyers warned the victory opens the floodgates for an even greater number of claims in London, the largest foreign exchange trading hub in the world. South Korea orders evacuation of residents from border area after exchange of fire with North Korea People who work 55 hours or more per week have a 33 percent greater risk of stroke and a 13 percent greater risk of coronary heart disease than those working standard hours, researchers reported on Wednesday. Islamic State (IS) militants are destroying satellite dishes and television receivers in civilian homes to prevent people from watching dangerous foreign channels that air antiIS reports Germany refugee riot injures 15 after Koran defaced Nazi gold train 'found in Poland' Indictment Palestinian Authority money used by terror cell to kill Israeli civilian. The money was provided as a monthly stipend to the cell's leader after his release from Israeli jail in a prisoner exchange Renewables supplied 49.8% of Scotland's 2014 electricity demand 47% of Taiwan's poulation lacks alcoholmetabolizing gene Germany expects refugee numbers to quadruple to record 800,000 Hepatitis C sufferer imports lifesaving drugs from India, takes on global pharmaceutical company Kim Jong Un orders North Korea military to prepare for war (from Friday at 5 PM) Zurich cops 'won't report' on criminals' ethnicity  Zurich communal authorities have instructed city police to stop releasing the nationality of criminals to the media to avoid stigmatization. Greek PM Alexis Tsipras announces his resignation, triggering snap elections. Pakistani Terrorist Gets a Film Banned Because It Makes Him Look Bad Russia Wants Composer Rachmaninoffs Remains Back  A Russian minister sparks an international debate by announcing his intention to reclaim Rachmaninoffs remains from a cemetery in New York state. He received American citizenship shortly before death. His music was banned in Soviet Russia. Chinese police arrest 15,000 for Internet crimes that jeopardized Internet security. China launched a sixmonth program last month, codenamed Cleaning the Internet. Russia threatens to block Wikipedia over cannabis page Victoria to fasttrack the construction of 50 new wind turbines worth $200m  Premier Daniel Andrews has moved in an opposite direction to Tony Abbott over renewable energy with a plan he says will create 1,000 jobs for regional Victoria Park orders military to sternly deal with any N. Korean provocations Refugee center in Germany set ablaze following rioting over torn Koran North Korea says preparation for military action is complete BP lobbied against EU support for clean energy to favour gas, documents reveal  BP was part of oil & gas lobby that successfully undermined EU renewable energy targets & subsidies in favour of gas as a climate fix in 2011 S. Korea, U.S. raise their WATCHCON alert level after N. Korea's shelling Sumatran Rhinos Now Extinct in Malaysia Religious instruction to be scrapped from curriculum next year in Victoria, Australia Turkey accuses BBC of supporting terrorism over PKK female fighter report. Turkey called on the BBC to treat the PKK the same way they did the Irish Republican Army during bombing attacks on Northern Ireland Antarctic scientists have confirmed the existence of cosmic neutrinos  ghostly particles that have traveled from the Milky Way and beyond. These particles carry messages from distant galaxies, and could potentially help solve several cosmic puzzles. The Wikipedia page of things banned in Russia may soon include Wikipedia itself | Russias media regulator, Roskomnadzor, is threatening to ban Wikipedia due to an entry about that contains a recipe for charas, a form of hashish China plunders Zimbabwe wildlife All goods bought from overseas (Amazon etc) into Australia will face a 10 per cent goods and services tax from July 2017 under a landmark deal agreed to by state and territory treasuries. Queensland kills 621 sharks in a yr under protection program  State fisheries minister denies the program is a cull but is merely aimed at catching sharks near popular beaches Peru, against US opposition, approves shooting down of small planes suspected of carrying drugs New study finds that Humans are 'superpredators' like no other species in history Romanian workers in Berlin say they are being exploited. Israel hits Syria with air and artillery fire after 4 rockets land near Lebanon border A group of US Marines foiled a potential terror attack on a French train North Korea warns it 'will attack South at 8.30am Saturday' as Kim Jongun declares state of war Explosion at chemical warehouse in China's Shandong province U.S. confirms Islamic State use of chemical weapons Magnetic Wormhole Created in Lab  This device can transmit the magnetic field from one point in space to another point, through a path that is magnetically invisible, said study coauthor Jordi PratCamps, a doctoral candidate in physics at the Autonomous University of Barcelona in Spain. North Korea Official Kim Jong Un Approves Final Attack Operation On South Korea S. Korea, U.S. fly 8 combat jets in show of force against N. Korea Povertystricken people are being encouraged to plead guilty to crimes they did not commit out of fear they will face crippling costs imposed by new financial penalties, leading lawyers, magistrates and campaigners have warned. London schoolgirl 'radicalisedy parents' IS propaganda must be removed from home, judge rules Nasa has confirmed  after rumours swept the internet about an imminent asteroid strike expected between 15 and 28 September  that the twoweek period in question will be entirely free of Earthdestroying space attacks. DPRK has positioned artillery inside the DMZ and moved additional forces to the lines. China stocks crash 11% in a week DPRK and ROK still in high level negotiation well after midnight in an apparent move to end escalation. Ashley Madison faces $578M Canadian classaction lawsuit Islamic State is systematically destroying heritage sites, says UNESCO chief Plane crashes at airshow in West Sussex Slovakia Will Only Take Christian Migrants Because Muslims 'Won't Like It Here' White House ISIS No. 2 killed by US strike Koreas to hold talks amid tension Indias obesity problem is so huge, officials want to ban junkfood sales to students  A government committee recommended a prohibition on vendors of highfat and highsugar treats within 656 feet of campuses. South Korea ready to respond to further 'provocations' as North's deadline looms. Seoul says it will continue border propaganda broadcasts unless North accepts responsibility for landmine explosions that wounded 2 South Korean soldiers earlier this month North Korea suffers Internet outages in leadup to potential war Asylum 'could cost Germany 10bn' in 2015  Based on new projections for the number of asylum seekers expected to arrive in Germany this year, the country may have to find 10 billion to fund its already creaking system. Malaysian politician Jews and white people are out to destroy Malaysian Muslims by turning them against the Prime Minister Najib Razak Thousands of migrants rush past police into Macedonia Thousands of prehistoric mammoth tusks are being dug out of the melting permafrost of the Arctic. They are then shipped to China for the ivorycarving industry, causing some scientists to question whether this perfectly legal trade should be banned. Dresden riots Protesters in Germany attack refugee buses shouting 'foreigners out' N. Korean 'subs out for operations, artillery doubled,' talks with South resume Tianjin Officials All Those Dead Fish Are Nothing to Worry About  Chinese authorities deny deaths of 1000s of fish near scene of a catastrophic industrial disaster are linked to last weeks chemical explosions in Tianjin that killed at least 114 people. Swiss army ends 31day cow rescue mission  Crew airlifted water to thirsty cows during drought, delivering 1,840 tons of water July 20thAug 19. The mission suffered a minor diplomatic incident when the Swiss army took water from lakes in the French Jura. Australia, New Zealand firefighters head to US western states to battle blazes. A Million North Koreans Volunteer To Fight Islamic leaders join growing religious outcry over climate change  Call on faithful, urging Muslims to phase out greenhouse gas emissions & commit to renewable energy. Scholars from 20 countries issue Islamic Declaration on Climate Change, asking worlds 1.6 billion Muslims to do their part. How AT&T Helped the NSA Spy on Millions | United States of Secrets | FRONTLINE 31 Police Officers Injured as AntiImmigrant Protesters Riot in Germany | VICE News South Korean spokesman says highlevel talks with North Korea have adjourned until Sunday afternoon United Arab Emirates special forces frees British hostage held by Alqaeda Yemen Worlds oldest message in a bottle ever found finally washes up after 108 years Romanian city offers free rides on public transport if you're reading a book Belarusian President Frees All 6 Political Prisoners Freeing political prisoners was a condition set by the European Union and United States for improved relations with Belarus Chinese mock claims Beijing is most liveable city in the country Millions Of Dollars Worth Of Dissolved Gold and Silver Found in Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand Kurds Fighting the Islamic State Enraged at Turkey Over Brutal Killing of Female Fighter S. Korea's six fighter jets return home ahead of schedule from Alaska drills Russia, China start joint air, navy drills Italian navy rescues 4,400 migrants off Libya coast World's largest solar power station to come up in Madhya Pradesh, India Protest in Lebanon against corruption and the garbage problem leads to clash with the police. IndiaPakistan peace talks collapse hours before start Hundreds of migrants crossed unhindered from Greece into Macedonia on Sunday after overwhelmed security forces appeared to abandon a bid to stem their flow through the Balkans to western Europe following days of chaos and confrontation. Twitter has forced 30 websites that archive politician's deleted tweets to shut down, removing an effective tool to keep politicians honest The police officer who leaked the footage of the surfers paradise police brutality, where the victims blood was washed away by officers, has been criminally charged for bringing it to the publics view. Officers who did the bashing get nothing. The Australian Stock Market has plunged 2.5% in the first 20 minutes of opening for the week, losing $20 billion. The Chinese Stock Market has dropped 7% just an hour after opening, and the ripple effects are starting to be seen worldwide as markets open Chinese troops head to border with North Korea Two Ashley Madison clients reported to have taken their lives after hackers published their details  Canada police South Korea vows not to turn off its loudspeakers at the border unless North Korea apologizes Russia fined $115,000 for snubbing Canadas anthem at world hockey championships S. Korea Detects Unusual Submarine Activity From North as Envoys Meet Twitter has killed Politwoops, which monitored politicians deleted tweets in 30 countries Multiple explosions reported at US military facility in Japan Earth is on track to lose an Indiasized chunk of its tropical forests by midcentury Train gunman's lawyer He only meant to rob people, found Kalashnikov in a park near train station Boy stumbles, leaves hole in valuable painting at Da Vinci exhibit in Taipei. Pokemon World Championship Police seize firearms and arrest two men who promised to 'kill the competition' South Korea resumes loudspeaker operations Moday morning No Sign of End to Korea Talks as Kim Steps Up Force Mobilization World's fastestmelting glacier loses massive chunk in 2 days. This glacier alone could contribute more to sea level rise than any other single feature in the Northern Hemisphere, NASA stated on its website. Protests reject TPP as corporate power grab U.K. Orders Google To Forget 9 News Articles About The Right To Be Forgotten Russian ruble collapses to 7month low on weak oil prices 'I'm very scared' Russians brace for a ban on medical imports  The proposed ban has sparked dismay in Russia, where many hospitals are woefully underequipped Tension grows over 'lost' North Korean submarines as South Korea searches for vessels Kim Jongun snubs China's invitation to military parade U.S. confirms that Islamic State used mustard gas in a mortar attack on Kurdish forces in Makhmour on August 11th Chances Of Agreement From InterKorean Talks Not High, S. Korea, US Raise WATCHCON to Level 2 The first UN privacy chief has said the world needs a Geneva convention style law for the internet to safeguard data and combat the threat of massive clandestine digital surveillance. Israeli President Israel has 'right' to settle in West Bank For me, our right to this land is not a matter of political debate. It is a basic fact of modern Zionism China censoring Black Monday on countrys biggest search engine, Baidu, stopping citizens looking for information about financial chaos North and South Korea reach agreement to ease tensions. NK to apologize for landmines, SK to stop propaganda broadcasts. Russia lifts ban on Wikipedia 50 North Korean Submarines Have Reportedly Vanished in an 'Unprecedented' Deployment Ukrainian filmmaker Oleg Sentsov sentenced to 20 years in jail in southern Russia on terrorist charges Koreas end marathon talks aimed at defusing tensions, reach agreement ISIS throws 9 homosexuals from tall building in Mosul Shanghai stock market opens down 6.1% Over 2,000 Russian troops killed during Ukraine invasion Russia bans Wikipedia 26 Japanese universities to abolish humanities, social sciences UNESCO calls ISILs destruction of ancient Roman temple a war crime World's greatest ever haul of supersize cave lion bones found in Urals  They also found a cave bear skull pierced with an ancient spear. Weapons also found. Germany opens its gates Berlin says all Syrian asylumseekers are welcome to remain, as Britain is urged to make a 'similar statement' Only 3 of 116 Guantnamo detainees were captured by US forces There is great reason to disbelieve claims that detainees are the worst of the worst, including the fact that many were sold to the US for a bounty, not based on any real quality intelligence the US had gathered North Korea Seoul learned a lesson about 'provocations' Court tells Russia to pay damages to Netherlands 'Thousands' of political heavyweights hold Swiss accounts official A new Hindu temple in UAE's Abu Dhabi is getting Saudis riled up Sweden Democrats gain in another record poll  The Sweden Democrats scored record support in another poll on Tuesday, backing up previous surveys suggesting that voters are abandoning mainstream parties in favour of the nationalists. Japan delivers whiskey to space station_ for science The Richest Guy in Asia Loses $3.6 Billion in the Market Rout I know what apartheid was, and Israel is not apartheid, says S. African parliament member Switzerland has completed the construction of the 57 km long Gotthard Base Tunnel, connecting Milan to Zurich Ancient Greek palace unearthed near Sparta dates back to 17th century BC. Nearly a billion monarch butterflies have vanished. Now their haven in Mexico is also disappearing More than 52 acres of a haven where the butterflies hibernate over winter has been degraded, mostly by deforestation from illegal logging, with drought helping the decline. Secret 'dark net' operation saves scores of children from sexual abuse Rare Nautilus Sighted For The First Time In Three Decades ISIS Brutalizes Boys to Create an Army of Child Soldiers, Victims Say. Israeli NGO accused of subsidizing Jewish extremists with US money North Korea's 50 Missing Submarines Have Apparently Reappeared Following Truce Canadian dollar slips below 75 cents for first time since 2004 Hungary may use army to secure border against migrants. Poland drought Jewish tombstones and fighter plane uncovered as rivers run dry. Prolonged drought has seen rivers fall to record lows, throwing up archaeological remnants and relics of Polands wartime past The mayor of Venice, who this month had a public row with British rock star Elton John over family values, has said he never wants to see a Gay Pride parade take place in the lagoon city while he is in charge New Milestone 2.5Mln Europeans Sign Online Petition to Stop TTIP, CETA US to welcome 5,000 to 8,000 Syrian refugees in 2016 By 2050, an area of forests the size of India is set to be wiped off the planet if humans continue on their current path of deforestation, according to a new report. Thats bad news for the creatures that depend on these forest ecosystems for survival, but its also bad news for the climate Snowden of the Sea Researchers Name New Crayfish After NSA Leaker Canada has engineered bacteria that send a remote signal when water sources get polluted Migrants crisis Germany's Merkel booed at Heidenau centre Thailand destroys ivory stockpile in ceremony amid junta crackdown on illegal trade A pioneering procedure has led to a baby being born from the same womb that nurtured his mother. The Swedish mother, who lost her uterus to cancer in her 20s, said it was unimaginable that she now had her own child thanks to her mothers donated womb. TransPacific Trade Agreement Potential damage to global public health Germany has reportedly begun taking steps towards banning the use of all genetically modified crops. New rules will allow individual member states to block farmers from using GM organisms, even if the variety has been approved on an EUwide basis. Senior Iran aide Israel should be annihilated, and this is our ultimate slogan Italy hits back at Merkel in migrants row  Italy's foreign minister Asking Greece and Italy to do their duty on immigration is like asking a country hit by floods to step up the production of umbrellas Court orders Russia to pay compensation for Greenpeace ship seizure. A court in the Netherlands has ordered Russia to pay compensation for seizing the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise during a protest against an offshore oil platform two years ago India just turned off mobile internet for 63 million citizens amid protests in Ahmedabad Germany hands over citizens metadata in return for NSAs top spy software German Justice Minister criticizes Facebook's double standards German users are struggling to understand why Facebook is quick to ban nudity, but often fails to ban posts that constitute the criminal offense of incitement to hatred. ConfirmedLongLost Nazi loot train found in Poland Up to 50 refugees found dead in truck in Austria Newspaper reports initial indications were that they suffocated. Delta governor(Nigeria) scored more votes than number of voters, INEC confirms Mystery as rare saiga antelopes drop dead in their thousands. The world population of saiga antelope has halved in less than two weeks after 140,000 animals perished on the Kazakhstan steppes without any obvious cause. Diamonds Worth Millions Vanish from 'Russia's Fort Knox' Rough diamonds worth millions of dollars have reportedly disappeared from Russia's supposedly impenetrable repository created by the Bolsheviks to store the tsar's jewels. According to the 23year record of satellite data from NASA and its partners, the sea level is rising a few millimeters a year  a fraction of an inch. If you live on the U.S. East Coast, though, your sea level is rising two or three times faster than average. Muslims not doing 'enough' to fight Islamic State Jordan's Queen Rania Denmark cuts benefits for asylum seekers  Danish lawmakers on Wednesday approved cutting welfare benefits for new asylum seekers in a bid to curtail arrivals. Israel Professor Uri Shanas launches crowdfunding campaign to buy 1.4% of earth for conservation First female prime minister for Greece announced Fake Goldman Sachs bank found in China TTIP controversy The European Commission and Big Tobacco accused of coverup after heavily redacted documents released Ethiopia has launched the first space program in East Africa Knut the polar bear's cause of death revealed  They analysed samples of Knuts cerebrospinal fluid and found high levels of an antibody known to attack a glutamate receptor in the brain. In humans, this is a sign of a disease called autoimmune encephalitis, the first ever reported in a nonhuman. Drunk Gunman Fires 30 Shots and Kills Four at Traveler Camp in North of France Saudi Arabia is set to break its own record of 192 beheading as the country has executed 102 condemned prisoners Tajikistan Steps Up Fight Against Islamic Radicalization, bans the sale of hijabs and niqabs. Britishborn Isis hacker killed US drone strike in Syria kills Junaid Hussain North Korea's shiny new airport falls short of expectations Sea levels are rising around the world and the latest satellite data suggests that one metre or more is unavoidable in the next 100200 years, NASA scientists have said. The Nations That Will Be Hardest Hit by Water Shortages by 2040  The nations most likely to be hit by severe and continuous water shortages by 2040 include Bahrain (which will be the single most waterstressed), Israel, Palestine, Spain, and Chile. China warehouse explosion in Tianjin leads prosecutors to detain government officials, company executives Canada will not sign a TransPacific Partnership trade deal that would allow Japanese vehicles into North America with fewer parts manufactured here, says Ed Fast, the federal minister of international trade. An unelected allmale village council in India has ordered that two sisters be raped as punishment for their brother eloping with a married woman. They also ordered for the sisters to be paraded naked with blackened faces. Pirate Bay Founder Released From Jail But Immediately ReArrested USA asked Norway to arrest Edward Snowden German sailor Erik Heil has required surgery for a serious skin infection after competing in a test regatta for the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games. Hamas just released a video showing off their rebuilt Gaza tunnels. A lawyer who represented Christian churches that had their crosses torn down by the Chinese government has disappeared China likely to drag the world into global recession, Citibank says 4.4 magnitude earthquake in northern B.C. caused by fracking Canadian whooping cough cases soar over last year; only 72 % kids in affected area are vaccinated TTIP deal Business lobbyists dominate talks at expense of trade unions and NGOs This is a corporate discussion, not a democratic one Japanese police bracing for gang war as Yamaguchigumi mafia group splits Reports Japans biggest crime syndicate is about split with potential outbreak of violence between breakaway group and those loyal to leader Tsukasa Turkish police have detained two British journalists from Vice News for reporting from the predominantly Kurdish southeast without government accreditation, security sources said on Friday. CocaCola to Replenish 100% of Water It Uses 5 Years Ahead of Schedule Fury as archaeological site ruined and replaced with picnic table Brazil's economy enters recession Israel makes video to thank Shanghai for helping Jews during Holocaust Australian Border Force recieves new military uniforms, ordered to stop citizens and ask for their papers in Melbourne this weekend Swiss envoy says invest in Iran, Middle East's pole of stability as Europeans race back to Iran European Commission officials have held hundreds of meetings with lobbyists to discuss the proposed Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) treaty  yet only around one in ten is with public interest groups. As shoals of anchovies and sardines have migrated south into cooler waters, the population of African Penguins that feeds on the fish has plummeted by 90 percent since 2004 along South Africas west coast  the continents only species of the flightless bird  are at risk of extinction. Australian 'Border Force' to patrol Melbourne CBD as part of antisocial behaviour operation HIV particles do not cause AIDS, the body's own immune cells do researchers revealed that the HIV 'death pathway'  how 95 percent of cells die from the virus  is only initiated if the virus is passed by the hosts own immune system, not if cells are infected by freefloating viral particles. Wikileaks hacker turned FBI informer pleads guilty to sexual assault charges against nine boys in Iceland Wife of a former Afghan translator for the British Forces loses baby after being punched in the stomach by a Taliban commander for refusing to reveal her husband's whereabouts. 7Eleven Australia has been found to be systematically paying its workers half the minimum wage at stores around the country. Julian Assange 'told Edward Snowden not seek asylum in Latin Americaecause he could have been kidnapped and possibly killed there | WikiLeaks founder says he told the NSA whistleblower he could be kidnapped or killed, and that he was better off sheltering in Russia despite negative PR The most rigorous test of quantum theory ever carried out has confirmed that the spooky action at a distance that the German physicist famously hated  in which manipulating one object instantaneously seems to affect another, far away one  is an inherent part of the quantum world. Canada government suspends scientist for folk song about prime minister  The song was written by Tony Turner, who worked at govt agency Environment Canada & is a mainstay on the Ottawa folk music scene NASA begins yearlong 'Mars isolation' experiment | A crew testing how a small group of humans might cope with a trip to Mars has started their 12month mission. They will have to eat, communicate, and live exactly as they would on Mars  in a tiny dome in Hawaii. Former Catholic archbishop found dead ahead of child sexual abuse trial Zimbabwe to Ship 100s of Elephants to China  24 already sent & 170 on the way. Deal is all the more controversial since demand for ivory among Chinese consumers is propelling poaching to historic levels. They're to be in a park where wild animals appear in circusstyle performances. Japanese high school students form labor union for protection in parttime jobs 2015 will be the hottest year on record y a mile', experts say Several Belgian police officers to be given special protection after pictures of them and their family members found on the phone of a suspected terrorist Malaysian government bans the color yellow hours before peaceful rally for cleaner elections El Salvador records 51 violent deaths in single day Tens of thousands of Malaysians wearing yellow Tshirts and blowing horns defiantly held a major rally in the capital Saturday to demand the resignation of embattled Prime Minister Najib Razak Middle East faces water shortages for the next 25 years, study says  Rising population & dwindling water supplies will affect millions of people & exacerbate conflict in the region Bryce Casavant, who refused to kill bear cubs, removed from Conservation Service Chad executes 10 Boko Haram members by firing squad sources Bangkok bomb Thai police arrest man over Erawan blast Finland detains Russian citizen accused of computer fraud in U.S. Snowden may get freedom prize at border | The Norwegian academy which gave Edward Snowden a free speech prize is planning to hold a symbolic ceremony for the whistleblower at the country's farnorthern border with Russia Hereford (UK) couple married for 45 years separated over visa row. Mrs Summers (Dutch by birth) has been forced to fly to her home in Canada leaving her husband alone in hospital as he recovers from a cancer operation. The U.S. military confirmed on Friday that a British hacker who was one of the Islamic State movement's top computer experts and active in encouraging people abroad to carry out lone wolf attacks was killed in Syria by a U.S. air strike. Malaysia braces for major protests against PM Najib Razak  Switzerland expressed regret on Friday after its ambassador to Iran displayed a cartoon depicting two doves defecating on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus head Polish official says gold train 99% likely to exist FBI demanded Scandinavian countries arrest Edward Snowden should he visit 'Illegal' mass protest across Malaysia calling for prime minister's resignation and fair elections after revelation he took $700million in state funds BMW All Models Electric Within Decade  intends to convert all its vehicles to some configuration of plugin hybrid. New range of cars could be driven by separate electric motors powering the front/rear wheels, with small gasoline engine to generate electricity to extend the range of the batteries Ukraine just published detailed intelligence of Russian troop movements and equipment Massive gas field discovered off Egypt is potentially 'one of the world's largest'  5.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent, says Italian energy firm Eni. Picture of desperate man selling pens in Lebanon's streets with daughter inspired online fundraiser that has gone viral raising over $130,000 Conservationists appalled at illegal killing of 25m birds a yr in Mediterranean | Glued, poisoned, trapped, shot  a shocking report reveals enforcement failure at a colossal scale as hunters across southern Europe & the Middle East kill birds with impunity Only 16 female voters registered in Saudi municipal elections A road accident in Swaziland has killed 38 girls and seriously injured 20 others who were on their way to a traditional ceremony where King Mswati III can choose a new wife, prodemocracy activists reported. Large Hadron Collider Subatomic particles have been found that appear to defy the Standard Model of particle physics. The scientists working at CERN have found evidence of leptons decaying at different rates, which could be evidence for nonstandard physics Tens of thousands protest defense bills outside Japan's diet. No to war legislation! Scrap the bills now! and Abe, quit! they chanted during the demonstration in the government district in Tokyo, filling the street outside the front gate of the parliament Marine Le Pen calls for end to legal immigration to France  French farright leader Marine Le Pen has called for an end to all immigration to France, legal and illegal The Netherlands is set to toughen its asylum policy by cutting off food and shelter for people who fail to qualify as refugees. Failed asylum seekers would be limited to a few weeks shelter after being turned down, if they do not agree to return home. U.S. Official Saudis Have Used Cluster Bombs in Yemen Sweden's farright Sweden Democrats, which recently topped an opinion poll for the first time, want a referendum to be held on the country's generous immigration policy, its party leader said Saturday. Migrant traffickers open fire on Greek coast guard, 1 dead Mexican opium production has risen to meet heroin demand in U.S. Production is predominantly in the southwestern Guerrero state, which its governor, Rogelio Ortega Martnez says is now on par with Afghanistan in terms of heroin production Amari says TPP may be halted if no deal is reached before Canada election in October Poaching increasing, 749 rhinos poached in 2015 Spanish authorities have arrested a American man on charges of enslavement and diamond pillaging during Sierra Leone's civil war, a victims' association said on Saturday Smugglers who drove migrants to their deaths were part of a vast web The oil and gas producer Nexen Energy, a Canadian subsidiary of China's CNOOC, was forced to suspend operations Saturday at 95 pipelines after a major leak last month Egypt sentences 3 AlJazeera reporters to 3 years in prison for broadcasting false news Europe's openborder policy Schengen may be nearing its end French gypsies block major motorway to Calais with burning tyres in demonstration after shooting at camp About That Airplane Part That Was Supposed to Solve the MH370 Mystery... Mysterious Wooden Idol Found in Russia is 11,000 years old, The Shigir Idol is twice as old as the Pyramids and Stonehenge  and is by far the oldest wooden structure in the world. Covered in a code no one can decipher. India virtually eliminates tetanus as a killer of newborns and mothers, a year after it eliminated polio Russian fighter pilots will begin arriving in Syria in the coming days, and will fly their Russian air force fighter jets and attack helicopters against ISIS and rebelaligned targets within the failing state. Corporate Developers Seize Indigenous Lands in Brazil and Hire Hit Men to Murder Residents Saudi Arabia is the Great ISIS  says Yemeni army spokesman Nestle says forced labor has no place in our supply chain following a U.S. class action lawsuit that alleges the Swiss food company knowingly supported a system of slave labor and human trafficking to make its Fancy Feast cat food France will ban cars from the streets of Paris for one day next month, turning the city over to pedestrians and cyclists  the move is timed to coincide with the upcoming United Nations climate conference A new era? Iranians erase 'Death to America' graffiti from wall of former US embassy in Tehran VICE News crew facing terrorism charges in Turkey on Monday. ISIS blows up biggest temple at Palmyra MI6 spy found dead in holdall 'hacked into secret data about Bill Clinton' Nearly 100 Afghan schoolgirls fell sick on Monday, prompting officials in the western city of Herat to investigate whether they were poisoned by Taliban militants. Singapore lifts ban on HIVpositive visitors Foreigners with HIV will be able to visit for up to three months but will still be prevented from staying long term or working in the citystate. Bin Laden should have been tried, not killed  UK opposition party leader frontrunner A loud explosion shook central Kiev near the countrys parliament building Monday as lawmakers voted for constitutional changes to give its eastern regions a special status. Slashing household solar subsides will kill off industry, government told Tony Blair 'tried to save Colonel Gaddafi' just before bombing of Libya Sierra Leone Officials confirm new Ebola death Brazil mayor who ran town via WhatsApp wanted for corruption US considering sanctions over Chinese cyber theft Report Hezbollah enlisting West Bank youth to carry out terror attacks against Israel Tehran will continue to strengthen the axis of resistance in order to deal with the Zionist entity. Migration crisis Germany, France and Britain demand urgent EU meeting Thousands urge help for Indian sisters ordered raped Red Sea stinging jellyfish 'invading' Mediterranean through Suez Canal  The newlyenlarged canal is forming a superhighway for invasive species. Expansion did away with natural barrier. We have this corridor pushing in alien species. Some, like devil firefish, are beautiful but deadly. Borussia Dortmund offers 220 Syrian refugees free tickets to watch their match, which means a football club has welcomed more Syrian refugees than the entirety of the Syrian refugees welcomed by the UK Canada officially in recession Cuba goes all in on English, amid closer US ties  Now that Cuba has restored diplomatic ties with the United States, teaching English in schools will be a priority 11 years in a row, South Korea is No. 1 in suicide rate followed by Hungary and Japan Obama on Climate Change Act Now or Condemn World to a Nightmare MI6 spy Gareth Williams who was found dead in locked bag had 'hacked secret files about US president Bill Clinton' Up to 90% of seabirds have plastic in their guts  Australian scientists updated estimates & say plastic in the ocean is increasing. It's pretty astronomical. In the next 11 yrs we will make as much plastic as has been made since industrial plastic production began in the 1950s. On September 15, a group of activists affiliated with the Show Us Ya Text campaign will converge on New Zealand's Parliament in an attempt to seize the text of the TransPacific Partnership Agreement (TPPA) More than 11,000 Icelanders offer to house Syrian refugees to help European crisis Did India village council really order rape of two sisters? Local police and officials say no such order was given Russia has opened a laboratory in Siberia devoted to the study of extinct animal DNA in the hope of creating clones, it's reported. A rare celestial event is scheduled for September 28, 2015  a total lunar eclipse and the closest supermoon of the year. This full Moon is also known as the Harvest or Blood Moon, because it ends the current lunar tetrad. Three Category 4 hurricanes form over Pacific Ocean for first time in recorded history 65% of Europes electronic waste is stolen or mismanaged  Something stinks about Europes trash. A 2yr investigation into Europes electronic waste found most of it is stolen, mismanaged, illegally traded, or just thrown away. Police raided the offices of a Turkish media group after the Bugn daily ran a story exposing the transfer of weapons and explosives to ISIS from Turkey to Syria ISIS Shows Off Its AmericanMade M16 Rifles If We Rescued the Banks We Can Save Refugees, Merkel Says.Chancellor Angela Merkel said Germany must respond to the European refugee crisis with the same resolve it showed in rescuing banks and her government will spend billions of euros to handle the tide of migrants. ISIS affiliate in Gaza claims responsibility for early morning failed rocket attack on Israel. Rocket fell in gaza. China made a journalist 'confess' to causing the stock market chaos Israeli doctors restore sight to 90 Kyrgyzstanis in marathon initiative Top Chinese hedge fund manager 'disappears' More than 10,000 Icelanders ready to welcome Syrians China stock probes send shivers through investment community If I dont come back, look after my wife Boko Haram on horses kill 79 in 3 attacks, locals say  CNN.com UN satellite imagery confirms 2000yearold Palmyra's Temple of Bel destroyed by ISIS. Thai police give cash reward to themselves after making Bangkok bombing arrest without any help Pakistan allows Taliban to meet, choose leader Defying warnings from Washington and the fury of Afghanistan's government, Pakistani authorities are turning a blind eye to a meeting of hundreds of Taliban supporters in Quetta. Obama secures Iran nuclear deal with Barbara Mikulski vote Scientists claim to have discovered the first new human prion in almost 50 years. Prions are misfolded proteins that make copies of themselves by inducing others to misfold. By so doing, they multiply and cause disease. Bill Gates calls for more funds to help world's poorest farmers. Billionaire philanthropist puts focus on protecting small farmers saying they are likely to suffer the most from climate change Australia, Victoria to ban protesters from harassing women at abortion clinics Three arrested in Paris over 'devil's breath' drug that turns victims into willing 'zombies' Hugo Chvez daughter is the richest individual in Venezuela, worth over $4 billion. A Japanese vertical farming company has begun construction on a vegetable 'factory' that is smaller than a football pitch but could produce 30,000 heads of lettuce daily Four months after quakes, Nepal fails to spend any of $4.1 billion donor money 150 Million workers from 10 unions goes on strike today, in India N.Korea would have 'no chance' in a conflict with South US Iceland Caps Syrian Refugees at 50; 10,000 Icelanders Respond by Offering Up Their Homes 'Isis' weapon shipment intercepted by Greek coastguard off Crete Mongolia in for double whammy drought now, dzud next. The drought has wiped out up to 80 per cent of its wheat crop and up next could be the worst winter in six years. German police forced to ask public to stop bringing donations for refugees arriving by train Prime Minister Cameron Rejects Call For Britain To Take More Refugees Iran official We'll bolster our military until Israel is overthrown Hundreds of Eurostar passengers stranded by migrants trying to get through tunnel Guatemalan Congress strips president's immunity  Vote clears way for President Otto Perez to be prosecuted over allegations he masterminded a massive corruption scheme. Migrants using fake Syrian passports to enter EU border agency  A market in fake Syrian passports has sprung up, particularly in Turkey, to help migrants and refugees enter the EU, the head of Europe's border agency Frontex said on Tuesday. Pakistan's ISI Gave Shelter To Mullah Omar, Hillary Clinton's Email Dump Reveals Yemen crisis Two Red Cross staff shot dead in Amran Gaza could be uninhabitable by 2020, says United Nations development agency US To Impose Sanction Against More Russian Individuals, Companies Over Ukraine Ceasefire London clinic accidentally reveals HIV status of 780 patients. The 56 Dean Street clinic apologises after sending newsletter disclosing names and email addresses of patients with HIV.