 Broadband access to be made a legal right in Ireland Norway becomes first country in the world to commit to zero deforestation One in three young South Africans victims of sexual abuse, report finds. Boys at higher risk than girls, with few safeguards in place to protect them Norway reportedly agrees on banning new sales of gaspowered cars by 2025 Pope Francis gives Vatican authority to initiate removal of bishops who don't act on sexual abuse cases Jeremy Corbyn I Would Kill TTIP In speech campaigning against Brexit, Labour leader vows to reject corporatefriendly EUU.S. trade deal Sudden appearance of crater dubbed the Gateway to the Underworld in Siberia is a warning to our warming planet Such slumps have been increasing in extent and intensity in the frozen north, scientists say Democracy is nothing to fear, Taiwan tells China on Tiananmen anniversary Thai police have charged 22 people, including three Buddhist monks, with wildlife trafficking and removed more dead animals including a bear and a leopard from the infamous Tiger Temple, authorities said on Friday. The British Government is creating a secret database by stitching together all of its records on the public (including passports and ANPR cameras), and doing so without informing Parliament Former FIFA President Sepp Blatter and two other top officials gave themselves annual raises and World Cup bonuses totaling nearly $80 million over the past five years, according to attorneys working for soccer's governing body. India's PM Modi inaugurates $290m dam in Afghanistan Cancer is entering a new era of personalised medicine with drugs targeted to the specific weaknesses in each patient's tumour, say doctors. US Launches Raids On IS From Aircraft Carrier Philippines police given more than $4,000 for killing drug traffickers  the first such rewards since presidentelect Rodrigo Duterte promoted bounties for criminals. Iran's Top Leader Rules Out Cooperation With US Against ISIS Sepp Blatter and Deputies Arranged Huge Payouts After Indictments, FIFA Says FIFA said three former top officials arranged to pay themselves more than $80 million over the past five years. Activists openly mark Tiananmen crackdown on Chinas streets US vows 'actions' if China builds new S. China Sea structures Many gas stations in Canada are experiencing a gas shortage due to the Fort McMurray wildfire continuing to spread Siberia's tattooed princess revealed 2,500yearold mummy to go on public display, but will be draped in fur to hide her modesty Mexican officials exhume 117 corpses from common grave Thousands protest violence against women in Argentina after 3 girls slain U.S. says has information on plans for terrorist attacks in South Africa U.S. fails to revive Iraqi army Pope Francis reveals new church law to deal with paedophile priests Catholic bishops who fail to sack paedophile priests can be removed from office Shoot him and I'll give you a medal  Philippine president encourages citizens to shoot drug dealers Switzerland rejects proposals for unconditional basic income by overwhelming majority ISIS kills dozens of own members amid spy scare NSA whistleblower Snowden says U.S. government carrying out mass surveillance in Japan BBC News Six hurt as shots fired at tourist bus in France Christians in Nigerias mainly Muslim north demanded Saturday that authorities do more to protect them after a woman was stabbed to death for allegedly insulting the Prophet Muhammad. A British exserviceman abandoned his Mount Everest climb some 500m from the summit to save a fellow mountaineer Chile Producing So Much Solar Energy Its Giving Electricity Away for Free  The countrys central grid has increased fourfold to 770 megawatts since 2013. German music festival Rock am Ring cancelled after more than 80 injured by lightning strikes Quebec Has Worst ER Wait Times In The Western World Report Chinese lawyer Wang Yu, facing a possible life sentence in China, was on Saturday awarded the prestigious Ludovic Trarieux Prize for her work defending human rights, organisers announced in Athens on Saturday. Dozens of gunmen in shootout with police, taking hostages in Kazakhstan Bus carrying 75 Czech tourists from Spain to the Czech Republic hit by gunfire in southeastern France, six tourists injured says prosecutor Iran says U.S. ally Saudi the real 'terrorism sponsor'  Tehran on Sunday dismissed its renewed blacklisting by Washington as a state sponsor of terrorism charging that it was U.S. allies including Riyadh that were the real culprits. Value of eco crimes soars by 26% with devastating impacts on natural world Environmental crime is now the worlds fourth biggest crime and is a growing threat to security and natural resources Austrian foreign minister suggests 'refugees should be held offshore' Top Bangladesh policeman's wife killed by suspected Islamists Tiger temple scandal exposes the shadowy billiondollar Asian trade 'There are more than 7,000 tigers being bred in captivity in 240 farms in SE Asia. China has 5,000 captive tigers, Thailand 1,450, Vietnam 180 and Laos around 400.' China says it will ignore South China Sea lawsuit decision We do not fear you Chinese admiral asserts Beijings right to South China Sea US vows 'actions' if China builds new South China Sea structures Russia, China Ready to Invest in Bolivia Amid Economic Stability  Morales The president pointed out that Russia and China never imposed conditions for their investments, as opposed to the United States that offered loans in exchange for privatization of Bolivian companies and natural resources. The United States warned its citizens on Saturday of possible attacks by Islamist militants on U.S. facilities or shopping malls in South Africa during the upcoming month of Ramadan, but the South African government said the country was safe. US Asks Russia to Not Hit Alqaeda in Syria Nearly 60% of Qatar population live in 'labour camps' UK pedophile Richard Huckle given 22 life sentences for serial sex abuse in Malaysia Neo Nazi who planned to kill Muslims and Jews in Euro 2016 terror attacks arrested by Special Forces, had massive arsenal of explosives and rifles Death threats sent to German MPs amid Erdogan anger at Armenia genocide vote  Turkish president says MPs who backed motion to recognise slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians are 'terrorists' with 'impure blood' Erdogan A woman who rejects motherhood is deficient andincomplete, urging women to haveat least three children Arctic sea ice to disappear for first time in 100,000 years U.S. Navy bans 18,600 sailors from drinking in Japan. ISIS publicly burns alive 19 Kurdish women for rejecting sex slavery ISIS extremists burn 19 Yezidi girls to death in Mosul They were punished for refusing to have sex with ISIS militants. Hours before the Federal Reserve Bank of New York approved four fraudulent requests to send $81 million from a Bangladesh Bank account to cyber thieves, the Fed branch blocked those same requests because they lacked information required to transfer money China restricts Ramadan fasting in Muslim region Govt websites Scientists grow human organs for transplant inside pigs In Honduras, a kidnapped gay rights activist has been found dead Stonehenge was dismantled in Wales and moved to Wiltshire, scientists claim | The Welsh connection isnt just about stones its likely to be a long term movement from west to east at this particular time, says archaelogist Mike Parker Pearson UK | Christian fundamentalist schools are teaching girls they must obey men. Former pupils reveal that homosexuality is being taught as unnatural, while Creationism is favoured over evolution in science lessons. Critically endangered Rhino who was given the royal seal of approval before being released back into the wild in Africa from UK has given birth to a healthy baby calf. Jaguar Land Rover sues Chinese automobile company for copying Evoque Anxiety disorders 'need more research', says global study Panama Papers Show How Rich United States Clients Hid Millions Abroad Brexit Won't end european project European parliament ViceChief Taiwan says won't recognize Chinese air defense zone over South China Sea South China Sea dispute China is trading aid for support for claims Five Jordanian officers killed in attack at Baqaa camp near Amman Bangladesh Minister suggests Israeli behind spate of killings of secular bloggers and minorities in Bangladesh German rightwing leader blasts 'dictator' Merkel A German rightwing populist politician has attacked Chancellor Angela Merkel as a dictator who is trying to replace the German people with migrants, a Sunday newspaper reported. Five Men in India Have Been Convicted for the Gang Rape of a Danish Tourist A biologist has accidentally discovered that electric eels can make leaping attacks that dramatically increase the strength of the electric shocks they deliver and, in so doing, has confirmed a 200yearold observation by famous 19th century explorer and naturalist Alexander von Humboldt. US returns over 200 artifacts worth more than $100 million to India ; Included in the collection is a bronze sculpture of the Hindu god Ganesh estimated to be 1,000yearold Ramadan The Chinese government has banned civil servants, students and children from taking part in fasting. For The First Time In India, Male Students Can Now File Sexual Harassment Complaints Against Women, Men And Transgenders Earliest evidence of controlled fire making in Europe found  Charred bone, heatrippled stone in Spanish cave date back 800,000 yrs. Cave has 2,300 heated or charred bones. Fossils of extinct animals also found with the tools. Some argue the the tools are some 600,000 yrs old. India's space agency (ISRO) creates biggest ever space coalition, over 60 space agencies involved including NASA, to establish an international system to centralise data to fight climate change. Explosion rocks Istanbul district near bus stop 30 Fukushima kids diagnosed with thyroid cancer in second check, upping total to 131 but radiation 'unlikely' cause Hindu priest shot, hacked to death in Bangladesh Israeli cabinet set to vote on decriminalizing cannabis within a week 'Alarming' rise in ransomware tracked Doctorassisted dying about to become legal in Canada Recall of Monsanto's Roundup likely as EU refuses limited use of glyphosate Stephen Hawkings finally published a solution to the black hole information paradox NATO allies launch largest Military exercise since end of Cold war in clear message to Russia Hagia Sophia Protests over Ramadan prayers held at Turkey's historic cathedral Christian fundamentalist schools teaching girls they must obey men, that homosexuality is unnatural and favouring Creationism over evolution  BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Israel finds artifacts hidden in Norwegian diplomatic car Openair toilet Police clear out migrant shantytown in Paris after locals complaints XRays Reveal Hidden Library on the Spines of Early Books  The words of the 8thcentury St Bede are among those being found by detecting iron, copper & zinc, contents of medieval ink, without damaging the printed books. Free WiFi coming all over Ho Chi Minh city Documents reveal feds' effort to discredit Snowden, reveal CIA ties UN asks governments for 2050 plans to phase out coal, oil and gas Zimbabwe Thousands March Against Mugabe UN Removes Saudi Arabia From Human Rights Blacklist After Just A Week, Faces Backlash  Rights groups accuse UN of flipflopping & giving into political manipulation. Journalists Are Backing Out of the Olympics Over Zika A United Nations whistleblower who was suspended for exposing the sexual abuse of children by peacekeepers has resigned over the organisations failure to hold senior officials to account. Long jump champion freezes sperm ahead of Olympics as Zika fears swirl Despite 'Moral Angst' About Inequality, World's Richest Just Keep Getting Richer 'Unless companies rein in executive salaries, pay their fair share of taxes, and invest in decent jobs the yawning gap between the haves and havenots will continue to grow' World's wealthiest people just got 5.2% wealthier | Business Denmark strips man of citizenship after terrorism conviction China Approves $15 Billion of Green Debt in Pollution Fight German and Swiss authorities have carried out raids seizing documents after learning a German private detective had investigated the MH17 air disaster. North Korea restarts plutonium production for nuclear bombs  U.S. official Saudi Arabia Threatened to Break Relations With U.N. Over Human Rights Criticism in Yemen Riyadh warned Turtle Bay it would pull hundreds of millions of dollars from U.N. programs if it was singled out for killing and maiming children in Yemen The list of the rich and powerful attending this year's Bilderberg Conference has been released  it includes bankers, prime ministers and former heads of the CIA and MI6. Israel honors Japan's Schindler who saved thousands of Jews in WWII Around 35 percent of Russians believe the government poses no threat to free speech and does not infringe on the activities of the independent media.87 percent of respondents said they never access news information from foreign sources. Kenya nationwide blackout caused by rogue monkey Migrants linked to 69,000 wouldbe or actual crimes in Germany in first three months of 2016 police Thailand eliminates mothertochild HIV transmission Erdoan's draconian new law demolishes Turkey's EU ambitions Asylum seekers' ages a guessing game for case workers  An internal report from the Migration Agency has found widespread uncertainty among staff when it comes to determining the age of refugees, who often arrive in Sweden without identification. Federal government orders Canada Post to stop delivering Toronto newspaper, calling it hate propaganda Time to make India Muslimfree Sadhvi Prachi UK bankers increased lobbying efforts in 2016, spending over $38 Million a year to influence EU lawmakers Report Israeli Air Force attacked Syrian weapons facility over weekend Russia deploys troops westward as standoff with NATO deepens building an army base near its border with Ukraine, the latest in a chain of new military sites along what the Kremlin sees as its frontline in a growing confrontation with NATO British police accused of helping to train Saudi 'torturers' | Home News | News Vandals Destroy 8,000YrOld Aboriginal Artworks in Tasmania  The priceless rock art is damaged beyond repair China plans massive sea lab 10,000 feet underwater Assisted Suicide Is Now Legal in Canada  And One Province Is Providing Free Drugs to Do It Shootings reported at food and retail center in central Tel Aviv Miners find 500yearold shipwreck filled with gold coins in Namibian desert Sir Tim BernersLee Internet has become 'worlds largest surveillance network' The 4 newest elements on the periodic table have just been named Migrant numbers plunge as Norway now 'less attractive'  Integration Minister Sylvi Listhaug says her moves to make Norway a less soughtafter destination for migrants have worked. ISIS defectors asking Western governments for help returning home Thousands of Walmart China workers organise online to oppose new working hours system.Walmart Workers Network, which usually fluctuates between 100200 members, grew to 10,000 in just a few weeks, according to Wang Shishu, the groups cofounder. Threaten one MP and you're attacking the whole parliament, Lammert tells Turkey. Germany's speaker of parliament has sharply criticized Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, following threats against GermanTurkish MPs. Norbert Lammert said top Turkish politicians had fuelled the fire. Bundestag urges Angela Merkel to stand up to Turkey BlackBerry hands over user data to help police 'kick ass,' insider says Israel Suspends Ramadan Entry Permits for 83,000 Palestinians Physicists confirm there's a second layer of information hidden in our DNA  ...the researchers have shown that there's more than one way that DNA mutations can affect us by changing the letters in our DNA, or simply by changing the mechanical cues that arrange the way a strand is folded. Three Syrian Hospitals Bombed in Just Three Hours Germans get richer while southern Europe lags study India truly aligned with America now, Indian Prime Minister Modi hints in his address to US Congress; common ojectives and collaborations being securing world peace to science technology and defence cooperation Palestinians celebrate terror attack in Tel Aviv, Saudis strongly condemn Germany Family Reunification Could Double Number of Syrians Erdogan's rage brings death threats to German MPs German MPs of Turkish origin faced death threats from people loyal to Turkish President Erdogan at the weekend after voting to declare Ottoman masacres of Armenians a genocide. Peru's forced sterilization trauma haunts election The doctors told Victoria Vigo her third child must be born by Cesarean. Without telling her, they also tied her fallopian tubes. She would have no more children. Irelands abortion laws violated woman's human rights, says UN Landmark ruling finds countrys restrictive abortion legislation subjected Amanda Mellet to emotional and mental suffering Spacex plans the first relaunch of one of its rockets in September or October of this year Nasa to map coral reefs from the air to show impact of climate change Scientists hope largescale maps will offer new insight into effects of warming and pollution as previous studies have almost always been done up close in the water. U.N. Chief Admits He Removed Saudi Arabia From ChildKiller List Due to Extortion German public pool bans the burqini Trans people in UK could face rape charges if they don't reveal gender history Hindu ashram (monastery) worker hacked to death in Bangladesh There have been systematic attacks in Bangladesh in recent months on minorities, secular bloggers, intellectuals and foreigners Naked & afraid German nudist colony protests refugee shelter over safety concerns Carbon dioxide has been pumped underground and turned rapidly into stone, demonstrating a radical new way to tackle climate change. The unique project promises a cheaper and more secure way of burying CO2 from fossil fuel burning underground, where it cannot warm the planet. AIDS deaths in India down 55% since 2007 ;HIV infections down by 66% since 2000 Kurdish Group Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack  Kurdistan Freedom Falcons warns tourists Turkey is no longer secure for you. U.S. widens war in Afghanistan, authorizes new action against Taliban UN Secretary General Ban Kimoon says he faced unacceptable pressure to remove the Saudiled coalition fighting in Yemen from a blacklist over child casualties. Mr Ban said a number of countries had threatened to cut off vital funding for many UN programmes. Refugee camp in Duesseldorf burned down by migrants Russia We will respond to entry of U.S. naval vessel into Black Sea For the first time ever, India has crossed a major milestone in the use of renewable energy; Total capacity of renewable energy projects(wind and solar energy) expanded to 42,850 MW, overtaking hydropower at 42,783 MW, out of the country's total capacity of 300,000 MW on April 30 Justin Trudeau defends deal to sell armored vehicles to the Saudis  Were not a banana republic The United States has wasted billions of dollars in reconstruction aid to Afghanistan over the past decade, and now a renewed Taliban insurgency is threatening the gains that have been made, the U.S governments top watchdog on Afghanistan said 67% Increase in Mexican MultiMillionaires Under Pea Nieto.Mexico is the second largest economy in Latin America and also one of the most unequal countries in the world. An estimated 61 million live in poverty Years before Big Oil began sowing doubt about the science of climate change and fighting efforts to cut dangerous emissions, the fossil fuel industry sought to muddle the research around smog Japan and India consider a joint Earth sciences space mission First freight train from India to Russia will start running in August The former attorneygeneral of Papua New Guinea has called for Australians to help investigate the police shooting at student protesters that left as many as a dozen wounded. Israel temporarily barring all Palestinians from entering Israel after Tel Aviv attack. Bog Butter Found in Irelands County MeathThe 2,000 yrs old waxy lump was 12 ft below bog. Butter, placed in wooden casket or animal hide, was buried in bogs to preserve it. This lump was not covered. It is at the juncture of 3 kingdoms, like a nomans land. U.S.backed forces cut off all routes into ISheld Manbij Syrian Observatory Military frees 225 hostages held by Boko Haram Mumbai has 25 days of water left in reservoirs.A 50% water cut has also been imposed on shopping malls, star hotels, factories and stadiums. Vandals burn 220 hives containing 250,000 bees in Malta Exclusive Studies find 'super bacteria' in Rio's Olympic venues, top beaches. Nigeria busts ISIS recruiting cell as U.S. dismisses group's affiliation with Boko Haram Milky Way no longer visible to one third of humanity, 60% of Europeans and almost 80% of North Americans, light pollution atlas shows. Scientists describe cultural loss of unprecedented magnitude. Hundreds Of Thousands Of People Have Been Enslaved In Eritrea, A Totalitarian African Dictatorship U.S. Approves 6 Airlines for Direct Flights to Cuba Global ad provider Google has come out in favor of the controversial TransPacific Partnership (TPP) trade agreement. Japan gives its first element a name, and it's nihonium Dutch woman held in Qatar after making rape complaint Under Israeli pressure, Facebook and Twitter delete large amounts of Palestinian content Physicists Confirm There's a Second Layer of Information Hidden in Our DNA. BBC investigation has found young migrants, including teenagers,are resorting to prostitution in the Greek capital, Athens. The United States has condemned Bashar alAssad's Syrian regime, accusing it of bombing starving civilians just hours after they received a longdelayed UN aid shipment. EnglandRussia fans could be explosive mix, warns France sports minister | Euro 2016 buildup marred by trouble involving England fans  Opening game with Russia in Marseille identified as risky Crowds steal flour, chicken and underwear in looting spree in Venezuela Bounty offered to kill Philippine president elect Rodrigo Duterte US college exam cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong after leak The Syrian military has reportedly attacked the besieged, rebelheld town of Darayya, dropping about thirty crudelymade bombs on it from helicopters.This came just hours after the government had finally allowed the United Nations to make a food aid delivery to the area  the first for four years. China Restricts Ramadan Fast For Muslim Uyghurs in Xinjiang 'Lost' Medieval City Discovered Beneath Cambodian Jungle | Angkor Wat & Temple Cities USBacked Forces Cut All Routes To ISHeld City Syria Twin bombings rock Damascus suburb Sayyida Zeinab | The Damascus district is home to Syria's holiest Shia place, the Sayyida Zeinab shrine. The night sky is vanishing, with the Milky Way no longer visible to one third of humanity including 60% of Europeans and nearly 80% of North Americans due to light pollution. Canada tells South African firefighters to leave 'as soon as possible' after they went on strike over a wage dispute Eritrean accused of being people smuggling kingpin says he is innocent | Man in custody in Italy after being extradited by Sudan tells lawyer he is not Medhanie Mered but Medhanie Berhe Pakistani Senator Threatens Activist With Rape on Live Television ISIS 'will target' the Rio Olympics 2016 says Brazil's antiterror chief Germany Thousands Surround US Air Base to Protest the Use of Drones Over 5,000 Germans formed a 5.5mile human chain to surround the base MH370 Debris discovered off south Australian coast means missing planes wreckage could span 10,000 km TwoThirds of the World to Suffer Water Scarcity in 10 Years NSA Looking to Exploit Internet of Things, Including Biomedical Devices, Official Says Walmart Canada to stop accepting Visa, says fees too high Eleven German MPs under police protection in 'genocide' row Drug traffickers burning down Guatemalan forest to make clandestine landing strips for planes carrying USbound cocaine have razed an area twice the size of Manhattan this year, officials say. Nuuk, Greenlands capital, was warmer than New York City soaring to 75 degrees (24 Celsius) Thursday, marking the warmest temperature ever recorded in the Arctic country during June. Tel Aviv mayor links terror attack to occupation, sparking outcry Revenge porn threats could be made a crime in England and Wales Chinas Dog Meat Festival Is Again at Hand, and Opponents Are Lining Up Japan, U.S., India kick off key joint naval exercises amid growing Chinese maritime assertiveness | The Japan Times ISIS terrorist executes his own brother in charge of apostasy England and Russia could be thrown out of Euro 2016 if there is more violence | Football Marseille erupts into chaos as English, French & Russian hooligans exchange violent attacks Oilrich Norway is taking a big step in saving tropical rainforests that are crucial to absorbing the world's carbon emissions. The Scandinavian country has become the first in the world to pledge not to use products that contribute to deforestation. Explosion in Shanghai Pudong Airport Elated women in Syria have removed their niqabs  the facecovering veil made compulsory by Isis  after their village was liberated from the jihadists. Bounty war Drug lords raise offer for Philippines leaders head to $1,000,000 Turkey's Jews host Ramadan iftar at restored synagogue  Turkey S. Korea to resume crackdown on Chinese fishing boats Bangladesh police have arrested 3,155 people in 24 hours following a spate of gruesome murders. ISIS Claims Responsibility for Blasts Near Syrian Shiite Shrine That Killed at Least 20 A Dutch woman who alleged she was raped after being drugged in an upscale nightclub in Doha was convicted of having sex out of wedlock by a Qatari court on Monday and given a oneyear suspended sentence. Islamic State claims responsibility for Orlando nightclub shooting Muslim students in Denmark banned from praying during school hours Turkish website reports 50 perverts killed in a bar The New Democrat Party of Canada is introducing a motion on Monday, calling on the liberal government to decriminalize simple possession of marijuana for personal use immediately. 5 Delhi Hospitals Fined $125 million For Refusing Free Treatment To Poor German MP calls for a travel ban on Erdogan  Sevim Dagdelen has urged action after receiving death threats over the Armenian genocide vote in Germany's parliament. She said she wants Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to be prevented from entering Germany. Exclusive Edward Snowden leaks reveal secret Scottish spy system Microsoft to buy Linkedin for $26.2 Billion Irish Prime Minister I'll meet Donald Trump and tell him why his views are racist and dangerous Islamic decree terms honor killing unIslamic act Reports of powerful explosion in Beirut India Is Building a $60 Million MonsoonPredicting Supercomputer Ukraine Holds Its First Major Gay Pride March in Kiev Cleric who preached death for homosexual acts and toured Orlando visits Sydney Greece will soon recognize Palestinian state, ruling party says Bangladesh arrests over 100 Islamists in crackdown after killings Russian hooligans were savage and organised, say England fans. The Australian government will establish a special $1 billion fund to protect the Great Barrier Reef from the ravages of climate change and declining water quality. Goldman Sachs hired prostitutes to win Libyan business, court told Wall Street Bank also accused of paying for travel and fivestar hotels by Libyan sovereign wealth fund, as UK high court hearing gets under way Ukraine holds its first largescale LGBT pride parade May Broke A New Record For Arctic Sea Ice Loss Oscar Pistorius to be sentenced for murder of Reeva Steenk the former athlete faces 15 years in jail after appeal court rejected culpable homicide verdict in shooting death of Steenkamp in 2013 At least 12 released Guantanamo detainees implicated in attacks on Americans Thousands flee Falluja using first safe exit route secured by Iraqi army Gay Chinese man sues mental hospital for trying to cure him with drugs and beatings Goldman Sachs hired prostitutes to win Libyan business 'Man holed up in Paris suburban home with hostages after killing policeman' A group of Pakistani clerics has issued a fatwa, or religious ruling, declaring honour killing over perceived damage to a family's reputation against the teaching of Islam, and anyone who carries out such an attack a heretic Animal Welfare Institute Report Norway is now the worlds leading whaling nation, killing more whales in the past two years than Japan and Iceland combined. ISIS leader alBaghdadi killed in air strike Report Leaked secret audio recordings of Brazils most powerful figures have sparked a series of explosive scandals in the nations ongoing political crisis. Now, Brazilian lawmakers are trying to outlaw publication of such recordings US with 5 percent of the world's population has nearly third of world's mass shootings London's mayor has banned 'unrealistic body images' from transport advertising University of Toronto under lockdown after report of armed man French police have started the process of deporting almost 50 Russia fans following violent clashes with England supporters that marred the opening days of Euro 2016. The Pirate Party charges back to the top of polls in Iceland with only four months until elections The atmosphere has hit a grim milestone  and scientists say well never go back within our lifetimes Barrier Reef rodent is first mammal declared extinct due to climate change Unprecedented 11 million supporters sign petition calling for the end of China's Yulin dog meat festival Bollywood is celebrating a rare court decision to overrule the country's chief censor, who had sought to censor a controversial film about drug problems in the state of Punjab. ISIS militants massacres 40 civilians in Ghandoura, north Aleppo Muslim villagers donate money to build church for Christian community in Pakistan Australia reviews visa of Islamic scholar over homosexuality comments Mongolia is changing all its addresses to threeword phrases. The system, developed by a British startup, identifies 9squaremeter spaces anywhere on the planet with just three words. Nonpraying people 'animals', Turkish academic says on state TV ISIS claims responsibility for killing of French police officer Laser technology reveals huge medieval cities hidden in the Cambodian jungle Canadian Hostage Robert Hall Beheaded by Abu Sayyaf Militants First Muslim Gay 'Imam' Says Quran Doesn't Call for Punishment of Homosexuals ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn Dalai Lama grows quite skeptical about the effects of prayer, stating that serious actions are required for real changes Nearly 400 international scientists called on Barack Obama to rule out further expansion of oil and gas exploration in Arctic waters under US control. A gay couple has been detained by Moscow police in Russia after leaving flowers and a sign with Love wins written on it outside the US embassy. Russian law bans protests over gay rights, and LGBT people in the country suffer severe discrimination and homophobia. Scotland beats climate emissions reductions target six years early. Down 46% since 1990. Scientists have discovered the first complex organic chiral molecule in interstellar space. Israel cuts water supplies to West Bank during Ramadan Avocado shortage fuels crime wave in New Zealand Catholic teenager hung on cross at work left 'ashamed', four men are accused of religiously aggravated assault by beating. Justin Trudeau considers European troop commitment as Canadian Intel warns Russia is 'mobilizing for war' Obama risks angering 1.3 billion Chinese people by meeting the Dalai Lama, warns Beijing The UN [has] ruled that Ireland's abortion ban violates human rights Young Australians are more educated than previous generations, but they are struggling to turn higher qualifications into paid work. Malnutrition is sweeping the world, fuelled by obesity as well as starvation, new research has suggested China warns U.S. against meetings with Dalai Lama, and Taiwan president Mexico's first independent governor No one likes fat girls Brazil's giant dams risk destroying heart of the Amazon, says Greenpeace Construction of 40 dams in the Tapajs river basin would severely affect indigenous people and is not justifiable economically, says new report Justin Trudeau Refuses to Stop Giving Canadians Criminal Records Over Weed Raqqa Elderly Christian forced to convert to Islam, cannot afford ISIS minority tax Islamophobia on the rise in Germany  study. Islamophobia has risen markedly in Germany, a study published on Wednesday showed, underscoring the tensions simmering in German society after more than one million migrants, mostly Muslims, arrived last year. A morsel of neverbeforeseen alien rock has been dug up in a limestone quarry in Sweden, where it had lain deeply buried for about 470m years, scientists said Tuesday. Chinese children at five are 8cm taller than 40 years ago, according to government surveys over 161,774 healthy children May Was Planet's Hottest Month on Record, NASA Former No. 2 at Argentinas Public Works Ministry was arrested burying millions outside convent Five Die in Attack on Gay Club, Shootout in Eastern Mexico Decriminalisation Call As 'War On Drugs' Fails. Top public health experts say illicit drug use should be treated as a health issue rather than punishing those who need treatment. Germany to end unofficial tolerance of polygamy 'No one who comes to us has the right to put their cultural roots, or their religious beliefs, above our laws,' says justice minister Killing of nonMuslims and minority groups forbidden in Islam.Bangladeshi clerics have issued a fatwa against the killings of minorities and secular campaigners in the mainly Muslim country, where police have arrested over 10,000 people in a crackdown on militancy. Once Islamic State is defeated, Iraq should be divided into three separate entities to prevent further sectarian bloodshed, with a state each given to Shi'ite Muslims, Sunnis and Kurds, a top Kurdish official said on Thursday. LEGO donates 600 million DKK (90.7 million USD) to new children's hospital in Copenhagen Physicists have detected ripples in the fabric of spacetime that were set in motion by the collision of two black holes far across the universe more than a billion years ago. The event marks only the second time that scientists have spotted gravitational waves Obama meets Dalai Lama in spite of China protest A chilling call Police to contact 151 Canadians on ISIS 'kill list' BBC News EgyptAir wreckage found in Mediterranean Norway Kills More Whales than Japan and Iceland Combined, Report Finds. India aims for a record by launching 22 satellites on a single rocket The World Has Gotten More Peaceful, Except the Middle East Catholic orders take their lead from the pope and divest from fossil fuels Four Australian Catholic orders are jointly and publicly divesting from coal, oil and gas We believe the Gospel asks no less of us Undercover police officer 'recorded Muslim extremists calling for gay people to be thrown from a building during secret ISIS support meetings in back garden' 'El Chapo' prison guard killed; Mexico deploys 300 troops to guard prison Employee of Panama Papers Law Firm, Mossack Fonseca, Is Arrested in Switzerland $40 billion aid to Israel is 'largest ever' to any country, says Susan Rice Lam Wingkee, bookseller who went missing for nearly eight months and only returned to Hong Kong from the mainland this week, described on Thursday his harrowing detention at a border crossing and sustained efforts by authorities there to extract information from him. Poliovirus detected in water sample in India, state declares global emergency One in four deaths of young men aged from 15 to 39 in Ireland is due to alcohol and drink is a factor in half of all suicides.Alcohol is also involved in more than one third of cases of deliberate selfharm, peaking around weekends and public holidays. Prince William Becomes First Royal to Pose for LGBT Magazine  Speaking out on homophobic bullying LIGO Has Detected Gravitational Waves for the Second Time Walmart Canada says it would stop accepting visa cards because of unacceptably high fees. Visa accuses Walmart of using customers as Pawns in battle over fees. $28 bln invested in cluster weapon producers in 4 years  Report finds 158 financial institutions involved in funding production of weapons, despite intl law banning cluster bombs A Kenyan High Court has dismissed a case challenging the legality of anal tests as proof of homosexuality MP Jo Cox dead after shooting attack Saudi Arabia upset after Hillary Clinton links oil kingdom to terrorism India may be building an underwater wall of microphones to keep track of Chinas submarines, Hydrophones can record and listen to underwater sounds ExAuschwitz guard Reinhold Hanning, 94, sentenced to 5 years for being accessory to murder in 170,000 deaths. The annual Gay Pride Parade in Istanbul is under threat from ultranationalist and conservative groups who have pledged to do what is necessary to stop the event. Russian athletes to remain banned from international competition Israel seeks life plus 60 years for gay pride stabber Brazil's tourism minister resigns weeks before Olympics A rare, risky mission is underway to rescue sick scientists from the South Pole China behaving like 'gangster' state with bookseller kidnap, say Hong Kong politicians Putin Today USA is the only superpower. Report shows young people today in Australia are overqualified, underemployed and swimming in debt Alleged killer of British MP was a longtime supporter of the neoNazi National Alliance Taliban use 'honey trapoys to kill Afghan police  The Taliban are using child sex slaves to mount crippling insider attacks on police in southern Afghanistan COGAT Israel water supply to Palestinians increased, not decreased Deaths, arrests as looting erupts in Venezuela Elderly Japanese, among the world's richest retirees, are flocking to inheritance advisers, tackling historical taboos on discussing death and providing a rare avenue of growth for the country's brokerages and banks. Russian hooligans attack Spanish tourists outside cathedral  Independent.ie Boko Haram shoot dead 18 women at funeral in northern Nigeria ISIS Committed Genocide Against Yazidis in Syria and Iraq, U.N. Panel Says Greece wants to send thousands of migrants back to Turkey in coming weeks Missing Hong Kong bookseller I was kidnapped  One of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing in late 2015 said he was kidnapped after crossing the border into mainland China Kim Jongun destroys model village in North Korea built by his 'despicable human scum' uncle Sources claim the theme park made the North Korean leader uneasy Turkey Bans Gay Pride Parade in Istanbul, Citing Security One dead, others injured in mass stabbing at Calgary medical clinic. Rio declares financial emergency, requests funding for Olympics It's official May is now Earth's hottest month on record Thomas Mair, charged with MP Jo Cox's murder, gives his name as Death to traitors, freedom for Britain to UK court Iraqi forces take back Fallujah from ISIS Norway says it will boost defences against unpredictable Russia We have an increasingly unpredictable neighbour to the east which is strengthening its military capacity, and showing willingness to use military force as a political tool, Exxon Has No Free Speech Rights to Commit Fraud, say Climate Groups Exxon's preemptive strike to shut down the investigation before it is completed should not be countenanced, says Union of Concerned Scientists Large number of Turks in Germany put Islam above the law Germany may be home, but many don't feel accepted  new study reveals what ethnic Turks think about religion and integration, with many putting Islam above the law and some even justifying violence to expand Islam Radiohead Listening Party in Istanbul Attacked by Islamists Belgium Police Arrest 12 Suspected of Planning New Terror Attack Shattered records show climate change is an emergency today, scientists warn. Unprecedented temperature levels mean more heatwaves, flooding, wildfires and hurricanes as experts say global warming is here and affecting us now U.S. says it will stay in Black Sea despite Russian warning Canada's PM Justin Trudeau announced a possible commitment of troops to Europe following intelligence suggesting that Moscow is retooling for the possibility of war. China has ordered an apparent media blackout on mainland coverage of a Hong Kong booksellers claim he was abducted by Chinese agents amid outcry in the territory and internationally over the case. 'We shall not take anyone in'. Angry Hungarian ministers hit back at EU migration quotas  Hungarian politicians have said the country will not accept any migrants because the country does not need immigration. Kenya allows anal probes to detect homosexuals. Bulgaria set to ban niqabs and burqas in crackdown on the face veil Bill tabled by the nationalist Patriotic Front party backed by 108 MPs to eight against China has signed an agreement with the United Nations to open its future space station to spacecraft, science experiments and even astronauts from countries around the world Victoria Police failed to act on complaints about a policeman who sexually brutalised nine children during his 12 years in the force, the County Court was told on Friday. China must get better on human rights before Canada will sign a trade deal Trudeau Canada's assisteddying bill is now law after clearing final hurdles. Radical Islamists attack Radiohead record store event in Istanbul American man commits suicide by slashing his throat in Taiwan courtroom drug trial The Russian track and field team will not compete at the Rio Olympics after world athletics governing body upheld a ban imposed for statesupported doping. A handful of Russian athletes may be able to compete under a neutral flag if they can demonstrate they have lived and trained outside Russia. Pakistan has banned an actor from hosting a TV show, for discussing the rights of minorities in the country. The host earlier remarked that the state shouldn't discriminate against its citizens based on their sect & religious affiliations. Later, an Islamic cleric has called for murder of the host. Lawmakers call for defunding UN schools after film shows Palestinian kids praising ISIS Canada Legalizes PhysicianAssisted Dying There is no need for anyone else to engage in politics. Our duty is to support the leader in this country. No one should do politics in Turkey except Erdoan, says chief adviser. Egypt just sentenced two former Al Jazeera employees to death Turkish police use tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannons to disperse protesters against radical Islamists' assault on Radiohead fans. Over 500 people had gathered in Cihangir Square with beers in hands. Microsoft avoids paying 100m a year in UK corporation tax Canada willingly makes tax deals with tax havens. Billions of dollars are moving out of Canada  nearly all tax free  with 92 tax treaties signed. 3 International Space Station astronauts return safely to Earth Pakistan Province Grants 300 Million Rupees To 'University of Jihad' Refugees should have to 'accept Kiwi values' The government is being told it should make refugees sign up to New Zealand values before they allowed are into the country. Firemen in Sicily are battling dozens of forest blazes which they believe were lit by the island's mafia or their collaborators.Authorities have pointed the blame at mafia mobsters allied with unscrupulous developers who hope to build villas and holiday homes on the torched land Norway's parliament approves radical proposal to become climate neutral by 2030, 20 years earlier than planned Russian aircraft bombed US backed rebels near the Jordanian border, forcing US to send aircraft to the area. Hundreds of academic, religious, popular, student, human and social rights organizations around the world signed a document Friday that condemns the brutal repression exerted by the Mexican government against teachers who reject the education reform by President Enrique Pea Nieto. North Korea Steals U.S. Fighter Blueprints Vladimir Putin says that Russian will work with whoever is elected US president Thousands of people in Poland march to defend abortion rights Angry Julian Assange starts fifth year cooped in London embassy Thai government is planning on legalization of methamphetamine Thousands protest U.S. bases on Okinawa after Japan woman's murder In a show of strength before an international courts ruling on Chinas claims in the South China Sea, US Navy sails 2 Aircraft carriers in western Pacific UK government suspects many of those who attacked England supporters are in Russias uniformed services German minister warns NATO of 'saberrattling' against Russia IMF says EU exit 'largest nearterm risk' to British economy Rio Declares 'State Of Calamity' Ahead Of Games Turkish troops kill 11 Syrians trying to cross border monitor A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food Two corporate whistleblowers may enter into plea bargain deal that would tie 30% of Brazilian lawmakers to corruption cases. Poland, together with Russia, Iran, and several Gulf states successfully removed decriminalization of homosexuality from UN resolution. Three environmental activists were killed per week last year, murdered defending land rights and the environment from mining, dam projects and logging Ontario funeral business dissolves the dead, pours them into town sewers New Declassified Documents Reveal How CIA Abused, Tortured Prisoners [Graphic] Tens of thousands of people gathered in sweltering heat on Japan's Okinawa island on Sunday in one of the biggest demonstrations in two decades against U.S. military bases, following the arrest of an American suspected of murdering a local woman. Japan's dementia crisis hits record levels as thousands go missing. National Police Agency reports more than 12,000 patients going missing in 2015, with hundreds of those later found dead Icelands Hekla volcano, a very popular tourist destination, now ready to blow Corbyn pledges to kill TTIP if elected Venezuelans Ransack Stores as Hunger Grips the Nation  4yearold girl was shot to death as street gangs fought over food. Rome elects first female mayor Saudi Arabia and Kuwait angry about Hillary Clintons claims that they 'fund terrorism' The two embassies in Canberra, Australia denounced the presidential candidate's remarks and said they also suffer from terrorism Professor Dismissed for Insulting Turkey's President Russian soldier dies in Syria after preventing car bomb attack on aid distribution point Three dead, 45 injured as labor union clashes with police in Mexico Indonesia vows to stand firm after skirmishes with Chinese ships.China claims most of the South China Sea, through which $5 trillion in shipborne trade passes every year. The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei have overlapping claims. A study of ocean plankton has shown that an increase in the water temperature of the worlds oceans of around 6C (10.8F)  which some scientists predict could occur as soon as 2100  could stop oxygen production by phytoplankton by disrupting the process of photosynthesis. Australia taxes foreign home buyers as affordability bites  Sydney is imposing new taxes on foreigners buying homes as concerns grow that a flood of mostly Chinese investors is crowding out locals and killing the Great Australian Dream of owning property Paris isn't happy about Amazon's onehour delivery service Australian man pleads guilty to making sexual threats on social media, in a landmark victory for opponents of online harassment. When her friends defended her online, Alchin wrote more than fifty posts, including rape threats, and saying that women should 'never have been given rights'  Trudeau condemns killing of 14 Canadian Embassy security guards in Kabul Vladimir Putin is considering selling part of Russias corporate crown jewels to China and India as the president struggles to meet spending commitments before his possible reelection bid in less than two years An elephant has survived being shot in the head by suspected poachers in Zimbabwe. It was found by vets in Mana Pools national park and is believed to have had the bullet lodged in its head for up to six weeks. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange marks 5 years holed up in Ecuadorean embassy An Australian athlete who has competed in six Paralympic Games has been robbed at gunpoint in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Liesl Tesch said a man brandishing a gun pushed her off her bicycle and stole it on Sunday. Russian state television accidentally broadcasts evidence that Moscow uses cluster bombs in Syria In 2015, 50 environmentalists were killed in Brazil  more than a quarter of those killed worldwide  and last year marked deadliest year for environmental activists, with 185 total murders across world. Out of the 10 deadliest countries in world for environmentalist, seven were in Latin America. China's plan to cut meat consumption by 50% cheered by climate campaigners New dietary guidelines could reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1bn tonnes by 2030, and could lessen countrys problems with obesity and diabetes Coral bleaching event now biggest in history  and about to get worse 'Coral in every major reef region has already experienced severe bleaching. About 93% of the reefs on Australias Great Barrier Reef have been affected, and almost a quarter of the reef on the 2,300km stretch is now dead.' Superrich quaff champagne in Venezuela country club while middle classes scavenge for food Hong Kong bookseller refuses to be silenced after harsh detention in China Chinese prosecutors have successfully sued a county environmental agency for inadequately punishing a sewage firm that produced dye without appropriate safeguards  the first such public interest case against a government department. A Londonbased advocacy group says it has documented the killings of 185 environmental activists in 16 countries last year, nearly 60 percent more than in 2014. Erdogan loses appeal against German media boss Chinese supercomputer is the world's fastest  and without using US chips 7Eleven operator handed record penalty of more than $400,000 for systematically exploiting staff A Honduran military unit trained by US was ordered to kill environmental activist who was slain in March African Union plans to introduce single passport to create EUstyle 'continent without borders' More refugees became citizens of Canada than any other country last year, UN says Turkey charges Reporters Without Borders press freedom representative with 'terrorist propaganda' Brussels Bomb alert at shopping centre sparks antiterror operation | Europe | News Australian Paralympian Liesl Tesch robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro China issues orders to demolish Buddhist 'towns' (religious communities) with intensive 'instruction' for leaders and members of religious orders. Only a tiny fraction of the existing communities will be allowed to remain at each site. Gazans squeezed by triple taxes as Hamas replaces lost income US and Russian fighters in dramatic showdown over Syria American pilots scramble to confront Putin's jets as they bomb Pentagonbacked Syrian rebels Rising Tide of 'Politically Acceptable' Killings Spells Danger for Environmentalists Worldwide More than three people were slain each week in 2015 for 'protecting the land, forests, and rivers,' a new report reveals Mexico teachers protest Six people are dead and more than 100 are injured following a weekend of violence between members of a teachers union and police in southern Mexico. Canada is set to launch a paid whistleblower program. Russian football fan leader Alexander Shprygin has been detained in France, two days after being expelled from the country, French officials say. German government agrees to ban fracking indefinitely Teenage recruits were raped by staff and forced to rape each other as part of initiation practices in the Australian military going back to 1960, a public inquiry heard on Tuesday Pakistan is selling nuclear materials to N Korea and China knows it, US sources say Amazon jaguar shot dead at Olympic torch ceremony Mexican flags raised around Donald Trump's golf course  Ahead of Trump's visit to Scotland this week EU smashes 2020 emissions target six years early | Greenhouse gas emissions in 2014 were 4.1% lower than the previous year and 24.4% below the 1990 baseline. The 2020 target is a 20% cut. Police kill eight striking Mexican teachers as Activists Denounce Police Killings & Crackdowns on Teachers in Oaxaca Prochoice activists have delivered abortion pills to women in Northern Ireland using a drone. A French football fan shoved an 18cmlong flare up his rectum in order to smuggle it into a Euro 2016 game. He then pulled the device out and set it off in the crowd, burning himself and two others in the process, before being charged over the incident by French police. Indian space agency ISRO launches 20 satellites in a single launch, setting a new record for the agency Japanese power company TEPCO admits it lied about meltdown after Fukushima Murdoch's News Corp buys 72 regional newspapers for $37 million Europe's growing army of robot workers could be classed as 'electronic persons' and their owners liable to paying social security for them if the European Union adopts a draft plan to address the realities of a new industrial revolution. Intel Fights Record $1.2 Billion Antitrust Fine at Top EU Court for bribing computer makers to not use AMD Russian security service conducts raids on Church of Scientology Federal Security Service raid over a dozen locations in Moscow and St Petersburg as part of investigation into alleged illegal business dealings Turkish students and graduates from 370 schools issue statements against AKP government's Islamization of education, student protests continue Japan Election Campaign Kicks off, Voting Age Lowered to 18 Moscow has signed an agreement with Los Angelesbased company Hyperloop One to explore building a futuristic, highspeed transportation system known as a Hyperloop in the Russian capital. TEPCO admits meltdown coverup  The president of Tokyo Electric Power Company has admitted the company concealed the reactor meltdowns at its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant immediately after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami Indian State Grants Jews Minority Status  India Real Time Canadian Rescue Plane successfully reaches South Pole Research Outpost. The Swedish parliament on Tuesday voted in favour of tough new asylum and residency laws. French police teargas migrants trying to board trucks to the UK Qawwali musician Amjad Sabri was shot dead in Pakistan. In 2014, the Islamabad Hight Court had issued a notice in a blasphemy case to two private TV channels. The show had mixed a mock wedding with a qawwali sung by Sabri related to religious figures, and was considered offensive. N. Korea launches what appears to be Musudan midrange missile from east coast Today The United Kingdom decides whether to remain in the European Union, or leave Ecigarettes should not be banned in public, medical experts warn 'A ban on using ecigarettes in public places could be damaging, as it may put off smokers from using ecigarettes to help them quit,' says Rosanna O'Connor from Public Health England Report China is still harvesting organs from prisoners Man opens fire at cinema complex in Germany, several people wounded  report Erdoan Europe, you dont want us because were Muslim Asian millionaires now control more wealth than those in North America, Europe and other regions A Japanese porn industry association has apologised and promised reform, amid allegations women are being forced to perform sex acts on film. University students are being warned when classes contains graphic or sensitive content, including sexual abuse, rape and transgenderism, to protect their mental health. Australian academics are issuing socalled trigger warnings for confronting material in classrooms. Afghan interpreters etrayedy UK and US Contagious cancer cells are spreading between different animals and even different species in the sea, according to new research which raises the prospect of the disease becoming infectious in humans. 51 Killed in China by Powerful Tornado Teacher Killings Ignite Calls for Revolution in Mexico Police crackdown on rural educator protest spurs wide rebuke of government privatization and repression Solar plane lands in Spain after threeday Atlantic crossing Brexit supporters urged to take own pens to polling station amid fears of MI5 conspiracy Cities forge world's largest alliance to curb climate change | More than 7,100 cities in 119 countries formed the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a network for helping exchange information on such goals as developing clean energy, organizers said. Colombia, FARC announce full ceasefire, 'last day of the war' Gunmen kill Sufi devotional singer Amjad Sabri in Pakistan, Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility India launches 20 satellites in single mission F16s to be manufactured soon in an assembly line in India Australia's gun laws stopped mass shootings and reduced homicides, study finds. French cement company in Syria buys oil from ISIS  Documents Pope to visit Armenia after irking Turkey with 'genocide' label Merkel says NATO must be strengthened China cracks down on online comments, clickbait stories, foreign TV content as Xi reshapes media landscape The prime minister of India is set to get a brand new Air India One aircraft, will be more advanced than Air Force One. David Cameron to Resign as PM After EU Referendum BBC forecasts UK votes to Leave the European Union Nicola Sturgeon says a second independence referendum for Scotland is now highly likely It's official. Britain votes to leave the European Union. World's Largest Tibetan Buddhist Institute Ordered to be Demolished by Chinese Government Not a single place in Scotland voted to leave the EU... Rich Getting Richer at the Expense of the Poor, Oxfam Warns Spanish minister calls for Gibraltar to be returned to Spain on back of Brexit vote British Pound drops nearly 5% in minutes following strong results for leave campaign in Newcastle J.K. Rowling leads the charge for Scottish independence after UK votes for Brexit Buenos Aires zoo to close after 140 years 'Captivity is degrading'  Mayor Horacio Rodrguez Larreta said that the zoos 2,500 animals will be gradually moved to nature reserves in Argentina which can provide a more suitable environment. Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister calls for poll on united Ireland after Brexit Polls close | Brexit polling day as it happened Brexit Petition for second EU referendum so popular the government site's crashing | UK | News North Korea printing massive amounts of fake Chinese currency, defectors say Sinn Fein calls for a referendum on Irish reunification after Brexit $70 billion wiped off the Australian sharemarket as a result of Brexit. Nigel Farage disowns Vote Leave '350m for the NHS' pledge hours after result Top EU leader we want Britain out as soon as possible Nigel Farage 350 million pledge to fund the NHS was a ig mistake'.Captions such as Let's give our NHS the 350 million the EU takes every week and We send the EU 350 million a week, let's fund our NHS instead were stamped on Vote Leave campaign material. Thousands of London banking job cuts to start next week Google says there was a large spike in searches for Irish passport applications as news broke EU referendum; Gibraltar backs Remain with 94% in first result of the night After Brexit, U.K. Residents Google 'What Is The EU?' A Turkish man has been found guilty of insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan for depicting him as the Gollum character from the Lord of the Rings. A court in the southwestern Antalya province gave Rifat Cetin a suspended oneyear jail sentence and stripped him of parental custody rights. Six weeks before the Rio Olympics, the lab handling all drug testing for the Games has been suspended by world antidoping officials Global stock markets lost $2 trillion in value after Britain voted to leave the European Union Brexit How to move to Canada trends in U.K. after European Union vote  National Brexit Anger over 'Bregret' as Leave voters say they wanted 'protest vote' and thought UK would stay in EU Petition for second EU referendum reaches 1,000,000 signatures. Worlds 400 Richest People Lose $127 Billion on Brexit Iceland is voting in a presidential election which a historian with no experience of public office is favourite to be win. Dozens of bomb sniffing dogs 'killed by American security company in Kuwait after its contract with oil firm ended' Thousands sign petition for London to become independent and rejoin the EU Scotland to begin talks with EU 'immediately' as plans for second independence vote underway already Brexit Most Young voters where proEU but never got around to voting. France today told Britain to appoint a new prime minister within 'a few days' and to immediately quit the EU [European Union] by soon triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. Election in Iceland today, 10% of population is in France Scotland will likely seek independence for a second time this decade after the historic vote for the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Friday. Nigel Farage Admits 350m Saving For NHS In EU Contributions Slogan Was A Mistake London markets lose $164B in 600 seconds Cornwall votes for Brexit but doesn't want to lose its millions in EU subsidies Pope Francis describes mass killing of Armenians in Turkey as 'genocide' German foreign minister urges EU not to 'go looking for revenge' on UK 'We have to accept the decision that was made' Thousands rally in Australia for samesex marriage Cornwall votes for Brexit and then pleads to keep EU funding Brexit Moody's downgrades UK's credit outlook from 'stable' to 'negative' | Business News | News Brexit Britain's most senior EU official resigns after UK vote to leave The murdered Labour M.P. Jo Cox's constituency voted to leave the European Union Brexit will turn Berlin into 'Europes startup capital' Authorities raid 14 Scientology offices in Russia in money laundering probe Pope Francis uses the term 'genocide' to describe Armenian massacre during visit to memorial Pontiff veers off prepared speech to directly refer to the massacre as a genocide Vladimir Putin Says Brexit Caused by British Politicians 'Arrogance' Poll puts support for Scottish independence at 59% Brexit Expats denied say in EU referendum due to missing postal votes demand rerun after scandal is revealed The petition to redo the Brexit referendum that now has over 3 million signatures was actually started by a Leave backer who thought Remain was gonna win Historian Gudni Johannesson has claimed victory in Icelands presidential election. The new president said his first job would be to fly to France to support his country's team against England on Monday. Nigel Farage has said Britain is heading for a mild recession but says it has nothing to do with Brexit. The victorious Leave campaigner rejected warnings that leaving the European Union would have dire consequences for the UK economy, even as markets were rocked by Thursdays result. Iraq takes 'last IS bastion in Falluja' Liberal Democrats pledge to ignore referendum result and keep Britain in the EU Nigerian Army announces rescue of 5000 Boko Haram hostages The United Nations issued a strongly worded statement on Friday warning that any attempt by the European Union to bypass national parliaments to push through controversial trade deals would violate international human rights norms and standards. UK food prices set to rise after Brexit vote  Plunging pound and Britains reliance on imports will mean higher prices, says farmers leader Prices have increased by 14,000%19,000% in four years in Venezuela No chance of a second referendum, says Britain's top elections expert Nicola Sturgeon says Scottish Parliament could veto Brexit after EU referendum Labour MP David Lammy has called on Parliament to stop this madness and to vote against the referendum decision to leave the EU. Peru's state energy company has reported an oil spill in a tributary of Amazon, third major one this year and 21st in last five years, raising fears of yet more pollution of the water and fish on which indigenous villages and riverside communities depend. HSBC 'to move jobs to Paris if UK leaves single market' A coral reef plea letter was sent to the Prime Minister of Australia by an international group of coral reef scientists on Saturday, concerning the health of the Great Barrier Reef, and the fossil fuel consumption of the country. Post Office in Northern Ireland reports 'unusually high number of people' seeking Irish passports I don't believe it is right that I should carry on as the British commissioner as though nothing had happened, Britain's representative on the EU executive in Brussels, Jonathan Hill, resigns Remains of a mammoth uncovered near Mexico City Sturgeon says prereferendum UK 'no longer exists' Thousands of London banking job cuts to start next week as contingency plans kick in Barclays and RBS shares suspended from trading after tanking more than 8% Pope says Church should ask forgiveness from gays for past treatment Poland 'shockedy xenophobic abuse of Poles in UK There will be no second referendum, cabinet agrees Scotland welcome to join EU, Merkel ally says Sterling dips below Friday's 31year low amid Brexit uncertainty No negative news about South African President allowed on state broadcaster. Surge in Hate Crimes in the U.K. Following U.K.s Brexit Vote Weapons shipped into Jordan by the CIA and Saudi Arabia intended for Syrian rebels have been systematically stolen by Jordanian intelligence operatives and sold to arms merchants on the black market, according to American and Jordanian officials Angela Merkel said the U.K. must file exit papers with the European Union before talks can begin In a birth offering hope to a threatened species, an aquarium in Osaka, Japan, has succeeded in artificially breeding a southern rockhopper penguin for the first time in the world. Sky News Journalist Left Speechless As Leave MP Tells Him 'There Is No Plan' Giant panda in Macau gives birth to twins Get out now EU leader tells Britain it must invoke Article 50 on Tuesday Sea turtle eaten and left for dead' on beach by people taking selfies Loggerhead sea turtle receiving treatment after it was beaten with sticks and stepped on in Lebanon German lawyers to probe Erdogan over alleged war crimes Boris Johnson says the UK will continue to intensify cooperation with the EU and tells his fellow Leave supporters they must accept the 5248 referendum win was not entirely overwhelming. Richard Branson is calling on the UK government to hold a second EU referendum to prevent 'irreversible damage' to the country. Turkey 'sorry for downing Russian jet' Edward Snowden lawyer vows new push for pardon from Obama Brexit opinion poll reveals majority don't want second EU referendum half (48%) of British adults say that they are happy with the result, with two in five (43%) saying they are unhappy with the outcome. Conservative MP Leave Campaigner The leave campaign don't have a postBrexit plan... Economists predict UK recession, further weakening of Pound following Brexit. New EU 'superstate plan by France, Germany Creating a European superstate limiting the powers of individual members following Britains referendum decision to leave the EU Pakistani clerics declare transgender marriages legal under Islamic law 2,500 Scientists To Australia If You Want To Save The Great Barrier Reef, Stop Supporting Coal The personal details of 112,000 French police officers have been uploaded to Google Drive in a security breach just a fortnight after two officers were murdered at their home by a jihadist. S&P cuts United Kingdom sovereign credit rating to 'AA' from 'AAA' Huge helium deposit found in Africa CEO of the South African state broadcaster quits shortly after negative news about president is banned. Brexit cost investors $2 trillion, the worst one day drop ever Hong Kong democracy activists call for return to British rule as first step to independence Brexit Iceland president says UK can join 'triangle' of nonEU countries UK's Osborne 'Absolutely' going to have to cut spending, raise taxes 'Do not let Scotland down now'  Scottish MEP Alyn Smith has urged members of the European Parliament to stand by his country following the UK referendum on EU membership. British pound could hit historymaking dollar parity by end of 2016 Merkel vows to strengthen EU, tells UK no 'cherrypicking' Ryanair will not deploy new aircraft on routes to and from the UK [United Kingdom] next year [2017], following the Brexit vote, and will instead focus on the European Union [EU]. People, ever more greedy and stupid, destroy the world  Stephen Hawking to Larry King Siemens freezes new UK wind power investment following Brexit vote US, Canada and Mexico pledge 50% of power from clean energy by 2025 There is increasing evidence that Australia is torturing refugees, medical experts claim Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin Group, said Tuesday that the company has lost about a third of its value since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union last week. 37,000yrold skull from Borneo reveals surprise for scientists  Study of the Deep Skull  oldest modern human discovered in SE Asia  reveals this ancient person was not related to Indigenous Australians, as originally thought. Our discovery is a game changer. Palestinians stone Western Wall worshipers; police shut Temple Mount to nonMuslims JeanClaude Juncker asks Farage Why are you here? Romanians for Remainians offering a new home to the 48% of Britons who voted to stay in the EU | Bucharest newspaper's app connects loving Romanian families with needy Brits, allowing people to offer to help wouldbe immigrants apply for a Romanian ID Brexit Gibraltar in talks with Scotland to stay in EU 8 Suicide Bombers Strike Lebanon Mexico's security forces routinely use 'sexual torture' against women Rights group Amnesty International has compiled testimonies of sexual violence used as torture by Mexican security forces. Despite thousands of complaints, only 15 probes have led to criminal convictions since 1991. Explosion At Airport In Istanbul Yemeni former president Terrorism is the offspring of Wahhabism of Al Saud regime UK must accept freedom of movement to access EU Market Devastated scientists too late to captive breed mammal lost to climate change  Australian conservationists spent 5 months obtaining permissions & planning for a captive breeding program. But when they arrived on the rodents tiny island, they they were too late. British Labor Party leader Jeremy Corbyn loses a noconfidence vote but refuses to resign A Muslim Shop in the UK Was Just Firebombed While People Were Inside Mexican Authorities Sexually Torture Women in Prison UK shares and pound continue to recover Iceland historian Johannesson wins presidential election 99MillionYrOld Bird Wings Found Encased in Amber  Finding things trapped in amber is far from rare. But when researchers in Burma found a pair of tiny birdlike wings frozen inside, they knew they had something special. A chatbot programmed by a British teenager has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since its launch last year. The Philippine presidentelect said Monday he would aggressively promote artificial birth control in the country even at the risk of getting in a fight with the dominant Catholic church, which staunchly opposes the use of contraceptives. Former Belgian Prime Minister ridicules Nigel Farage and accuses Ukip leader of lying in EU referendum campaign Brexiteer Nigel Farage To EU 'You're Not Laughing Now, Are You?' Islamic State bombings in southern Yemen kill 38 people Escape Tunnel, Dug by Hand, Is Found at Holocaust Massacre Site The land under Beijing is sinking by as much as four inches per year because of the overconsumption of groundwater, according to new research. Car bomb and AntiIslamic attack on Mosque in Perth, Australia Emaciated lions in Taiz Zoo are trapped in bloodsoaked cages and left to starve for months due to the Yemeni civil war Rupert Murdoch describes Brexit as 'wonderful'. The media mogul likened leaving the EU to a prison break and shared his view of Donald Trump as a very able man. More than 40 killed in Yemen suicide attacks Google Found Disastrous Symantec and Norton Vulnerabilities That Are 'As Bad As It Gets Extremist violence on the rise in Germany Domestic intelligence agency says farright, farleft and Islamist radical groups gaining membership in country BBC News Labour MPs pass Corbyn noconfidence motion Tiny New Zealand town with 'too many jobs' launches drive to recruit outsiders Jamaica proposes marijuana dispensers for tourists at airports following legalisation The kiosks and desks would give people a license to purchase up to 2 ounces of the drug to use during their stay Stephen Hawking says pollution and 'stupidity' still biggest threats to mankind we have certainly not become less greedy or less stupid in our treatment of the environment over the past decade Boris Johnson says he will not run for Tory party leadership Six gay men in Ivory Coast were abused and forced to flee their homes after they were pictured signing a condolence book for victims of the recent attack on a gay nightclub in Florida Switzerland denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant girls who refused to swim with boys report Palestinian terrorist stabs israeli teen girl to death in her bedroom Puerto Rico will default on $1 billion of debt on Friday Republic of Ireland fans to be awarded medal for sportsmanship by Paris mayor. Afghan suicide bomber 'kills up to 40'  BBC News US airstrikes kill at least 250 ISIS fighters in convoy outside Fallujah, official says Turkish Cop Who Took Down Istanbul Gunman Hailed a Hero Cannabis compounds could treat Alzheimer's by removing plaqueforming proteins from brain cells, research suggests Japan's top court has approved blanket surveillance of the country's Muslims 'They made us terrorist suspects, we never did anything wrong,' says Japanese Muslim, Mohammed Fujita CIA Gave Romania Millions to Host Secret Prisons Groups urge U.N. to suspend Saudi Arabia from rights council Googles free wifi at Indian railway stations is better than most of the countrys paid services Mounting evidence suggests 'hobbits' were wiped out by modern humans' ancestors 50,000 years ago. The men who carried out Tuesday's terror attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, a Turkish offical said. Calls to suspend Saudi Arabia from UN Human Rights Council because of military aggresion in Yemen More Than 100 Nobel Laureates Call Out Greenpeace For AntiGMO Obstruction In Developing World British pedophile sentenced to 85 years in US for trafficking child abuse images Domminich Shaw, a kingpin of sexual violence against children, sent dozens of images online and discussed plans to assault and kill a child while on probation US permitted 1,200 offshore fracks in Gulf of Mexico between 2010 and 2014 and allowed 72 billion gallons of chemical discharge in 2014. We will be swimming in ridicule  French beach police to carry guns while in swimming trunks Police lifeguards on Frances busiest beaches will carry guns and bulletproof vests for the first time this summer amid fears that terrorists could target holidaymakers. UEFA says no minutes of silence for Istanbul victims at Euro 2016 because 'Turkey have already been eliminated' Law Enforcement Sources Gun Used in Paris Terrorist Attacks Came from Phoenix A 117yearold woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898. IMF chief backs Athens as permanent Olympic host The president of France says if Brexit won, so can Donald Trump British Man Who Must Give Police 24 Hours' Notice of Sex Threatens Hunger Strike The man is the subject of a sexual risk order despite having never been convicted of a crime. 100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs Brazil Huge spike in number of police killings in Rio ahead of Olympics Austria's highest court annuls presidential election narrowly lost by rightwing candidate. Facebook wins privacy case, can track any Belgian it wants Doesn't matter if Internet users are logged into Facebook or not Switzerland denies Muslim girls citizenship after they refuse to swim with boys at school The 12 and 14yearold will no longer be considered for naturalised citizenship because they have not complied with the school curriculum, authorities in Basel said China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds France Cracks Down on Factory Farms  A viral video campaign has moved the govt to act. In footage shared widely online, animals writhe in pain as they bleed to death or are dismembered, in violation of rules requiring they be rendered unconscious before slaughter. Abbas PLO Faction Calls Killer of 13YearOld AmericanIsraeli Girl a Martyr Taiwanese warship accidentally fires missile towards China Iran celebrates American Human Rights Week, mocks U.S. rights record U.N. panel moves to curb bias against L.G.B.T. people despite fierce resistance from Muslim and African countries. The United States has placed Myanmar, Uzbekistan, Sudan and Haiti on its list of worst human trafficking offenders. S&P revises European Union credit rating to 'AA' from 'AA+' India gets $1 billion loan from World Bank for solar mission U.S. sailors detained by Iran spoke too much under interrogation Navy Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts | Duterte, 71, won power in a landslide after a campaign dominated by threats to kill tens of thousands in a war on crime Spain arrests three Pakistanis accused of promoting militancy Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and breakins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports. A Hindu temple worker has been killed by three men on a motorcycle, local police have said. More than 40 people have been killed in attacks blamed on Islamist militants in Bangladesh since February 2013, including secular bloggers, academics, gay rights activists and members of religious minorities. Ozone layer hole seems to be healing  US & UK team shows it's shrunk & may slowly recover. If you had to have an ozone hole anywhere in the world, it'd be Antarctica because its not teeming with life. It showed us if we didnt back off with these chemicals, wed have a crisis.