 2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes. China censors Panama Papers online discussion David Cameron's dad and Tory MPs named in leak about tax haven firm Iceland PM I will not resign Revealed the $2bn offshore trail that leads to Vladimir Putin #Panamapapers see Iceland's Prime Minister faced with calls for a snap election. The Icelandic Pirate Party have an overwhelming lead in the polls. New report claims 'war on drugs' has harmed public health Panama vows to cooperate if legal fallout from 'Panama Papers' leak Laundered cash from Britains largest gold bullion robbery was hidden with the help of an audacious plan hatched with advice from Mossack Fonsecas cofounder. Mossack Fonseca warns customers of unauthorised Panamaleaks data breach that is set to be revealed in the news Half of Scotland's energy consumption came from renewables last year | 57.7% of Scottish electricity consumption came from renewables in 2015  7.7% ahead of the 50% target. Interpol head detective in Venezuela charged with smuggling 769lbs of cocaine to the Dominican Republic Vietnam's coast guard in a rare move has seized a Chinese vessel for allegedly intruding in its water Japan is witnessing a record number of compensation claims related to death from overwork, or karoshi, a phenomenon previously associated with the longsuffering salary man that is increasingly afflicting young and female employees. Panama Papers  FIFA official Damiani under suspicion Australian Tax office investigating 800 Australians identified in financial record leak Privacy is a fundamental human right that is being eroded more and more in the modern world. Each person has a right to privacy, whether they are a king or a beggar,, says Mossack Fonseca founder. Official Silence In Russia Over Putin Allegations In Panama Papers Stateowned Russian media was silent Monday over documents allegedly showing a multibillion dollar moneylaundering scheme run by close associates of President Vladimir Putin Germany Spied on Both U.S. and Israel Report Charlie Hebdo criticised for calling Brussels attacks tip of Islam 'iceberg' Tax authorities begin probes into some people named in Panama Papers leak Australian tax office probes hundreds for possible tax evasion after Panama Papers leak IS rocket expert 'killed by drone'  US The United Nations' internal investigations office has uncovered serious lapses and duediligence failures in the world body's interaction with organizations tied to an alleged bribery scheme involving a former U.N. General Assembly president Interpol head detective in Venezuela charged with smuggling 769lbs of cocaine to the Dominican Republic China announces sanctions on North Korea BP to pay US government $20.8 billion for Gulf oil disaster The 19yearold who started a massive protest movement in Hong Kong says HSBC won't let him open bank accounts for his new political party Iceland's PM asks president to dissolve parliament after allegations he concealed investments in offshore company World figures deny wrongdoing as Panama Papers turn spotlight on tax evasion A trove of leaked documents casts HSBC Holdings into a harsh light, as a consortium of investigative journalists said it found the bank was among the most active in registering shell companies that move money around the world on behalf of rich and politically connected clients Panama Papers Live Update Discussion Thread The entire Turkish citizenship database has allegedly been leaked online 600 Israeli companies, 850 shareholders listed in Panama data leak Thousands demand PM's resignation in front of Iceland's parliament  Tomorrow's session has been cancelled after Panama Papers revelations USbased McClatchy Washington Bureau, one of the few American publication to receive the Panama Papers, has begun releasing US citizens named in the files Renewed calls for Yahoo! to ban ivory sales  A recent investigation revealed that 93% of 6,000 advertisements on Yahoo! Japan on a single day in 2015 were for ivory name seals. 'Suspicious activity' at N. Korea nuke site Helen Clark, the former prime minister of New Zealand, has entered the race to succeed Ban Kimoon as secretary general of the United Nations in a bid to become the first woman in the role of worlds top diplomat. Air France said it would allow female cabin crew and pilots to opt out of flying routes to Tehran after some staff said they did not want to be forced to cover their hair when in Iran. Panama Papers Causes Chile Head of Transparency International to Resign PM Modi steps in Income Tax, RBI panel to probe Panama Papers trail ISIL uses mustard gas in Syria The worlds largest primate is being wiped out by war Back in 1998, a team of researchers estimated that 17,000 Grauers gorillas, also known as eastern lowland gorillas, lived in the forests of eastern Democratic Republic of Congo. Since then, the population of Grauers gorillas has dropped by 77% Two more Chinese political leaders found to have links to offshore firms  Panama Papers leaks Federal funding for Australia's largest Islamic school stopped after review US Navy ship seizes thousands of weapons from Iranian ship bound for Yemen. Physicists just discovered a new state of matter called quantum spin liquid Azerbaijani soldiers behead Yezidi from Armenia IMF fears Greece disaster in leaked meeting revelation The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned Panama Papers British Banker Funded North Korean Arms Tigers declared extinct in Cambodia Iceland PM did not fully resign, merely asked deputy to take over for an unspecified amount of time Panama Papers WikiLeaks calls for data leak to be released in full Panama Papers firm linked to over 1,000 U.S. companies Fifa president Gianni Infantino pulled into corruption scandal by Panama Papers Saudi Arabia passes Russia as worlds third biggest military spender Sperm Whales Found Full of Car Parts and Plastics German Officials Suspects In Cologne Attacks Mostly Foreign Syrian rebels massacre Kurdish civilians in Aleppo Google offers Cubans free computer and Internet use France places Panama back on list of tax havens First Time Ever Canadian bank fined $1.1M by antimoney laundering agency Iceland PM Sigmundur Dav Gunnlaugsson Wavers On Resignation Israel tears down seven Palestinian homes in 24 hours Jackie Chan, Pedro Almodovar among celebrities implicated by Panama Papers Poverty in Russia Rising at Fastest Pace Since 1990s Turmoil ISIS video game encourages players to Shoot Obama After F16s, US to give nine AH1Z Viper attack helicopters worth $170 million to Pakistan Two members of French farright leader Marine Le Pens entourage moved hundreds of thousands of euros by way of offshore companies in recent years, according to France's daily Le Monde Chile's head of Transparency International resigns after 'Panama Papers' 2,000yearold bronze artifacts tied to temple unearthed near Sea of Galilee A 6.9 event has occurred off the coast of Vanuatu, just a few days after another 6.9 event. No Tsunami warning. Cops hacked the Police National Computer to unlawfully retain suspectsiometric data David Cameron personally intervened to prevent tax crackdown on offshore trusts Panama Papers reveal London as centre of 'spider's we Edward Snowden says Panama Papers show whistleblower role is 'vital'  British Columbia A record 43% of Icelanders would now vote for the Pirate Party Linking to Pirated Content Is Not Copyright Infringement, Says EU Court Adviser China ramps up Panama Papers censorship after leaders' relatives named | World news Sarah Ferguson (the Duchess of York) and Simon Cowell named in Panama Papers David Cameron left dangerously exposed by Panama Papers fallout Panama Papers only a glimpse into 'astonishing' wealth stashed offshore; Tax Justice Network, an international research and advocacy organization estimates that as of 2010, there was between $21 and $32 trillion kept in offshore holding representing between 813% of total global wealth. Beijing says North Korea has become an increasing threat to China Secular Activist in Bangladesh Is Killed After Criticizing Militant Islam Men armed with machetes surrounded the activist, Mohammad Nazim Uddin, and slashed his head, then shot him, a police official said. German comedian could face jail for insulting Erdogan Polish women are trolling antiabortion Prime Minister Beata Szydlo with updates on their periods, inspired by similar actions in Indiana UK Banks must declare links to Panama Papers law firm by next week CEO of Austrian bank resigns because of Panama Papers coverage Dutch say 'no' to treaty with Ukraine and 32% vote Nos exit poll At least three of the seven people on the Chinese Communist Politiburo named in Panama Papers President Putin denies any element of corruption over Panama leaks Venezuela Declares Every Friday a Holiday to Save Electricity France passes law making it illegal to pay for sex WikiLeaks US Govt Behind Panama Leaks to Attack Putin South Africa considers legalizing rhino horn trade; live harvesting of horns and selling them touted as way to stave off possible extinction because of increasing illegal killing Vladimir Putin says the Panama Papers leak is part of Western efforts to weaken Russia | Europe | News Terrorists behind Pakistan Easter bombing vow more attacks on Christians 4 ISIS suspects arrested, weapons seized in Denmark, police say David Cameron admits he did have a stake in father Ian Cameron's offshore investment fund Big oil spent $115m obstructing climate laws in 2015, NGO says Edward Snowdens David Cameron Tweet Tells Public to Rise Up and Force PMs Resignation David Cameron facing calls to resign after finally confessing he did profit from 30,000 stake in his late father's offshore fund Pope tell catholics to be more open toward gays and lesbians Thousands protesters to descend on Downing Street over PM's offshore links After Australian ISP offers free data day to make up for widespread outage, customers use 2686 terabytes of data. This includes a single user downloading nearly a terabyte of data in 24 hours, including all of wikipedia, 24 seasons of the simpsons, 14 seasons of mythbusters, and backing it up. Malawi Chief Annuls 850 Child Marriages, Sends Kids To School. In an unannounced move, David Cameron has decided not to replace former climate change envoy, forfeiting his promised fight against climate change Canadian PM Trudeau calls for global cooperation to crack down on offshore tax evasion in wake of Panama Papers scandal China's Great Firewall inventor forced to use VPN live on stage to dodge his own creation UK chancellor George Osborne benefited personally from a 6m tax dodging scheme A Saudi Arabialed military coalition used bombs supplied by the United States in an attack on a market in Yemen last month that killed at least 97 civilians, including 25 children, Human Rights Watch said in a report released Wednesday. Panama Papers leaked from law firm Mossack Fonseca uncover the exclusive club that lines the pockets of Palestine's political and financial elite 13 North Korean workers at overseas restaurants defect to S. Korea David Cameron accused of 'completely undermining' Tory claims to be tough on tax dodgers The U.S. Treasury Department intends to soon issue a longdelayed rule forcing banks to seek the identities of people behind shellcompany account holders, after the Panama Papers leak provoked a global uproar over the hiding of wealth via offshore banking devices Disgraced former FIFA boss Sepp Blatter to serve on panel on how to fix FIFA Female police officers subjected to 'attractiveness' inspections in Mexico Global warming may be far worse than thought, cloud analysis suggests. Researchers find clouds contain more liquid  as opposed to ice  than was previously believed, threatening greater increase in temperatures. 17+ Civilians Killed in U.S. Airstrikes Terror suspect Mohammed Abrini arrested Saudi Arabia's king announces a bridge is to be built over the Red Sea to Egypt 9,000 Ethiopian Jews to make aliyah in June Denmark arrests four suspected 'Islamic State' returnees SpaceX successfully lands its rocket on a floating drone ship for the first time Corbyn says David Cameron has 'misled the public' and lost their trust Taxpayer 'pays for Samantha Cameron's 53,000ayear fashion adviser' Uganda's only radiotherapy machine for cancer treatment breaks thousands will not be able to get life saving treatment The U.S. Air Force has deployed B52 longrange bombers to the Middle East for the first time since the Gulf war ended over 25 years North Korea ICBM engine test succeeded, North's official KCNA says it would guarantee an eventual nuclear strike on the US mainland. Cameron admits he mishandled Panama Papers row One Third of Iraqis Think US Supports Terrorism, ISIS Al Qaeda affiliate says it killed Bangladeshi blogger, group says Machetewielding attackers in the Bangladeshi capital of Dhaka killed Samad, 26, the sixth secularist writer or publisher to be killed in the city in the last 14 months. China Blocks Economist and Time Websites, Apparently Over Xi Jinping Articles 1 in 50 British men are unknowingly raising a child which isn't theirs, research suggests Paris attacks suspect Mohamed Abrini arrested Norway won't take any more refugees from EU UK government goes on confiscation spree of mobility equipment from the disabled. Since 2013, more than 17,000 disabled people have had their mobility cars, powered wheelchairs, or scooters taken away. By 2018, it is predicted that 90,000 motability vehicles will be repossessed. Police raid El Salvador branch of Panama Papers law firm Former Governor of Iceland's Central Bank now named in the Panama Papers German migrant coordinator calls for doubling deportations Every Voter in Philippines Exposed in Mega Hack Twothirds of voters do not trust the new Icelandic government, sworn in yesterday First freight train links Wuhan in central China and Lyons in France Trudeau says he has no money in offshore accounts Sex tape scandal was work of Putin, says Russian political activist exposed in video Police operation & evacuation in Brussels, emergency vehicles at scene  report TransCanada estimates that about 16,800 gallons of oil leaked into a field in South Dakota as part of a spill that has shut the Keystone pipeline down while officials investigate. European storks become couch potatoes and junk food junkies Instead of migrating to Africa, storks are spending their winters feeding at landfills in Spain and Portugal. Storks across Europe are staying put due to availability of food waste at dumps  which causes some problems. Top secret 28 pages may hold clues about Saudi support for 9/11 hijackers Ukraine Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk has just resigned Huge turnout as thousands attend Downing Street protest calling for David Cameron's resignation Cameron's 70,000 tax dodge revealed PM received 200,000 gift from his mother in a bid to avoid death duties, new figures released by Downing St show Temple in Kerala hosts a fireworks competition after being denied permission, fire breaks out, 85 confirmed dead, hundreds injured Scientists have added a oneatom thick layer of graphene to solar panels, which enables them to generate electricity from raindrops Congo expels American researcher after he published a report linking soldiers to the massacres of civilians. Migrant crisis Macedonia repels migrants with tear gas at Greece border Strong earthquake jolts Pakistan The Lancet Half of all maternal, child, and newborn deaths could be prevented for $4.70 per person. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation funded study has found that for only $4.70 each 4 million lives could be saved each year. Spending on family planning alone could save 1.5 million lives annually. Islamist militants kill 18 soldiers, behead 4, in Philippines clashes Obama may visit nuclear ground zero Hiroshima Egypt gives Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia Venezuela energy crisis President tells women to stop using hairdryers and go with 'natural' style to save electricity Bomb explodes in Istanbul, Turkey Syrian prime minister says Russian air force and Syrian army preparing joint operation to liberate Aleppo Cameron releases tax returns information in unprecedented move following row over his financial affairs The world looks away as blood flows in Burundi | World news U.S. needs up to 18 more Russian rocket engines Pentagon India in talks to buy U.S. Predator drones, has eye on China, Pakistan Officials Group that hit Brussels planned 2nd France attack David Cameron faces questions over 200,000 gift from mother Russia's Patriarch Kirill Some Human Rights Are 'Heresy' Melting ice sheets changing the way the Earth wobbles on its axis, says Nasa Report Hamas taps over 1,000 terror operatives to dig Gaza tunnels, using building materials and paying hundreds of thousands of dollars per month for the tunnelbuilding Fifty four large investors managing 1 trillion pounds ($1.41 trillion) in assets have launched a campaign to curb the use of antibiotics in the meat and poultry. A man has been arrested for trying to assassinate the chief forensic expert in MH17 probe China Says 80% of Tested Wells Had Water Too Polluted to Drink Half of British Muslims 'think homosexuality should be illegal' Saudi blogger Raif Badawi, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for publishing a liberal blog, is to be awarded the International Publishers Associations Prix Voltaire for his contribution to freedom of speech. N Korea senior intelligence officer 'defects to South' Turkey asks Germany to prosecute comedian for insulting Erdogan Despite ban, women take part in I run Iran marathon HSBC, Coutts & Rothschild British banks help the 1% evade tax, Panama Papers suggest World's Wild Tiger Count Rising for First Time in a Century The leaders of every major Scottish political party publish their tax returns Law firm at the center of the Panama offshore accounts scandal routinely usurped the name of the Red Cross and other charities to help obscure the origin of millions of dollars in questionable funds, two newspapers involved in the investigation reported Sunday. Police station attacked in S. Russia, suicide bombing feared Canada's Attawapiskat First Nation declares state of emergency over recent spate of suicide attempts  11 attempts on Saturday night alone In Hiroshima, Kerry will not apologize for atomic bombs dropped on Japan World's smallest diode created out of an 11 base pair DNA molecule by joint American and Israeli research team. A SpaceX Dragon cargo ship delivered the first inflatable room for astronauts to the International Space Station on Saturday, two days after launching from Cape Canaveral. The world's count of wild tigers has gone up for the first time in more than a century. Fukushima students reach out to tell truth about radiation Swede arrested in Brussels rainwashedy militants Panama Leaks Demand Coordinated Regulator Response, Denmark Says At least 18 soldiers were killed and more than 50 wounded in a gun battle in the southern Philippines between government forces and the militant group Abu Sayyaf Top North Korean intelligence officer defected to South, Seoul says Conspiracy theories abound six years after Polish plane crash in Russia Poland's rightwing government has launched a new investigation into the crash. Jaroslaw Kaczynski, brother of the late president, says the plane broke up in midair and that then Polish PM Tusk was behind the crash Greenland and Antarctic melt isnt just raising seas  its changing the Earths rotation In other words, even as the Earth spins on its axis in a west to east direction, completing a full rotation every 24 hours, that axis itself is also moving. Air France's gay stewards refuse to go to Iran, where homosexuality is punishable by death Scientists have for the first time scanned the brains of people using LSD and found how brain in a psychedelic drug state mimics mind of a baby free and unconstrained. Victoria has become the first state in Australia to legalise the use of medicinal cannabis Muslim woman prevented second terror attack on Paris by tipping off police about whereabouts of ISIS mastermind EU unveils plan to force Facebook, Google and Amazon to pay their fair share of tax Global Fisheries are collapsing. Some stocks depleted already by 85% CIA middlemen and other spies used Panama Papers law firm to hide activities, report says Most of World Bank's Private Investments Linked to Tax Havens Canadian Government offers up to $5 Million for whistle blowers after the release of the Panama Papers. A top African (Nigerian) prophet and televangelist  T.B. Joshuas shell company in offshore tax haven revealed in PanamaPapers U.S. Drone Strike Kills 17 Civilians, Including First Responders In Afghanistan President Obama Libya aftermath 'worst mistake' of presidency Number of wild tigers in the world rises 22%, For the first time in almost a century, there has been an increase in the global tiger population. Some people appear to be born with 'superhero DNA' that cancels out genetic diseases like cystic fibrosis, say researchers. Saudi Arabias top Islamic cleric says women would be exposed to evil if allowed to drive Panama Papers HMRC chief was partner at law firm that acted for David Cameron offshore fund First air passengers land on China's blacklist for 'uncivilized behavior' Television crew of the Australian edition of 60 minutes to be charged with kidnapping 2 children in Beirut. Norway's Lutheran church votes in favor of samesex marriage An impeachment committee of Brazil's lower house of Congress voted 3827 on Monday that there are grounds to impeach President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws to allegedly favor her reelection in 2014 One in every five suicide bombers used by Boko Haram in the past two years has been a child, a report by UNICEF says. Brazil Deploying Troops, Barricades Before Impeachment Votes U.S. to China Abide by International Ruling on Disputed Islands U.S. sources N. Korea may be preparing mobile ballistic missile launch UK  Dennis Skinner kicked out of Commons for Cameron jibe over tax First Interstellar Probe Mission Announced Breakthrough Starshot Will Accelerate Tiny Probes to Alpha Centauri 20 Years After Launch UK Jeremy Corbyn found to have overpaid tax... after the Sun newspaper tried to smear the Labour leader Thailand to Punish Drunk Drivers by Sending them to Work at the Morgue Sugar addiction 'should be treated as a form of drug abuse' Uber says they gave U.S. agencies data on more than 12 million users Wide Majorities of Young Arabs Despise ISIS, Want More Rights for Women, See U.S. as Ally 7.2 earthquake hits MyanmarIndia border Graduates earning less than those who did not go to university, research reveals  Those studying the creative arts and mass communication go on to be among the lowest paid graduates David Cameron says it is 'unfair' to criticise Britishcontrolled tax havens Police Raid Mossack Fonseca headquarters in Panama Greece sells countrys largest port to China Its only April, and scientists are already stunned by Greenlands melting The Danish Meteorological Institute reported that although its only April, nearly 12 percent of the ice sheets surface is covered with a layer of meltwater of a depth of at least a millimeter. Kinder chocolate banned in Palestine because it contains alcohol Swedish Turkish leader resigns after death to Armenians speech Amsterdam airport evacuated for security threat Ecuador's President Demands Release of All the Panama Papers Goldman Sachs has agreed to pay more than $5 billion to settle charges it sold mortgages it knew were likely to fail during the housing bubble heydays of 20052007 Germany train crash Controller 'distracted by computer game' India's Supreme Court Some Hindu temples/mosques ban on women is unacceptable and undermines the fight for gender equality. Worlds largest coal company files for bankruptcy Merkel stresses commitment to free speech in row over Erdoan poem Amid ominous warnings about threats to pollinators and the food crops they make possible, gardencare giant Ortho said Tuesday [12 April 2016] it will stop using a class of chemicals widely believed to harm the most important pollinators of all bees. IMF Inflation in Venezuela is projected to increase 481% this year and by a staggering 1,642% next year Malik Jalal asks to be taken off the Kill List. Shanghai People Who Fail to Visit Parents Can Be Sued, Will Have Credit Scores Lowered Saudi Arabia strips religious police of arresting power Putin praises Obama for admitting mistakes in Libya Firstly, this fact confirms once again that the current US president is a decent person US corporations have $1.4tn hidden in tax havens, claims Oxfam report Netherlands looks to ban all gas, diesel car sales by 2025 Oil industry knew of 'serious' climate concerns more than 45 years ago In Macedonia after a wiretapping scandal the president pardons all politicians, protesters break into president's office 97% of scientists believe climate change is caused by humans, study finds Over 1,000 Leaders Worldwide Call for End to Disastrous Drug War, Ahead of UN Special Session The use of sniffer dogs at Manchester Airport has been criticised after dogs there failed to discover any Class A drugs in a sevenmonth period. But one dog, trained to detect illegal animal products, often found small amounts of cheese or sausages carried by holidaymakers, a report said. Canadian government under fire over $12bn arms sale to Saudi Arabia. A worldfamous sports stars charity backed by Princess Beatrice and David Beckham is under investigation after the Mail found less than 1 per cent of the cash it raised in the UK has gone to good causes. In a world first, a quadriplegic man can once again move his fingers after a chip was implanted in his brain. Canada's new assisted suicide law will only apply to Canadians and permanent residents, precluding the prospect of suicide tourism. USS Donald Cook buzzed again by Russian jets in Baltic Germany Islam CSU head Scheuer calls for German in mosques. The senior German conservative politician has said German must become the language of the country's mosques and that foreign funding from Turkey and Saudi Arabia must stop. Canada's Liberal government accused of lying about $15billion Saudi arms deal Zika confirmed as a cause of microcephaly CDC  Health Islamic State destroys 2,000yearold ancient gates of Nineveh near Mosul. BP CEO to receive 20% pay rise to $20m/14m US accuses Israel of using excessive force against Palestinians. Annual US report on human rights says nearly half of Palestinians killed by Israel were not carrying out attacks, and many times did not pose a threat to life Swiss banking whistleblower claims the CIA are behind the Panama Papers leak Canadian Police Obtained BlackBerrys Global Decryption Key. A highlevel surveillance probe of Montreal's criminal underworld shows that Canada's federal policing agency has had a global encryption key for BlackBerry devices since 2010. The worlds first museum dedicated to Chinas Tiananmen Square crackdown is to close its doors in Hong Kong, with organisers saying they believe they are being targeted for political reasons. IMF warns of fresh financial crisis NASA Global warming now changing how Earth wobbles A witness to the disappearance of 43 Mexican students in 2014 has told investigators that federal and municipal police were present when the youths were forced from their bus, according to the countrys national human rights commission. N. Korea's early morning attempt to fire ballistic missile ends in failure military Putin admits Panama Papers 'accurate,lames US Greenland is melting so quickly, scientists thought they had made an error. Half of all jobless in Sweden are foreigners Nasa calls out climate change deniers on Facebook  Nasa had to tell a climate change denier that actually, fossil fuels aren't cooling the planet Jamaica Weighs Replacing Queen Elizabeth and Legalizing Pot Norway's $860 Billion Fund Drops 52 Companies Linked to Coal Welcome to Czechia Czech Republic adopts oneword name A single Iraqi M1 Abrams tank tears through Islamic State in Hit, earning the name Beast Russia FSB raids offices of billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov whose newspaper published 'Panama Papers' The Worlds Only Tiananmen Massacre Museum Is Being Forced To Close Spanish Minister Resigns After Alleged links to Panama Papers A neverbeforeseen galaxy has been spotted orbiting the Milky Way. Leonardo Da Vinci's living relatives found painter, engineer, Oscar nominee Saudi Arabia said on Thursday that $681m (479m) transferred into Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razaks personal bank account was a genuine donation. China blasts US human rights in titfortat report money corrupting politics and calling U.S. airstrikes in Syria and Iraq a gross violation of other countries' human rights. Also cited gun crime, excessive force by police and touched on prison system corruption, homelessness, racial conflict Mexico's President Is Skipping the Big UN Drug Meeting That Mexico Demanded Fossil fuels could be phased out worldwide in a decade, says new study. Average house price in Canada jumps 15% to $508,567 in March EU trade law could criminalise whistleblowers The charity GiveDirectly has just announced it will begin testing universal basic income by spending an estimated $30 million on providing it to 6,000 Kenyans. Fast food workers and union members have held a protest at a McDonald's restaurant at Disneyland Paris to demand higher wages and an end to the use of tax havens by multinational corporations Indian tigers may replenish Cambodian forests Second Canadian Province To Offer Free University Tuition to Low Income Students Saudi Arabia has told the Obama administration that it will sell off hundreds of billions of dollars worth of American assets held by the kingdom if Congress passes a bill that would allow the Saudi government to be held responsible in American courts for any role in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Powerful 7.1magnitude earthquake hits southern Japan BP CEO to get $3.3 million raise after 12,000 layoffs Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster conducts legal wedding in New Zealand  A pastarafian couple in New Zealand has become the first to tie the noodly knot in a legally recognized ceremony officiated by an ordained ministeroni from the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Global Temperature Averages In February Broke Records and Was Deemed Shocking By Scientists. March has just surpassed It. The supreme Court of Canada has ruled that two key tough on crime measures brought in by previous conservative government are unconstitutional, including mandatory minimum sentencing of 1 year in prison for drug offenses. Iran govt. disqualifies female politician for allegedly shaking hands with a man Japan earthquakes 29 dead and 1,500 injured after second quake in two days Germany's Merkel criticized for allowing prosecution of comedian who mocked Erdogan Millions Face Starvation As Haitis Drought Stretches Into Its 3rd Year  Weve had droughts before, but never like this. Pope takes 12 migrants with him back to Vatican from Lesbos Ancient mass graves discovered in Greece  They're from 675650 BC, a period of great political turmoil in the region. 80 found lined up, some on backs & others on stomachs. 36 had their hands bound with iron. May have been followers of ancient wouldbe tyrant Cylon of Athens. UK government sets up an international Olympics of esports  First twoday eGames competition set for Rio alongside the actual Olympics. Growing wealth inequality 'dangerous' threat to democracy experts Safety checks faked at German nuclear power stations Belgium minister resigns after airport security lapses leak Protesters who blockaded London arms trade fair acquitted after judge sees evidence of illegal weapons on sale Russia is running out of money Protest against Egyptian President 100 arrested over islands given to Saudi Arabia U.S. Report on Saudi Arabia Downplays Civilian Casualties in Yemen Carbyne Scientists create 'holy grail' strongest material in the world that's tougher than graphene The World Health Organization approves world's firstever vaccine for dengue fever. Young French people have been staying up all night for two weeks to protest labour reforms & social inequality Leaked Email ABA Cancels Book for Fear of Upsetting the Chinese Government The American Bar Association insists the move was marketdriven, but an employee email says otherwise. Brazil Supreme Court upholds Rousseff impeachment vote Man accidentally discovers perfectly preserved Roman villa in his backyard  Luke Irwin came across a well preserved Roman villa dating back 1,400 yrs which may have been home to an emperor Apple recovered 2,204 pounds of gold from broken iPhones last year Ed Miliband says Panama Papers show wealth does not trickle down Ecuador earthquake Powerful M7.4 tremor near Pedernales prompts tsunami alerts. Antiausterity protest brings 50,000 to the streets of London to demand David Cameron's resignation Putin revealed to have told Assad 'We will not let you lose' Thousands of people gathered for a fifth consecutive night in the center of the Macedonian capital of Skopje to protest President Gjorge Ivanov's decision to grant pardons to dozens of politicians, including a former prime minister, accused in a wiretapping scandal Earthquake kills 77 in Ecuador, devastates coastal area 9 Guantanamo Bay detainees moved to Saudi Arabia Ethiopia Armed men 'kill 140' near South Sudan border Palestinian who filmed Israeli soldier shooting disarmed man dead in Hebron receives death threats Netanyahu vows Golan Heights will remain part of Israel forever Doctors fear 'supergonorrhoea' will spread across UK Nearly half of British public think all tax returns should be made public Rodrigo Duterte Philippines presidential candidate jokes about rape and murder of Australian missionary Explosion Injures 3 at Sikh Temple in Western Germany How the Panama Papers revealed Nazilooted art Belgian Interior Minister Jan Jambon said Saturday that a significant part of the Muslim population celebrated attacks, blaming the country's policies for failing to integrate migrants into society. Three million residents in the Chilean capital Santiago have been left without clean water after landslides caused by heavy rains polluted the rivers supplying the city. Sacred North Korean Volcano at Risk of Possible Eruption A United States Air Force reconnaissance plane was barrelrolled by a Russian jet over the Baltic Sea during a routine flight in international airspace, U.S. European Command said Saturday. Congress to vote on impeaching Rousseff in divided Brazil AntiIsis coalition 'preparing to launch final assault on Raqqa stronghold', US official says Massive Investment Fund Drops Eleven Companies Linked to Destructive Environmental Practices War on drugs UN challenged by Colombian president Brazilian congress votes to impeach president Dilma Rousseff Ethiopia attack 200 people dead, 100 children missing UK Home Secretary Theresa May 'tried to alter drug report because she didnt like its conclusions' | UK Politics More than 400 refugees drown in Mediterranean after boats capsize crossing from Egypt to Italy Georgia detains six it says were trying to sell $200 million worth of uranium238 Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel backed his outspoken interior minister over comments that a significant number of Muslims had cheered the Brussels bombings, and said supporters of terrorism were a cancer that needed removing US says it will respond strongly in event of another North Korea nuclear test. Pharmaceutical company manager busted with $300 million worth of ephedrine, illegally used for production of methamphetamine in India . Castro, 84, says Cuba's leaders are too old, proposes limits Chinese Parents Outraged After Illnesses at School Are Tied to Pollution Europe can't take in millions of migrants exchancellor Kohl  Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl has warned that Europe can't become a new home for millions of migrants, in a veiled criticism of incumbent Angela Merkel's liberal asylum policies. Hands off our cherished BBC, say older voters  The government is not trusted by a majority of voters to protect the BBC. Labour has recently accused ministers of trying to intimidate the BBC as part of a wider attempt to limit scrutiny of [the government's] activities. Germany's AfD takes overt antiIslam stance The rightwing Alternative for Germany has called for a ban on minarets and burqas ahead of its party congress Pilot flying into Heathrow airport says 'drone hit plane' Decriminalising Cannabis Would Hurt Islamic State, MafiaItaly Prosecutor. Sweden's housing minister quits after extremism row. Swedish minister Mehmet Kaplan resigns over dinner with Turkish fascist and comments about Israel Brazil leader's ally admits impeachment defeat Video of soldiers torturing woman prompts apology from Mexican defense chief Hacking Your Phone  CBS News 60 Minutes  They were able to do it by exploiting a security flaw they discovered in Signaling System Seven  or SS7. It is a littleknown, but vital global network that connects phone carriers. England's last remaining golden eagle feared to have died in Lake District One of Italy's 100 most dangerous criminals has been arrested by detectives disguised as pizza boys who delivered food to his home as he was watching a football match. UK firm 'employed former child soldiers' as mercenaries in Iraq; Former director acknowledges Aegis Defence Services may have recruited former child fighters in Sierra Leone China releases dam water to ease SE Asia drought Tusk says 'alarming' numbers of migrants in Libya Trudeau Respecting Saudi deal a 'matter of principle' British govt poopoos winning 'Boaty McBoatface' name for ship  After Internet users overwhelmingly voted to christen Britain's new $300 million research ship Boaty McBoatface in an online naming poll, a govt official suggests the name won't be used. A fifth of people with advanced melanoma have no sign of tumours in their body after treatment with a pair of immunotherapy drugs, a study shows. 7YearOld Boy Hit and Killed by UN Ambassador's Motorcade in Cameroon At least 20 reported wounded in Jerusalem bus blast At least 413 people are now known to have died in the earthquake that struck Ecuador, the country's government says. German spies imply Snowden leaked files for Russia Almost 500 Students Fall Ill at Posh Chinese School From Toxic Waste Dumped Nearby 60 Minutes crew facing more time in Lebanese prison on kidnapping charges Why supergonorrhoea is spreading & may soon be untreatable  Englands public health agency has launched an incident response after discovering more cases of gonorrhoea that are resistant to nearly all antibiotics. Solar is now cheaper than coal, says India energy minister State of Undress North Korean dictator bans jeans and piercings in latest crackdown on Western fashion Africa Sees 10fold Increase in Number of Children Used for 'Suicide' Bombings Brazil president says she won't quit after impeachment vote Sea Shepherd Announces the Destruction of an Illegal Antarctic Fishing Fleet Riot erupts in Cairo after policeman kills man over cup of tea US, Germany Golan Heights not part of Israel; The United States and Germany both criticized Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus declaration that the Golan Heights will forever remain part of Israeli sovereignty. Vice President Joe Biden says the U.S. has an obligation to push Israel toward peace with Palestinians despite a sometimes overwhelming frustration with Israel's government Unprecedented global warming as 2016 approaches 1.5 C mark Lausanne, Switzerland is joining the growing list of places looking to experiment with a universal basic income In groundbreaking move, Europe bans 2 endocrinedisrupting weedkillers  Use of Amitrole & Isoproturon, herbicides that have been linked to cancer, infertility & birth defects, is prohibited from Sept 30 IDF discovers twokilometerlong Hamas tunnel in Gaza border area Cuba calls Obama visit 'an attack' as Communists defend ideology Over 1,000 Leaders Worldwide Slam Failed Prohibitionist Drug Policies, Call for Systemic Reform Mexican volcano spews ash two miles into the air over Puebla Egypt floods Hamas tunnel, seven Palestinian trapped Pacific Bluefin Tuna Population Drops 97% Due to Overfishing France bill McDonald's $341 million for unpaid taxes on profits believed to have been funneled through Luxembourg, Switzerland 'Insult Turkey's Erdogan' contest set up by UK magazine Great Barrier Reef Half of natural wonder is dead or dying and it is on the brink of extinction, scientists say Mexican marines forced captured cartel bosses to wear women's lingerie and kiss each other Fidel Castro, almost 90, gives rare speech saying he will soon die. Britain has exported 2.8bn of arms to Saudi Arabia since it started bombing Yemen in 2015 S. Korea covered up mass abuse, killings of 'vagrantsefore 1988 Olympics India says it still wants back British queen's crown jewel; India has repeatedly demanded that Britain return the 105carat diamond, which was presented to Queen Victoria in 1850 and today sits on display as part of the Crown Jewels in the Tower of London. Mitsubishi also admits cheating fuel efficiency tests Muslim preachers appointed by the Ministry of Justice distributing Islamist material to inmates | Extremist material was found in more than 10 prisons, condemning homosexuality, urging attacks against apostates, and advocating a hard line interpretation of Sharia law. Mexico's president says he is open to legalizing medical marijuana 3 men in line for Brazilian presidency accused of corruption Australian ranch the size of Ireland sold to Chinese investors More Than Half of Russians Want the Soviet Union Resurrected NY Times Workers from two rival construction companies in China clashed using heavy machinery Norwegian court rules mass killer Breivik's rights violated Saudi Arabia takes out $10bn in bank loans Saudi Arabia Deploys US Public Relations Army Against 9/11 Bill At least 28 people have been killed and 329 injured in a huge explosion in the centre of the Afghan capital Kabul Hong Kong politician Beijing will send in troops if Hong Kong declares independence Intel to cut 12,000 jobs globally  approximately 11% of its workforce. 61 endangered species facing extinction in N. Korea due to deforestation World Bank Drones and kites banned from flying over London during Obama visit Some drug cartels now make more money from gold than cocaine Declassified memo shows multiple Saudi connections to 9/11 plotters flight certificate of Al Qaeda operative found in envelope from the Saudi Embassy in DC Canada to introduce pot legalization legislation in 2017 IS executes 250 women for refusing sexual jihad report Referendum on abolishing monarchy must be held when Queen dies, republicans demand Islamic face veil to be banned in Latvia despite being worn by just three women in entire country Watchdog says press freedom in decline in 'new era of propaganda' Super rich who hide money in tax havens to be unmasked Scientists resort to advertising to get Great Barrier Reef crisis in Queensland paper David Cameron will not be investigated over offshore trust and tax affairs by parliamentary watchdog China deploying thousands of troops along North Korea border Wall Street Journal Runs FullPage Ad Denying Armenian Genocide Jamaica Foreign Minister tells UN that scheduling cannabis as a dangerous drug with no medical use is outdated & out of touch & that the UN to needs to get its act together on weed Private US firms are opposing India's space program from launching US satellites into space. Iran's president criticized the use of thousands of undercover morality police in Tehran to report on young women who are not wearing a full Islamic hijab or those who play loud music in their cars. Some 7,000 men and women officers began reporting such violations in Tehran Obama Blasts Saudi 9/11 Bill, Says It Opens U.S. to 'Being Continually Sued' If we open up the possibility that individuals and the United States can routinely start suing over governments, then we are also opening up the United States to being continually sued by individuals in other countries. U.K. Issues Travel Warning About Antigay U.S. States China's President Xi Jinping has assumed a new U.S.style joint role as commander in chief of the military, state media and analysts said Thursday, signaling the buildup of his authority as the country's most powerful leader in decades. Failed N.K. missile launch damages launcher, causes human casualties report The Fallout From the Panama Papers in Hong Kong  The timing of an expos in a Hong Kong newspaper & an editors firing has angered some journalists. Saudi government has vast network of PR, lobby firms in U.S. VW to pay US customers $5,000 each to settle suit; VW would pay each customer affected by the carmaker's use of emissions test cheating software $5,000, in addition to paying to repair their vehicles Confirmed as Oldest in World Message in bottle, promising finder a shilling, bobs up  Thrown into North Sea in 1906 by marine biologist & found by German woman She followed note's instructions & mailed it to Marine Biological Assn. We found an old shilling & sent it to her. Colombian president prohibitionist drug policies have been a 'failure' Philippine's presidential frontrunner tells US and Australia to cut their ties if he becomes president. Hundreds of Palestinians march in support of Jerusalem bus bombing suspect The Netherlands to decriminalize insulting heads of state Iranian women call on Western tourists to violate headscarf law to fight against oppression Swiss army ready to act in worst case migrant scenario  Switzerland has said it is ready to mobilize up to 2,000 soldiers at border crossings should migrants continue to arrive into the country. Russian engineers have used dogs and robots to successfully clear the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra of nearly 3000 explosive devices left behind by Islamic State. 2,400 yearold Romanera mosaic found in southern Turkey says be cheerful, enjoy your life Edward Snowden to sue Norway in a bid to secure free passage in Norway without being extradited to the US. He wants to come to Norway to accept a freedom of speech award. Norwegian fighter jet helps save dying patient Hospital staff call on air force F16 to transport vital equipment from Trondheim hospital to patient 280 miles away US Army captain foils Denmark school attack  A US Army captain in Iraq helped crack a plot to bomb a Danish school after gleaning crucial details from documents recovered from extremists, the Pentagon said on Wednesday. Olympic bike lane collapses in Rio; at least 2 die Boris Johnson suggests 'partKenyan' Obama may have an 'ancestral dislike' of Britain Barcelona Police Raid Arrests 39 Chinese Mafia Frees 30 Trafficked Chinese Women U.S. charges woman for exporting underwater drone technology to China 'Kindly send us names and quotes insulting our president' Ankara's Consulate asks Dutch citizens Decriminalize all drugs, business and world leaders tell UN U.S. soldier helps foil plot to blow up school in Denmark Brussels bomber identified as jailer of foreign Isis hostages Najim Laachraoui was Islamic State guard known as Abou Idriss, according to lawyer of former Syria hostage Nicolas Henin Hong Kong bars may offer 'men's nights' after court deems ladies' night promos discriminatory Mexico to Consider Cannabis Legalization Turkish hotline for Erdogan insults angers Dutch 6.0 quake strikes Ecuador amid recovery efforts Germany arrests two teenagers suspected of bombing Sikh temple DE  Teen 'Salafists' arrested over bomb attack on Sikh temple The UK has been using massive datasets to spy on innocent civilians for years Blow for Pope's reforms as audit into Vatican finances forced to halt Russian forces fired on Israeli military aircraft in Syria Websites that detect adblockers to stop their users from reading webpages could be illegal under European law Coral reef discovered in murky waters of the Amazon river, covering 3600 sq. km. Thousands of Germans Protest TTIP Trade Deal Before Obama Visit Pirate Partys leader detained in Germany for citing poem about Erdogan A university professor has been hacked to death in Bangladesh, in an attack police say is similar to a number of killings of secular bloggers and atheist activists in the past months A former undercover C.I.A. agent will be handed over to Italy, where she was convicted of taking part in the 2003 kidnapping of an Egyptian cleric in one of the renditions ordered by the George W. Bush administration China official says film 'The Martian' shows Americans want space cooperation North Korea seen to fire submarinelaunched ballistic missile South Korea Emission cheating costs VW $18 billion Climate deal won't stop Great Barrier Reef from getting 'cooked', say Greens. Australias lack of action on pollution reduction targets has made the country a laughing stock on the international stage, according to senator Larissa Waters Great Barrier Reef 93% of reefs hit by coral bleaching China stopped from buying cattle ranches the size of Ireland from Australia Brutal heat wave in India puts 330 million people at risk. Turkish border guards shoot eight Syrian refugees dead, including women and children trying to reach safety. Mexican voter database containing 93.4 million records leaks online Blindfolded and beaten Palestinians decry PA torture. Rights groups cite lack of accountability among PA security forces as a factor in persistent torture allegations. Nicaragua undergoing most severe environmental crisis in recent history drastic reduction or disappearance of 34 rivers, nearcomplete evaporation of at 4 lakes, loss of nearly 6,000 hectares of pine forest, reduced rainfall and advance of agricultural frontier are some of the challenges it faces. US to buy 32 metric tons of Iranian heavy water to fulfill nuclear deal terms Australian river set on fire after Greens member of Parliament lights bubbling methane gas. China denies reports of massing troops at North Korea border Merkel admits 'mistake' in Bhmermann satire case [Russia] Controversial new Human Rights Commissioner says human rights are a Western blackmail tool Fiat Chrysler is recalling more than 1.1 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the vehicles may roll away after drivers exit. China to Develop Floating Nuclear Power Plants Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Delivers Statement on Armenian Genocide After being released the head of the Berlin branch of Germanys Pirate Party, who was arrested for citing an insulting poem about Turkish President Erdogan, has told RT people should expect to lose their freedom of speech when their government signs deals with dictators. Dutch journalist arrested in Turkey for criticising Erdoan Police sweep away Brazils street children ahead of Olympics. As Rio prepares for the spotlight the Games will bring, advocates for homeless youth say children are being detained arbitrarily by policeor in some cases simply vanishing. India Accuses US Of Double Standards On Solar Trade Europe is now malaria free for the first time in years. Malaria cases in Europe have dropped from a peak of over 90,000 in 1995 to zero in 2015, according to the World Health Organization. Investigators Say Mexico Has Thwarted Efforts to Solve Students Disappearance China to increase highspeed rail network to 30,000 km by 2020 By the end of 2015, the length of highspeed railway (HSR) lines in operation in China exceeded 19,000 km with nearly 10,000 km under construction London cat killer mystery deepens as charities investigate 100 animal deaths Prominent Sikh Figure Gunned Down In Pakistan U.N. torture watchdog urges Saudi to halt flogging, amputations S Africa 49 starving monkeys rescued from cages  Starving, dehydrated monkeys were rescued from garden nursery near Johannesburg Saturday, kept for the entertainment of those buying plants. Some heads were disproportionally large for their bodies & bones protruded. Many had rickets. A bioethics panel of the Japanese government on Friday approved gene modifications of fertilized human eggs for basic research purposes, while rejecting the technology's clinical use due partly to the unknown impact on the next generation. North Korean official We'll stop nuclear tests if US halts military exercises Germany is seeking the creation of safe zones to shelter refugees in Syria, Chancellor Angela Merkel says, an idea Turkey has long championed in the face of UN caution. Keeping refugees on the Syrian side of the border would help Brussels and Ankara stem the flow of migrants to European shores. Saudi human rights activist sentenced to 9 years in prison Russia threatens to use 'all necessary measures' after US destroyer sails close to border India, France launch $1 trillion potential solar programme for developing countries Ruined Chernobyl nuclear plant will remain a threat for 3,000 years Islamist student arrested over machete murder of Bangladeshi university professor Australian MP sets river on fire, blames nearby fracking Norwegian fighter jet pilot fires at control tower during training flight Ecuador quake death toll jumps to 646, one week on Turkey warns EU Visa deal or no migrant pact N. Korea says it will send restaurant defectors' families to Seoul Japan OKs recognizing virtual currencies as similar to real money Missing Mexican Students Suffered a Night of Terror, Investigators Say An international panel has provided details of the night in 2014 when Mexican police and gunmen abducted 43 students who have not been seen since. TTIP UK Government did just one assessment of trade deal and found it had 'lots of risks and no benefit' Revealed nearly all new diesel cars exceed official pollution limits  Health experts lambast deceitful carmakers as data suggests 97% of vehicles fail to meet NOx emissions standards in realworld conditions. Australia May Take in African Rhinos to Prevent Extinction Elephant poachers killed three rangers in Congo's Garamba wildlife park and wounded two other people including the Swedish park manager. Australian MP sets river on fire, blames nearby fracking  An Australian MP is blaming seeping methane from a nearby fracking site for making it possible for him to set Queensland's Condamine River on fire. Saudi Arabia just announced its plan to diversify away from oil Bangladesh LGBT editor hacked to death US President Barack Obama has dismissed North Korea's proposal to suspend nuclear tests if the US ends its annual military exercises with the South. On Sunday Mr Obama told reporters that the US did not take such a proposal seriously and that Pyongyang would have to do better than that. Farright 'comes top in Austria vote' Brazil has said it repatriated $125m (86m) last year siphoned off to foreign bank accounts by corrupt officials, politicians and businessmen. Japan says China's maritime expansion making the world 'greatly worried'  Foreign Minister, speaking ahead of Beijing visit, said China is making the world worried with its military buildup & maritime expansion in the East & South China Seas. ISIS Chief India recruiter killed in US drone strike. Victims of a New African Massacre Gorillas  With conflicts abating some in jungles of Democratic Republic of Congo, researchers finally have an updated gorilla head count  one that confirms their fears. They've plummeted 77%. Less than 3,800 remain. Australian politician sets river on fire to protest fracking Indonesian navy impounds Chinese trawler for illegal fishing Malta Prime Minister associate found selling Maltese (EU) citizenship through secret company in British Virgin Islands Carbon Pricing Becomes a Cause for the World Bank and I.M.F.  And to our economists, who have been studying this for quite some time, there is an equally obvious consensus that putting a price on carbon pollution is by far the most powerful and efficient way to reduce emissions. Bangladesh Bank hackers compromised SWIFT software, warning to be issued China's Xi warns of foreign infiltration through religion A Philippine presidential candidate who joked about raping a murdered Australian missionary widens his lead over his rivals despite backlash Marguerite Barankitse, Burundi humanitarian who saved 30,000 lives, awarded inaugural Aurora Prize in Armenia worth $1.1 million. A panel of international experts investigating the disappearance of 43 Mexican trainee teachers in 2014 says the government of President Enrique Pena Neto has hampered its inquiries. Poland's exleaders say new govt is demolishing democracy  Prominent former leaders accuse rightwing govt of demolishing countrys democracy & its international standing. Urging lawmakers to disregard what they call the draconian new legislation the govt is proposing. India revokes passport of tycoon who owes $1 billion England's Doctors Walk Out of Emergency Wards in First Ever AllOut Strike Russia Arrests Scientologist for Stealing $2 Million and Giving to Church Watchdog says press freedom in decline, 'new era of propaganda' We are a Muslim country Turkeys parliament speaker advocates religious constitution 8 bombers killed as their suicide vests went off prematurely in Kunduz  Khaama Press (KP) Islamist militants behead Canadian man in southern Philippines Hillsborough disaster Police errors led to deaths Sweden examining 'Islamic State threat' to Stockholm Massive fire destroys Delhi's National Museum of Natural History John Kerry condemns arbaric murder' of gay rights activist and US Embassy worker in Bangladesh Mitsubishi fuel tests errors since 1991 Report Rouhani requests removal of Death to Israel from Iranian missiles Russia and Syria sign deals worth $850 million to restore Syrian infrastructure ISIS pay scale revealed Documents show salaries based on number of wives, sex slaves Prions, the misfolded proteins that are known for causing degenerative illnesses in animals and humans, may have been spotted for the first time in plants. French mayor seeks to block Saudifunded mosque ISISlinked jihadis publish hit list targeting US State Dept. personnel Tories vote against accepting 3,000 child refugees (U.K) 'Coat Hanger Rebels' Battle Bid to Outlaw Abortion  Proposed law to ban abortion sends 1000s of Poles onto the streets, coat hangers held aloft & drawn on posters. Activists have long decried abortion laws in Poland, which are among the most restrictive in Europe. The city of Medellin, Colombia has been awarded the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize 2016 for its transformation from a violent city to a model of urban innovation. U.S. official ISIS has cells in UK, Germany, Italy Elephant dies from exhaustion after decades carrying tourists to Cambodia's Angkor Wat Rise in CO2 has 'greened Planet Earth' Japan warship visits the Philippines in sign of deepening security ties as row over South China Sea festers Mexico's president proposes legalising medical marijuana (and up to 28 grams for recreational) A 1.4GB leak of internal documents from Qatar National Bank gives data on alJazeera journalists, the ruling family and British 'spies' Toddler's meningitis death nets guilty verdict against Alberta parents Kim Jong Un orders missile launches when angry, source says Saying that climate change is an ethical problem, the Danish Council on Ethics (Det Etiske Rd) has called for a climate tax on red meat. Australia is buying 12 new submarines from France for $39 billion 'Largest ever lion airlift' flies 33 big cats back to Africa  Thirtythree lions rescued from circuses in Peru and Colombia are being flown back to their homeland to live out the rest of their lives in a private sanctuary in South Africa. Venezuela orders 2day work week to stave off power crisis Bangladesh A court has jailed two teachers in southern Bangladesh for making derogatory comments about Islam and the Prophet,the case began when students complained that the assistant teacher of a science class dismissed Quran as the word of God and said there was no heaven. UK Labour MP Naz Shah claimed Israeli Jews should be relocated to America in a series of social media posts Xi Jinping calls for greater tolerance of criticism online about Chinas government ... and comments about his remarks are barred or censored A Canadian tribunal has ruled the Victoria Police Dept violated an officer's rights when they prevented him from advocating for drug legalization Islamic State Up to $800m of funds 'destroyed by strikes' Sweden's Green Party 'infiltrated by Islamists' Trudeau says Canada 'does not and will not pay ransom to terrorists'  Politics Supreme Court allows 12yearold Queensland girl to have abortion Internet traffic to Wikipedia pages summarizing knowledge about terror groups and their tools plunged nearly 30 percent after revelations of widespread Web monitoring by the U.S. National Security Agency, suggesting that concerns about government snooping are hurting the ordinary pursuit of Iran's Deployment of 7,000 Plainclothes 'Morality Police' Prompts Criticism. Ofsted warns of Muslim school staff gender segregation UN rejects Israel's claim over Syria's Golan Heights [Germany] Computer virus found in Bavarian nuclear plant The South African government has banned four country's sporting bodies (cricket, rugby, netball and athletics) from bidding to host global events because there aren't sufficient black players in national teams. Reports 11 found dead at military barracks in Cape Verde Venezuela will have a 2 day work week until further notice EU rejects Greek request for emergency summit. Chinese Navy in South China Sea Draws U.S. Admiral's Praise Rear Admiral Marcus Hitchcock says his ships have been engaged on almost a twenty fourseven basis with a completely professional Peoples Liberation Army Navy Airstrike destroys Doctors Without Borders hospital in Aleppo, killing staff and patients People are increasingly identifying themselves as global rather than national citizens, according to a BBC World Service poll. Paris terror suspect is a little jerk, his lawyer says  In an interview with the French daily Liberation, Sven Mary, Abdeslam's Belgian attorney, heaped opprobrium on his departing client, whom Mary described as having the intelligence of an empty ashtray  an abysmal emptiness. Cheap red meat is helping kill off Glasgow's poorest men 30 yrs early  You need to afford to buy quality food. If you cant get quality red meat, youre going to have an issue. Glasgow is notorious for astonishing gap in life expectancy between rich & poor. Now researchers think they know why. Women protest in Nigeria, insisting we cannot be Islamised 100 days before 2016 Olympic games and Brazil is unraveling Denmark considers tax on beef, other red meats to combat climate change Iran calls for global destruction of weapons of mass destruction South Korea becomes 1st Asian nation to sign space pact with US North Korea launches missile; test fails Austria votes to reject most migrants and refugees. The Austrian parliament on Wednesday adopted one of Europe's toughest asylum laws. SpaceX is sending a Red Dragon Spacecraft to Mars in 2018 Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) successfully placed the seventh and last satellite of Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System (IRNSS) constellation into the orbit 'Let the Rich Pay More Taxes' Thousands Take to Streets in Costa Rica. Public sector workers have a long list of demands that includes salary increases, higher taxes on the wealthy, and land rights for peasants. Germany to give 1bn subsidy to boost electric car sales. 'All Belgians to get iodine pills' in case of nuclear accident Oxygen Rates in Oceans are Falling China successfully tests nuclearcapable hypersonic missile  Pentagon sources US intelligence fears that Beijing may use DFZF, capable of reaching speeds of over 11,000 kilometers per hour, to deliver nuclear weapons bypassing even the most complex of missile defense systems Taking a stance sharply at odds with most American public health officials, the British Royal College of Physician urged smokers to switch to electronic cigarettes, saying they are the best hope in generations for people addicted to tobacco cigarettes to quit. Turkish police used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse people protesting a call for the country to adopt a religious constitution, chanting Turkey will remain secular! India activates eight laser walls along border with Pakistan Myanmar has banned lucrative logging operations as the newlyelected government of democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi steps up a battle on deforestation, an environment official said on Thursday. Philippine presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte vows to pardon himself for murder Syrian army seizes Israelimade weapons on their way to ISIS Colgate and Unilever operating detergent cartel in Australia to extort profits from consumers VW and Shell try to block EU push for electric cars Teens who bombed Sikh temple in Germany were ISIS sympathisers Helicopter firms are carrying out unauthorised sightseeing flights over the upper reaches of Mount Everest, Nepalese officials say. Sherpas have expressed concerns that vibrations caused by the helicopters could trigger avalanches. Green Beret who beat Afghan official over alleged child assault to stay in Army More than half a tonne of ancient Roman coins unearthed by Spanish construction workers Norway moves to bar entry to 'hate preachers' SpaceX breaks BoeingLockheed monopoly on military space launches Woolly Wolf Spotted in Nepal Is Likely a New Species  By analyzing the animal's poop, scientists provide more evidence it's not a subspecies of the gray wolf. About 16 U.S. military personnel, including one general officer, have been disciplined for mistakes that led to the bombing of a civilian hospital in Afghanistan last year that killed 42 people South American Catholic country, Colombia, legalises samesex marriage Australia's PM says We can't afford to let the empathy that we feel for the desperate circumstances that many people find themselves in to cloud our judgment as an Iranian Asylum Seeker burns himself to death in an Australian detention Centre on Nauru Turkish embassy wants Swedish channel to withdraw film on Assyrian & Armenian genocide Mosques in Germany should be placed under state supervision, according to a leading parliamentarian Geoblocking Consumers not breaching copyright by circumventing with VPN, says Govt agency Belgian police knew since 2014 that Abdeslam brothers planned irreversible act Damning report into Belgian response to Paris attacks shows sloppiness and lack of resources Helicopter carrying at least 13 people crashes near Bergen in Norway SpaceX founder Elon Musk announces company plans to send capsule to Mars in 2018 US aircraft carrier denied entry to Hong Kong, American consulate official says  by China Up in smoke Kenya to torch millions of dollars worth of ivory; 105 tons of elephant ivory, 1.35 tons of rhino horn, exotic animal skins and other products such as sandalwood and medicinal bark Chinese Investors Reeling After Wealth Management Firm's Collapse Two journalists in Turkey have been sentenced to two years in jail for insulting religious values after they reprinted a controversial cover from the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo above their columns. Saudi Arabia 'not ready' to let women drive because of culture, not religion  prince British Labour member suspended for saying Hitler supported Zionism Peruvian Farmer Wins Monumental Battle Against U.S. Mining Giant Tony Blair courted Chinese leaders for Saudi prince's oil firm Body of Russian soldier who called in an airstrike on himself after being surrounded by IS fighters has been recovered. He was posthumously awarded the Hero of Russia medal. Exxon sees smallest profit in 16 years, Chevron posts loss A Hindu tailor has been hacked to death in a district of central Bangladesh | Police said Nikhil Joarder had been arrested in 2012 for allegedly making derogatory comments about Islam, then released. Illegal Muslim prayer hall blown up in Russia after police find explosives inside Pirate Bay hit by malvertising attack, drops Cerber ransomware Hundreds of protesters storm Baghdad's Green Zone, enter parliament Airbnb drops almost half of Berlin listings as city cracks down on shortterm rentals imposing a fine of 100,000 on property owners who rent vacation homes without a permit Fracking in the US causing global surge in dangerous gas, study finds Ken Livingstone stands by Hitler comments saying he was not sorry for telling the truth, amid antiSemitism row Malawi's estimated 10,000 albinos face extinction if they continue to be murdered for their body parts for use in witchcraft, a UN expert has warned. A suicide bomber driving a car has killed at least 19 people and wounded 48 others 30 in an attack claimed by ISIL on a group of Shi'ite Muslim pilgrims in a southeastern suburb of Baghdad The Egyptian government has launched a smearing campaign against the Muslim Brotherhood, describing them as aids and calling for Egyptians to boycott them. ISIS begs for foreign donations as its oil sales plummet German police arrest 400 protesters outside farright party meeting | Riot police use pepper spray to disperse activists blocking entrance to Alternative fr Deutschland conference in Stuttgart Russia defends intercept of U.S. reconnaissance plane over Baltic Russians arrel roll' over another U.S. Air Force plane Debt Collectors Adopt Mob Tactics as Russians Struggle to Pay Bills (including sexual assault) Price Of Using Mobiles In EU 'Drops 75%' Today India has declined to issue visas to two Chinese activists hoping to attend a conference on promoting democracy, days after it revoked a visa for an exiled ethnic Uighur leader who China says backs militant violence. Botswana could be malaria free by 2020 WHO estimates. Statistics show that Botswana has over the past 14 years reduced the incidence of malaria from 42 cases to 0.23 cases per 1,000 of the population. Kim Jongun Brings Back Pleasure Squads Of Teenage Girls To Serve Him 24 killed, 38 wounded in Baghdad carbombing Obama US 'setting up a shield' to block North Korean missiles Daytime cooking ban in India as heatwave claims 300 lives | Authorities try to prevent accidental fires amid scorching temperatures that have destroyed crops and killed livestock ObamaNetanyahu rift impedes U.S. offer of record $40 billion aid deal for Israel American officials have balked as their Israeli counterparts insisted on more generous terms for a new 10year military aid package Iran's new parliament has more women than clerics Report Germany considering stopping 'unconditional support' of Israel Colombia legalizes samesex marriage. A virulent strain of herpes virus will be released into MurrayDarling river system in bid to eradicate European carp, in what Science Minister Christopher Pyne has dubbed a carpaggedon. Australian Government estimates the $15m project will kill 95% of carp in river system over next 30 years. Munich Oktoberfest to get firstever entrance checks  Revellers hoping to join in the carousing at Munich Oktoberfest will have to pass through a security check before entering the festival grounds this year, Munich authorities have said. US military finds itself not guilty of war crimes in Afghan hospital bombing German right wing party(Alternative fr Deutschland, AFD) calls for ban on minarets and the burqa Spanish Ditch Diggers Unearth 1,300 Pounds of Roman Coins  Workers find hoard of 19 amphora with mintcondition coins from the 3rd & 4th centuries. Find is remarkable, not only in size, but because it appears uncirculated, making them some of bestpreserved coins ever discovered. 72yearold man pulled from rubble 2 weeks after Ecuador earthquake Cambodia's prime minister has ordered a million hectares of forest be included in protected zones as the country faces one of the world's fastest deforestation rates. The move will bump Cambodia's conservation zones up by a fifth, bringing more than a quarter of the country's land under protection. Vietnam Dead Fish Crisis Critics Blast Taiwanese Corporation Formosa Plastics As Environmental Disaster Devastates Region Royal Cambodian Turtle Population Plummets 95%; Just 10 Left in the Wild  Attempts to save this revered species in the rivers of Cambodia appear to have failed Farmers nationwide have threatened to organise protests against the government if it decides Thailand should take part in the TransPacific Partnership (TPP) agreement. UK Hospitals Are Feeding 1.6 Million Patients Health Records to Googles AI Kenya Burns Elephant Ivory Worth $105 Million to Defy Poachers Thousands of Brits who refused to do unpaid work in return for Jobseeker's Allowance may be due compensation after the Government lost a legal battle. State of emergency declared in Baghdad Crisishit Venezuela pushes clocks forward to save power Nissan recalls 4 million cars over seat belt and airbag safety fears Colombia's illegal mining linked to malaria outbreak Video appears to show the moment a Syrian hospital was destroyed by an airstrike Saudi builder Binladin terminates 50,000 jobs newspaper Rescued circus lions flown from Peru to South African refuge Google AI gains access to 1.2m confidential NHS patient records Ecuador earthquake Rescuers pull 72yo survivor from rubble two weeks after disaster Puerto Rico says it will default on Monday Bitcoin's elusive founder reveals himself as computer scientist Craig Wrightand publishes info needed to verify claim Leaked papers allege US intimidating EU over TTIP free trade deal German media say secret documents reveal the US is pressuring the EU to approve a transatlantic free trade deal. The reports say Washington may block easier car exports if the EU doesn't open up its agricultural market Leaked TTIP documents cast doubt on EUUS trade deal Berlin Brandenburg airport corruption 'whistleblower poisoned' Looting On the Rise As Venezuela Runs Out of Food, Electricity Food Producers Alert They Have Only 15 Days Left of Inventory amid Rampant Inflation Health experts believe Australia is on the brink of virtually eradicating cervical cancer because of vaccine and testing breakthroughs Overfishing puts $42bn tuna industry at risk of collapse Former Catholic priest John Farrell sentenced to minimum 18 years for sexually assaulting 12 children Some 30,000 people took part in a yearly May Day rally in Tokyos central Yoyogi park, protesting against the controversial TPP trade deal among other issues, national work unions federation Zenroren said in a statement on Sunday. Puerto Ricans leaving island for U.S. in record numbers Pakistan Blasphemy case registered against six for desecrating Sikh man's turban Deadly heat wave is shattering alltime records in Southeast Asia and India. The temperature in Sukhothai, Thailand spiked to 44.3 degrees Celsius, or 111.7 degrees Celsius Buses set on fire after Saudi Binladin Group 'lays off 50,000 foreign workers' UAE to build artificial mountain to improve rainfall Massive oil theft by pirates costs Nigeria $1.5 billion every month Israels controversial roof knocking tactic appears in Iraq. And this time, its the U.S. doing it. Tips should go to workers, not employers, says government report | Charges on gratuities in restaurants, hotels and bars should be scrapped or limited, according to a review of tipping practices 44 claimed dead, maybe more. Others missing, injured, and feared to be captured, after suicide bombers attack soldiers in Somalia. British firm's Korean unit apologises over poison deaths Most of the victims were found to have used Oxy Ssak Ssak, a liquid humidifier disinfectant sold by Reckitt Benckiser in South Korea from 2001, that has been blamed for around 103 deaths  mostly women and children Greenpeace publishes leaked TTIP documents #TTIPLeaks The mosquitoborne Zika virus may be even more dangerous than previously thought, scientists in Brazil say. China Is Reportedly Training a 'Maritime Militia' to Patrol the Disputed South China Sea No TTIP if agriculture is threatened France Turkish artillery, US drones kill 34 ISIS militants in northern Syria France will press its G7 partners this month to launch an irreversible process to control the prices of new medicines, part of a global drive to make lifesaving drugs more affordable Iceland president's wife linked to offshore tax havens in leaked files | News The United States has told Pakistan it will have to finance the purchase of U.S. F16 fighter jets itself after members of the U.S. Congress objected to the use of government funds to pay for them Nine years of censorship  Canadian scientists are now allowed to speak out about their work  & the govt policy that restricted communications. It's not a crime if hungry poor steal food, Italy says The Super Rich Were the First to Bail During the Financial Crisis  Bloomberg Three Earthlike planets discovered orbiting dwarf star Turkish journalists accuse Erdoan of media witchhunt Berta Cceres murder 4 men arrested for Honduran activist's death  2 are linked to company building hydroelectric dam which Cceres was fighting. Cceres, who last yr won the Goldman environmental prize for her work opposing the Agua Zarca dam, was shot dead at her home 2 months ago. Mass brawl erupts in Turkish parliament over constitutional amendment French journalist infiltrates jihadist cell for six months Kenyan President personally sets fire to huge ivory stockpile to show countries commitment to combating poachers. EU may fine countries for rejecting refugees India's hottest town reaches 48.5 C (120 F) in a heat wave. Zika Virus Birth Defects May Be 'Tip of the Iceberg', Experts Say EU to grant Turkey visafree travel Climate to inspire exodus from Middle East, North Africa in coming decades.Temperature and sea level aren't the only things expected to rise as a result of climate change. As heat becomes more extreme in some parts of the world, scientists expect a significant rise in the number of climate refugees. A Copenhagen art exhibit planning to portray two of the Brussels suicide bombers and one of the Paris Bataclan attackers as martyrs has been reported to police for encouraging terrorism. An investigative economist has crunched 45 years of official statistics to discover just how much kleptocrats have plundered from 150 mostly poor nations. Cheering Cubans greet first cruise ship from US in decades Monsanto Set To Fight Argentina Over Royalties Owed By Farmers New Zealander William Trubridge breaks the world record for deepest freedive at 122 metres Hamas says its ties with UK Labor's Corbyn 'painful hit for the Zionists' Hamas praise of Corbyn coincides with a media firestorm in the United Kingdom surrounding recent revelations of extremist antiIsrael and antiJewish expressions by Labor members Labour suspends three councillors over Israel comments Brazil judge orders WhatsApp blocked, affecting 100 million users