 CIA recorded Pakistani intelligence officers helping to plan the bombing of the Indian embassy in Kabul (54 dead).' Today's Honour Killing  Man kills slutty sister in Jordan, may face 6 months in Jail.  Examination reveals she was  a virgin. India Vindicated by CIA Pakistan Charge' WTF Russia?!  'If we had no sexual harassment we would have no children,' the judge ruled.' Persian (Farsi) is waaaay easier than languages like Arabic. Consider learning it instead if interested in working in Middle East intelligence gathering / foreign affairs' Israeli Military Shoots 10 Year Old in the Head (includes graphic image)' There are 1.7 million rapes a year in South Africa. 75% are gang rapes.' China drops heavy Internet censorship  at least for now' Man Who Assisted in Burning Girlfriend's ExLover Wins Appeal A dozen academic instutions from around the world are now working frantically to save and evaluate the crumbling documents in Timbuktu' A Guide to the Shadowy Organizations That Rule the World' Afghanistan Not a Good War' Chinese woman jailed 18 months in US espionage case' CIA fucks India with Pakistan's dick and blames Taliban British girl's Brazilian lover murdered her, went to a party afterwards, then took pictures as he decapitated her and chopped up her body Friends identify man stabbed, beheaded on Greyhound bus' 9,000 Couples to Marry on Lucky 8/8/08'  Mofaz says Iran heading toward nuclear breakthrough' Beijing Olympic Organizing Committee Bans Professional Camera Equipment For NonPress Visitors' Explosion at Turkish School Dormitory Kills 17 Girls' Since Sunday, more than 40 illegal immigrants from countries like Morocco, Algeria, Rwanda and the Congo have been climbing cranes around the city' World's heaviest man goes on diet Pakistanis Aided Attack in Kabul, U.S. Officials Say' Reports on the finer points of a rectal examination.. make other sex scandals that once shocked people here  such as Monica Lewinsky and her blue dress  seem almost Victorian.' Pakistan denies spies behind Indian embassy attack ' Covert CIA Detention Center on British Soil Revealed' U.S. Protects War Criminals Karadzic was protected by the United States until a CIA phone bug caught him breaking the terms of his 'deal.' Muslims can't say it, but it's clear they don't accept us. Here no one can speak the truth on this issue, so everybody's feelings are kept inside.' Is it just me, or do the olympics just not matter to anyone anymore?' French gays are worried about a newly created French intelligence database (EDVIGE) that will contain personal details on lawabiding citizens, including sexual orientation and HIV status.' The Struggle Against Jerusalem's Quiet Ethnic Cleansing Deported Palestinian refugee shot dead in Gaza.  He claimed asylum with a bullet wound, and warned he would be killed if he returned.' The Israelis 'congratulate' a Palestinian journalist on his winning of the Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism. Why 'cotton wool' children face risk of mental problems  More than 10,000 detainees released in Iraq' Candidate who wants Olmert's job once 'sought deaths of 70 Palestinians a day' AlZawahiri, Al Qaeda no. 2, possibly dead' Why Pakistan is unlikely to crack down on Islamic militants' Israel and Middle East approaches a stark existential choice a nuclear holocaust or a nuclearfree Middle East' Mugabe's Storm Troopers Walk The Streets In Fear 'Rat people' forced to beg on Pakistan's streets [pics] Karzai says terrorism gaining deep roots in Pakistan' Thailand's Ousted Prime Minister's Wife, Sentenced to 3 Years' Jail By Its Supreme Court. ISRAEL will almost surely attack Irans nuclear sites in the next four to seven months' U.S. submarine radiation leak raises concern in Japan' New 3.2Gbps FireWire spec approved, not as fast as USB 3.0' Hawaii man accused of helping China design missile ' CBS alZawahiri might be dying' Antisemitism' Israel Power struggle leads to Netanyahu, hard man in a tough neighbourhood' Five days to go and Beijing skies FINALLY clear as China rehearses the world's most spectacular fireworks display Calls in Yemen to end child marriage. Welcome to 21st century' An unknown gunman has assassinated the Syrian president's security advisor Saudi vice squad member accused of having six wives, two more than the maximum allowed' Leaky toilet exposes corrupt China official' Iraq arms sales request worth over nine billion dollars Pentagon' Syrian President Bashar Assad's top aide and adviser, General Mohammed Suleiman, was assassinated on Friday by a sniper.  Hundreds Of Thousands Are Fleeing London' when people are chewing qat, they don't ask awkward questions about where Yemen's oil revenues are going. ' Pakistan admits its spy agency is helping the Taliban and there were probably Taliban sympathisers within the ranks of its powerful intelligence establishment.' Finland considers legalizing male circumcision' Terrorists responsible for the bombing in Istanbul arrested' A member of the Saudi religious police has been accused of having six wives at the same time  two more than allowed under religious laws' United in the name of tolerance' Harvesting body parts in Tanzania Sexual organs of male and female albinos are particularly sought ' The Electronic Frontier Foundations releases Switzerland a tool to detect violations of Net Neutrality' Nine killed, 90 wounded in HamasFatah clashes in Gaza'  Texas set to defy World Court with execution' Dear World, Please Confront America' Maverick oil analyst Ed Morse predicts oil prices will keep tumbling, and would not be surprised if prices dip below $100 in Nov' Hamas and Fatah Clash Escaletes Palestinian Conflict in Gaza Strip 9 dead and dozens of Fatah man that escaped to Israel were returned and arrested by Hamas' 68 dead in temple stampede in north India' Iran Rejects Deadline Over Nuclear Proposal' Bush's War On Terror Doesn't Include... Certain Terrorists France's Wine Terrorists Italian mayor bans gatherings of three or more people as soldiers hit streets ' Man Decapitates Girlfriend And Walks Around Streets With Head' Ukrainian girls protest against a spree of sex tourism in Ukraine. Eager to draw public attention they choose sexy clothes and performed scenes depicting prostitutes abused by lecherous Casanovas ' US$ 50 mil scam www.beijingtickets2008.com and www .beijingticketing.com, websites linked to a fraud' War Criminal Karadzic 'lived under protectionof CIA agents until he broke deal' Iran claims testing of new weapon, warns of closing the Strait of Hormuz ' Israel's secret police are pressuring Palestinians in Gaza to spy on their community in exchange for urgent medical treatment Bomb Hidden in Trash Pile Kills 20 Somalis, at least 47 wounded' Nobel prize winner Alexander Solzhenitsyn dies aged 89' Sick Palestinians told that they need to become informers for Israel if they want access to medical treatment.' Iran threatens to shut Gulf shipping lanes' Nazi bunkers hidden for 50 years revealed by storm' Iran's president says he is open to nuclear talks  one day after he said he would not retreat one iota on the issue.' Mexico's Drug Cartels Take Barbarous Turn Targeting Bystanders Knights Templar to Vatican Give us back our assets' Israeli deputy Prime Minister Iran Wants to 'Holocaust' us AGAIN !! CIA veteran rips Agency, tests limits of right to publish without permission' Attack in China Kills 16 Border Patrol Officers' Phone records reveal network of unholy alliances' Looks like decapitation is all the rage these days... [WTF]' They are Arabs, they must die  Israeli' Housing Defaults Trend [PIC]' Saudi Shariah court judge arrested in Dubai for possessing hashish' Smog obscures Beijing's Olympic 2008 stadium Clan warfare in Gaza' Shunned Starbucks in Aussie exit' We must do something. This is something. Therefore, we must do it....Yet another subtle step towards dictatorship.' One in four Italian couples indulge in wife swapping' Journalists eaten for reporting China police attack' Argentine president calls for decriminalization of personal drug use' France accused in Rwanda genocide ' Iran threatens to close Persian Gulf to oil tankers ' Japanese municipal workers killed by a tide of shit' Iraqi government expected to have $79 billion surplus.' Alaska's Waters Quietly Reopen To Drilling Malnutrition getting worse in India' France played an active role in the 1994 Rwanda genocide, a report unveiled Tuesday by the Rwandan government said, naming French political and military officials it says should be prosecuted.' Karadzic 'was under US protection until 2000'  Silvio Berlusconi covers up 'distractingreasts in painting   Iran hands over letter to big powers.  European diplomat said the contents of the letter were laughable' Should We Send More Troops to Afghanistan? 8 Things To Consider' Law Professor Counter Terrorism Czar Told Me There Is Going To Be An i9/11 And An iPatriot Act' In Zimbabwe, Low Cost Technology Saves Poor Farmers' France took part in genocide Rwandan report  Breaking News' Journalist hanged in eastern Iran' Sex for food Rising food prices around the world are likely to drive poor women to trade sex for basic goods like fish and cooking oil, raising the risk of new AIDS infections.' Germany hails ulletproof bra'  Iran to Respond to Offer of Incentives for Suspending Program' Knights Templar to Vatican Give us back our 100bn' Iraqis Want an End to the Occupation' Masked US cyclists apologize to Olympic organizers. Health be damned! We wouldn't want to offend the delicate sensibilities of the caring and compassionate Chinese government. Brazil On The Brink Of Civil War as rice farmers try to steal Indian reservation. Sad. Happening again. Kill the Indians. Steal their land. Give it to farmers who cut down all the trees. ' Texas Defies World Court, Executes Mexican Rapist' Penguins Dying in Record Numbers, Washing Up Closer to Equator' Protesters Detained for 'Free Tibet' Banner at Olympic Site (with pic) Bush says North Korea still axis of evil member' Bombshell report accuses French government of planning and helping to initiate the Tutsi genocide' UFO sightings  Its time for an official inquiry  Bedford Today' Malaysia, Indonesia Will Pump Out 40% More Palm Oil Biodiesel' The Lies of Hiroshima Live On, Props in the War Crimes of the 20th Century' Beijing Olympics Stadium Being Monitored for Structural Health' Italian government imposes national state of emergency' The highprofile arrest of Aafia Siddiqui, a Pakistani woman suspected of Al Qaeda links, brings attention to the 'disappeared' issue in Pakistan  Los Angeles Times Every Taxi in Beijing Bugged With GPSTagging Microphone For Instant Surveillance' Iran to scrap death by stoning ' Mauritanian army overthrows democratically elected government in coup d'etat A relative of Hitler is now Jewish and living in Israel. So is the son of a WaffenSS man. Tanya Gold talks to the descendants of Nazis who have embraced Judaism' They hunt cats in Switzerland' Rappeller hurt in plunge at preOlympics protest in S.F.  Demonstrators claim rope was cut.' Rep. Mark Kirk condemns persecution of Baha'is in Iran on House floor (H.Res. 1008) Coffee  Does Fair Trade Really Mean You're Trading Fairly? Honoring Staff Sgt. Matthew Bumpus, U.S. Army who recently died from Iraq Radiation Exposure' Sudanese refugee chosen as USA flagbearer at 2008 Olympics' Broad backing for Denmark in EU immigration tiff' Egyptian border patrol in open hunt for African refugees' Ridiculous U.S. Olympic Cyclists had to apologize for wearing smog masks' Secret EU security draft calls for Europewide police access to personal info, video and unmanned aerial surveillance drones, giving all data to US government' A quickthinking air traffic controller's texting saved an aircraft with five people on board which had lost all it's communications and electrical power Over 200 Israelis assaulted Palestinian and International worshippers who were holding a Christian prayer service at the site where a Palestinian Childrens Hospital will be built.' Russia and Georgia on Brink of War' Overweight children in Britain should not be labelled 'obeseecause it's offensive, UK says. Skull of a European woman, who died 260 years ago, found in New Zealand, raising serious concerns about the fact that Captain James Cook was NOT the first European to step on the shores of the island.' Your Tax Dollars At Play Drug Bust Snags 56 Gov't Employees, Including Police And it starts Britons held in Beijing for protests over Tibet' Intense fighting in Georgia as South Ossetian cease fire collapses' Who killed the spirit of the Olympics? [Pic]' OxyContin bust nets 56 MiamiDade government employees' Israeli human rights groups slam IDF over minor charge of inappropriate behavior for shooting of bound Palestinian' Italian government imposes national state of emergency Maronis real plan is to incarcerate the largest possible number of refugees in the shortest period of time' Australian State legalises Industrial Hemp' Researchers at Durham University have drawn up the first ever 'Arctic Map' to show the disputed territories that states might lay claim to in the future. Censorship here is pervasive. It blankets all modes of public communication. Newspapers receive daily bulletins on what is not to be covered; TV is the mouth of the state.' Story of Dr Rene Haller Swiss Who Turned an African Wasteland into a Green Paradise' Olympic relay reaches Great Wall'  Pakistan rulers agree to begin Musharraf impeachment' Pininfarina, Italian Car Designer, Dies in Turin Accident Today  ' Venezuelas Chavez Pushes for New World Financial System in Argentina' Stalinism Was Just as Bad as Nazism' AntiWar Website Operator Threatened By Armed Thugs' Police fear Maddie 'stolen to order' Georgia 'downs two Russian warplanes' as countries move to brink of war BREAKING Musharraf to be impeached.' Russia Today Columns of troops roll into South Ossetia; footage from fighting (YouTube)' Russian tanks are moving towards the capital of South Ossetia, which has reportedly been completely destroyed by Georgian artillery fire' Afghan children raped with 'impunity,' U.N. official says  this is sick, a three year old was raped and they do nothing 150 Russian tanks have entered South Ossetia whilst Georgia shoots down two Russian jets.' Breaking Georgia invades South Ossetia, Russia warned it would intervene on SO's side The 'enemy combatent' trials are nothing but a sham Salim Haman has been sentenced to 5 1/2 years, but will be kept longer anyway just because they feel like it. Georgian troops retreat from S. Osettain capital, presumably leaving several hundred people killed. [VIDEO]' Did the U.S. Prep Georgia for War with Russia?' Rice Gives Green Light for Israel to Attack Iran Says U.S. has no veto over Israeli military ops' AnnouncingClass Action Lawsuit on Behalf of American Public Against the FBI' SoRussia and Georgia are at war and the NYT's top story is opening ceremonies of the Olympics?  What a fucking disgrace and yet further proof of the decline of journalism. China tells Bush to stay out of other countries' affairs Did World War III start today?' Georgia Invades South Ossetia  if Russia gets involved, will NATO absorb Georgia and unleash a full scale war?' AlQaeda Faces Islamist Backlash' Condoleezza Rice The US would not act to prevent an Israeli strike on Iran. Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak Israel is prepared for uncompromising victory in the case of military hostilities.' This is a busy day  The European Union has approved new sanctions against Iran in protest at its nuclear programme.' Georgia will withdraw 1,000 soldiers from Iraq to help fight off Russian forces in Georgia's breakaway region of South Ossetia Why the Pentagon Thinks Attacking Iran is a Bad Idea  US News & World Report' Caucasus in crisis Georgia invades South Ossetia' Indian shoe manufactory   And again in a series of you do not like your work?' Visitors Suffering from Mental Illnesses Banned from Olympics' No Help for Mexico's Kidnapping Surge American Killed By Chinese Man at The Olympics' Russia v. Georgia The Oil & Gas Implications  Georgia just so happens to be channeling 1m barrels/day of Caspian oil for the West through its territory'  Did Invisible Hands Turn Beijings Staging Upside Down?' Russian FM NATO encouraged Georgia  it is necessary to pay attention to massive arms purchasing by Georgia ... special troops who had been trained by foreign specialists are used ' Everyone is hiding in basements. No one is taking care of the bodies. There are snipers everywhere.' 38 dead after being bitten by vampire bats' Georgia's oil pipeline is key to U.S. support Mark Almond It's simplistic to cast Russia as sole villain in South Ossetia clashes Georgia declares state of war with Russia. ' Activist tries to show Tibetan flag at Olympic venue' August 1, 2008 International LargeScale Military Exercise Immediate Response 2008  American soldiers are very proud to serve alongside Georgian soldiers.' German minister says Georgia breaking international law' Georgia to remove all troops in Iraq to fight in breakaway South Ossetia' German woman spends decade in Palma's airport  BBC Iraqi Militias to Disarm If US Sets Withdraw Timetable' Israeli and Palestinian Trade Unions Reach Historic Agreement'  Georgia parliament approves a state of war' 1,500 dead as Russian troops raid Georgian town' Bagpipes in Beijing The amazed amateur Scottish band asked to play at Olympics ceremony' Olympic Message to Some in Beijing Is Please Leave' Freak Czech Train Crash Kills Seven After Hitting Collapsed Bridge' Protests occur worldwide as Beijing Olympics begin [pics]' Georgia & Russia  Lessons of the Ossetian War Dont Bait the Bear and Stop Making a Fetish Out of Borders' Russia behind Georgia cyberwar?' The US military has had a longstanding program to train Georgian troops for deployments in Iraq, where there are currently about 2,000 troops ...' Spanish shopkeeper finds Homer Simpson euro ' Explosions rock western China' Women in Egypt beginning to feel conflicted regarding Female Circumcision. I hear that girls suffer but I don't want my daughters to have uncontrollable demands for sex' Staged propoganda photos of the Russia/Georgia conflict, courtesy of Reuters' Denmark's Energy Independence  This is How It's Done! Japan gets serious about immigration' As many as 2,000 people may have been killed and 30,000 made homeless as the chaotic conflict between Georgian and Russian forces in the proMoscow enclave of South Ossetia' Breastfeeding mums fill Vancouver H&M store. Protesters say breastfeeding deserves more respect as a human right.' South Ossetia conflict  probably the confrontation between..., Moscow and the entire West...  highly enlightening article on conflict' (PICS) Unrest in Georgia' While reddit was distracted by the Olympics, the Georgian Russian war, Bernie Mac, and the resurgance of the US dollar, the world DID NOT end thanks to the Large Haddron Collider' Iranian Olympic swimmer refuses to race against Israeli swimmer.  There's no place for this kind of behavior in the Olympic movement and it's a shame it continues. ' Massive fire at Toronto propane depot forces thousands to flee.' Russian Troops are Advancing towards Gori, invading Georgia proper.' If Georgia falls, Europe's hopes of energy independence from Russia fall too. Though he is Muslim, Ahmed said he saw no difficulty working in a kosher meatpacking plant where most of his bosses are rabbis.' Russia 'prepares to invade Georgia' Iraq demands very clear U.S. troop timeline' Tring to make some sense of the Georgia Russian war'  Iraq demands very clear U.S. troop timeline' Watch live TV covering the Russia/Georgia war.' The truth about South Ossetia War, Georgia attack, and Russia's response Two journalists die in S. Ossetia.' Russia, Georgia, and the Western Alliance' US has invested huge sums and organized to put its own despot, Mikhail Saakashvili, in the presidency in order to close a nuclear NATO iron ring around Russia' Why wont America and Nato help us? If they wont help us now, why did we help them in Iraq?' Bush puts foot down on Georgian conflict' Jewish Georgian minister Thanks to Israeli training, we're fending off Russia  Georgian army flees in disarray as Russians advance  Gori abandoned to Russia without a shot fired' Olympic opening ceremony fireworks 'faked' What were the Mossad with fraudulent New Zealand Passports doing in Iraq?' Russia angered by Israeli military sale to Georgia' An American citizen living in S.Ossetia blames U.S. and Georgian leaders for the genocide of innocent people' Welcome To World War IV! Now In High Definition!' Georgia's move, a mistake of monumental proportions  Russia presses deeper into Georgia; U.S. says regime change is goal' Abhinav Bindra wins first ever Individual Olympic Gold Medal for India'  U.S. ship heads for Arctic to define territory' Drivers in a Jerusalem taxi station threaten to quit rather than work for their new boss  an Ara The French Team is Stunned by Phelps and the 4x100m Relay Team' Israel and the US behind the Georgian aggression?' Do not believe TV, neither Russian nor Georgian. There are much more victims' Riots are still going on in Montreal (Canada) because police murdered a boy on Saturday.' China to overtake US as largest manufacturer' War in South Ossetia [PICS]' Israeli Physicians Group Condemns State Torture'  Russia has just beaten the United States over the head with Peak Oil' Perhaps *the* question about the Georgia  Russia conflict ' Russia is so much better at war' So this is what it's come to trading sex for food. Remember that adorable 9yearold who sang at the opening ceremonies? That was fake, too.' Russia 'ends Georgia operation' If we had no sexual harassment we would have no children...' AlQa'eda is losing support in Iraq because of a brutal crackdown on activities it regards as unIslamic  including women buying cucumbers Ceasefire in Georgia Putin Outmaneuvers the West' Why Microsoft and Intel tried to kill the XO $100 laptop' Stratfor The RussoGeorgian War and the Balance of Power   ' I'm Trying to Get a Sense of This Whole GeorgiaRussia War Vote Up If You Think Georgia Started It, Or Down If you Think Russia Did The US military was surprised by the timing and swiftness of the Russian military's move into South Ossetia and is still trying to sort out what happened, a US defense official said Monday U.S. Beats War Drum as Iran Dumps the Dollar' Gorbachev Georgian military attacked the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali with multiple rocket launchers designed to devastate large areas' CNN use footage of Tskhinvali ruins to cover Georgian report [VIDEO]' Beginning a war as the Olympics were opening violates the ancient tradition of a truce to conflict during the Games.  The IOC could respond by taking the 2014 games away from Russia.' 55 pyramids as large as the Luxor stacked into a megacity pyramid in Tokyo Bay' The 11 Top Party Cities in the World' U.S. troops still in Georgia (did you know they were in Georgia in the first place?)' Why Russias response to Georgia was right' Gorbachev accuses U.S. of making a serious blunder in pursuing its interest in the Caucasus region' Russia, Georgia, and NATO Cold War Two' Remember that adorable 62yearold who led your country into war based on evidence? That was fake, too.' War in Georgia The Israeli connection' All signs point to the US encouraging Georgia to invade South Ossetia. Goddamnit Bush.' Christopher King argues that the US and NATO are behind the Georgian invasion of South Ossetia but have misjudged Russian resolve. ' America The New Mexico?' BBC NEWS | AsiaPacific | Extinction y man not climate'  U.S. refuses Israel weapons to attack Iran report' When the president ordered to attack Tskhinvali [the capital of South Ossetia], we knew then we were doomed. How come he didn't realize that?  Israel clears troops who killed Reuters cameraman' Britain's policy of being tough on drugs is pointless, says a former civil servant who once ran the Cabinet's antidrugs unit.' Body of 14 year old found in trunk; Latest (ransom paid) kidnapping victim in Mexico. Head cop quits, Prez dissolves suspect elite task force' China has moved 10 *million* quake survivors into prefab homes' Bush announces Operation Get All Up In Russia's Grill. Yeah, this will end well. Russian forces sink Georgian ships ' The commander of a Navy air reconnaissance squadron that provides the President and the defense secretary the airborne ability to command the nation's nuclear weapons has been relieved of duty 92% of CNN readers Russia's actions in Georgia  justified! USA to send fleet into Black Sea to help Georgia, send troops in humanitarian aid exercise' US warns against Israeli plan to strike against Iran's nuclear facilities In an intriguing cyberalliance, two Estonian computer experts are heading to Georgia to keep the country's networks running amid an intense military confrontation with Russia The CNN Effect Georgia Schools Russia in Information Warfare' Why Russias response to Georgia was right' Elephants extinct by 2020?' US humanitarian missions soon in Georgia  if Russia hits the US  WWIII?' Georgia's DDOS came from US sources Russian convoy heads into Georgia, violating truce' Israeli defence minister US against strike on Iran' Gorbachev We Had No Choice' Witness Russian forces head towards Tbilisi in breach of ceasefire agreement'  Quarter of Russians blame U.S. for conflict poll' Georgian president  says US military will take control of seaports and airports  Pentagon denies' 2006 Nobel laureate Aleksander Solzhenitsyn accuses U.S., NATO of encircling Russia' All the experts admit that we should legalise drugs ' War in South Osetia  89 pictures made by a Russian soldier.' Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian throws away medal in Olympic hissy fit ' Russia exaggerated the death toll in South Ossetia. Now only 44 were originally killed compared to 2,000.' Missile That Killed 9 Inside Pakistan May Have Been Launched by the CIA' Rushdie Condemns Random House's Refusal to Publish Novel for Fear of Muslim Retaliation Poland and US agree to missle defense deal. Interesting timing!' Will the Russians conquer Tblisi? Bet on it, no seriously you can BET on it' Russia exaggerating South Ossetian death toll, says human rights group'  Musharraf expected to resign rather than face impeachment' Moscow Made Plans Months Ago to Invade Georgia' Why Russias response to Georgia was right' Nigeria has handed over the potentially oilrich Bakassi peninsula to Cameroon.' The US and Poland have agreed a preliminary deal on plans for the controversial US defence shield' Russia apparently is sabotaging infrastructure to cripple the already battered Georgian military.' Bank analyst forecast Georgian crisis 2 days early' Georgia confict could set back Russia's US relations 'for years' | World news | guardian.co.uk War in the Caucasus is as much the product of an American imperial drive as local conflicts.' Nonmedia photos of South Ossetia/Georgia conflict.' Georgian TV reporter shot by Russian sniper during live broadcast [video]' Saudi Arabia Mother moves to block child marriage' Taliban wages war on humanitarian aid workers' Russia World  can forget about Georgia's territorial integrity' Darfur rebels accuse Sudan of mounting major attack' Philippines  Peace Advocate say Muslims need assurance Christians not out to convert them' Mom of missing gay man Too bad he's not a 21yearold cheerleader, then they'd still be looking for him Russia U.S. Poland Missile Deal Won't Go 'Unpunished' The government has been accused of creating laws that have a chilling effect on freedom of expression in the UK in a critical report from the UN's committee on human rights The Italian government has lashed out at an influential Catholic magazine which suggested fascism might be resurfacing within the government.' Gorbachev Georgia started conflict in S. Ossetia' China fakes more than your girlfriend; 'Ethnic minority' children at Olympics ceremony were fake too! The UN's criticism of freedom of expression in the UK are valid Russian general threatens nuclear strike on Poland as Bush demands Moscow withdraws from Georgia' Russia can inspect Polish missile defence site' RussiaGeorgia Conflict Fueled by Rush to Control Caspian Energy Resources' Business Week Victory in Georgia gives Russia the edge in the struggle over access to the Caspian's 35 billion barrels of oil and trillions of cubic feet of gas Under Soviet rule we didn't believe a word of our own propaganda... But we have learnt... that the West has its own propaganda and... is more powerful because people believe it. Ministers have been accused of building a national DNA database by stealth by retaining profiles of nearly 40,000 children never convicted of a crime.' Russia Georgia can 'forget' regaining provinces Russians 'Seize US Weapons Depot' in Georgia Why are redditors generally supportive of Russias invasion of Georgia, but critical of Americas in Iraq?' Johann Hari We need to stop being such cowards about Islam' US officials have said that their military presence in Georgia will now become permanent' Israel clears troops who killed Reuters cameraman' Unenforceable laws encourage cops to escalate their tactics  until tragedy occurs' What Chinese pollution really looks like' Hacker Kidnaps and Tortures Informant, Posts Picture as a Warning to Others' Bush Tells Putin This Aggression Will Not Stand' Georgia is all about the oil pipelines' Rivals say they plan to remove Georgian president' Twelve Year Old Girl Shocks Fox News  Says Georgia was the Aggressor, Not Russia' The 12 year old girl who got cut off by Fox News speaks out on the event' UK drugs policy 'has no impact on supply' The War on Terror Brings Mass Surveillance  In Sweden' The Big Question Is the 'war on drugs' really making the problem worse? British government admits national DNA database holds records of 40,000 INNOCENT children ' One group of about two dozen [ethnic Georgians] was escorted through the streets by armed Ossetians and a Russian officer. Labor even turns monkeys into humans, the Russian officer said.' Danish Cartoonist Charged in Jordan 'I Don't Allow Fanatics to Intimidate Me' Is Not Western Hypocrisy Astonishing?  Pat Buchanan on Georgianneocon aggression' US must share power in new world order, says Turkey's controversial president Make sure to ask the right questions to our manipulated media or you'll get cut [VID] Iranian minister's Oxford degree 'a fake' How the US Military use Hollywood to turn out Blockbuster Propaganda [vid]' The Dollar's record comeback last week... Just set another record... whats going on? Salman Rushdie attacks 'censorship by fear' over The Jewel of Medina Gori Russian soldier shoots at Israeli reporter, loots his car' Secret Israeli military material went unguarded in Georgia'  Georgia accuses Russia of blowing up a key railway bridge' The 21 edicts from the Chinese Government's propaganda unit The War We Don't Know Call to replace 'embarrassing' British national anthem before 2012 Olympics NeoNazis march into Germany's property market to buy place in the future Georgians still hoping that U.S. military will arrive' The EU's 170,000strong army of bureaucrats Italy's illegal immigration soars In an evergrowing surveillance society, the average Briton is being recorded 3,000 times a week. ' Sir Ian Blair, Metropolitan Police commissioner, had his rival bugged' Israel approves release of 200 jailed Palestinians (AP)' Georgia Crushed, US Humiliated, NATO and Europe Split It Was a Good Week for McCain' 573,639 The disturbing number of Britons with no criminal record but now registered on Labours DNA database' Georgia, Israel, the CIA, the US and Russia. Its all about the oil. ' Russia may arm Baltic fleet with nuclear warheads' Ukraine offers West radar warning(It's getting kind of 'chilly' around here all of a sudden.) Taliban issues ultimatum to Canada' Ossetians collect evidence of Georgian genocide' Russian forces 'advancing on Tbilisi'  Iranian Olympian forbidden from NBA  ' The links between various arms of the USA establishment and Mr Sarkozy are much closer than imagined. Now the CIA has a puppet in power in France. ' Solar Air Conditioner Production to Ramp Up in China' War between FBI and US drug enforcers left Taliban's leader at large Baby joy for couple whose children were stolen by social workers' Teachers fear hidden CCTV cameras in schools' New Chinese Olympic Fake 'Cardboard Piano' NATO Gives Membership Green Light to Albania and Croatia' Turkish Bloggers collectively fight back against censorship'  Iran says it launched satellite into space' Russia 'distributing passports in the Crimea' Georgia NATO membership yes, Merkel meets Saakashvili, russian troops start withdrawal' If It's War We Want, McCain Will Deliver OPEC official says output cuts may be needed' In an Afghan prison, the majority of female prisoners are serving 20year sentences for being victims of rape ' Little girl, you're not ugly; they are Pakistan's Musharraf to Resign, Leave the Country Tornado throws a bus in Poland, captured by one of the passengers' Britain's terror laws have left me and my family shattered Iran 'fires satellite into space' Rights of NonMuslims restricted by new Maldives constitution' Tour of Tskhinvali undercuts Russian version of fighting' The Great Resource War is already underway, mainly in the Middle East, but also in smaller skirmishes scattered areas around the world, disguised to many as the Global War on Terror. ' Over 190,000 US contractors working in Iraq' Russia moves SS21 missiles into Georgia US defense official' a President says he is resigning to avoid an impeachment battle that would harm the nation's interests' Democratic Georgia shuts down an opposition TV channel owned by Russians' New Cold War is an option  Russian parliamentarian ' Georgian Situation Continues the Quest for The Prize of Oil, Money and Power' MI5 seeks gay spies'  New porn channel lets Canadians strut their stuff' The Dangerous Neighbor Vladimir Putin Takes on a Powerless West' Israel opinion page Russians are saner.' NATO's Hour Georgian President Saakashvili Eats His Tie on Live TV' No Chicken Left Behind Animal RFID Surveillance Arrives in Force' Putin has given us an order that everyone must leave or be shot' National DNA database grows on the genes of the innocent' Mayor Asks Ugly Women To Visit His Town' Man arrested and locked up for five hours after taking photo of police van ignoring 'no entry' sign The US missile defence system is the magic pudding that will never run out' Schrder lambasted for blaming Russian conflict on Georgia' Officials 10 French soldiers killed near Kabul ' These ten laws make China a totalitarian wasteland' Russia seizes US vehicles' Muslims are only 4% of Denmark's 5.4 million people but make up a majority of the country's convicted rapists. Practically all the female victims are nonMuslim. Taliban Forces Kill 10 French Soldiers and Raid U.S. Base' Assaults, kidnappings and killings of humanitarian aid workers have more than doubled in the past five years' South Ossetia Isn't Kosovo Finally, an Olympic image to take your mind off Michael Phelps ... [pic]' New York laser graffiti artist detained indefinitely in Beijing for Tibet Protest art' US left isolated over Nato plans to maintain relations with Russia' Driven Shai Agassi's Audacious Plan to Put Electric Cars on the Road  NATO freezes Russian ties over Georgia' Brazil Will Play Military War Game to Defend Recently Discovered Offshore Oil' 16,000 fine for British woman caught sharing game online' 102yearold grandma is oldest person on Facebook' Today 5 years ago  August 19th 2003. Bombing of the UN headquarters in Iraq' US national Ken Haywood, whose computer was found to send threat emails after serial bomb blasts in India, flees the country.'  Taliban kill 10 French troops near Afghan capital' Not Everybody Loves Offshore Wind Power in Spain' Taliban Forces Kill 10 French Soldiers and Raid U.S. Base ' Pakistan is more democratic than America. ' Blaze engulfs Egyptian parliament' Two elderly Chinese women have been sentenced to a year of reeducation through labor after they sought a permit to demonstrate in an official Olympic protest area.' The Power of Islam The Human Rights Council at the United Nations has now banned any criticism regarding Sharia Law and human rights in the Islamic World' We had 55 times more military soldiers in the first Gulf War than contractors. In the current Iraq war, the ratio's 11. I live here on less than a dollar a month  Obama's brother, Kenya shanty town ' Russia sends aircraft carrier to Syria.' The American people should be eternally grateful to Old Europe for having spiked the BushMcCain plan to bring Georgia into NATO.' Abkhazia officially appeals to Russia for independence' Russia warns of response beyond diplomacy against US missile shield' India Sets Aside 40% of Regional Wasteland for Jatropha Biodiesel Production' Elderly Chinese Women Sentenced to Labor Reeducation After Applying for Permission to Protest at the Olympics' Plane skids off runway in Madrid' Taliban mount ferocious assaults on allied targets' 150 Feared Dead In Spanair Plane Crash In Madrid ' Was Western Intelligence involved in terrorist attacks in India? A westerners computer Internet connection was used to send terror email minutes before Ahmedabad blasts. ' Spanish Freedom of Speech Dies an Ignoble Death so that Spanish Parasites Will Not be Offended. ' Grote Markt [PIC]' Russia has informed Norway that it plans to cut all military ties with NATO' 'What Are the Aims of this War?' French Opposition Demands Rethink of Afghanistan Mission Bush Covered up Musharraf Ties with Al Qaeda' Mikhail Gorbachev Russia Never Wanted a War' Germans urge tougher laws after new privacy scandal ' The Time of the Wimps Dialogue with Russia Is the Only Choice' 1998 Missile Strikes on Bin Laden May Have Backfired' For a moment let's forget everything else and pay homage to these unsung heroes The First Solar Radio Station in Argentina' British resident held in Guantanamo Bay wins legal battle to force Foreign Office to reveal 'torture' evidence Chinese may have killed 140 Tibetans this week Dalai Lama' U.S. Navy Ships Head to Georgia' Hacker uncovers Chinese olympic fraud' If you've ever wondered what Kim Jong Il was like in grade school, here you go. Yes, he was quite ronery. Also, ordered his former teacher's whole family killed. Russia's Nuclear Threat Is More Than Words Czech President I must protest aloud against the incorrect interpretation of the situation in the Caucasus.' 50% Of All Food Produced Is Wasted Before It Gets Used' China sentences Alive in Baghdad blogger, GRL's James Powderly & 4 other citizen journalists to 10 days in jail for covering Tibet protests during the Olympics Go ahead and let Georgia declare war between NATO and Russia. Now, any halfwit smallcountry leader gets to audition for the role of Archduke Ferdinand' Cafferty Georgia Started War with Russia [vid]' Kazakhstan is considering diverting its oil exports away from the BTC pipeline that runs through Georgia, and using Russia instead. The reason?' Russia threatens sale of offensive weapons to Israel's enemies Belfast Police Confiscate Boardgame In Terrorist Crackdown' World's Oldest Man Dies At The Age Of 138 Russia condemns US missile deal' NATOs decision to freeze relations with Moscow and Washingtons inept handling of Pakistan are strategic foreign policy mistakes.' Sweet Sixteen or Fraudulent Fourteen,  Hackers unearth more underage gymnast allegations ' If Russias feeling churlish, they can pretty much bring to a grinding halt any kind of coercive actions' Chinese Gymnasts 14, Official Document Shows' Suicide attack kills at least 50 at Pakistan arms factory' The Abkhazian Parliament has approved an official appeal to Russia to recognise its independence' Georgia, Bulgaria and the Second Balkan War | afoe | A Fistful of Euros | European Opinion' Terrorist reveals Pak's sinister designs on India International Olympic Committee launches probe into He Kexin's age Syria says its ready to put a Russian missile system on its soil as a counterweight to U.S. plans to deploy a missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic' Superclass new book  over the past several decades a global elite has emerged whose connections to each other have become more significant than their ties to their home nations and governments.' Georgia did not believe Russia would respond to its offensive in South Ossetia and was completely unprepared for the counterattack, the deputy defence minister has admitted.' Ossetian leader admits conducting ethnic cleansing' Report Push for Iraq War Preceded Intelligence FIndings' Russia Capitalizes on Bush's New World Disorder Americans including James Powerderly arrested at Olympics as China Clamp Downs on ProTibetan Groups' Prohibited Places FOIA request refused by UK Ministry of Justice on the grounds of cost / time' An acute water shortage in the West Bank has become so severe that most families are too poor to buy water' Australian Privacy Awareness Week' British Government Stole a Entire Island and Gave it to the U.S. ' Son of leading Iraqi Sunni politician charged with planting a bomb in a house belonging to a Shiite family' How educational is a Chinese reeducation camp? Not very.' peacekeeping troops with armoured cars and helicopters would remain inside Georgia for the foreseeable future' It's Something About Denmark Why Danes Are the World's Happiest People The Chinese Women Gymnasts May Lose Their Gold Medals'  U.S.led coalition kills 76 Afghan civilians' China to Overtake UK on Renewable Energy Production' Pakistan's Ruling Party Nominates Slain Bhutto's Husband for President Three men held in terror probe linked to threats to kill Gordon Brown'  The U.S. hands over military secrets  to Moscow' Fire Marshal Handcuffs Woman for Swearing' UK economy comes to a standstill ' 26 year old boy discovered The Meaning of Life' Olympics Medal time line 1896 at 2008  ' Olympics Athletes' Village Is a 'SexFest'  Hes easily the most hated man in Toronto. What exactly was he planning to do with 2,865 bicycles?' US kills 70+ civilians in Afghanistan... this is not how you win hearts and minds against the Taliban.' Company that lost computer stick with data of 84,000 prisoners gets new 240million government contract' Olmert threatened Syria that Israel will destroy any weapons they buy from Russia telling the Syrians that it would be a loss for Syria to pay money for arms that Israel will work to destroy.' Drug companies accused of spending millions on conference trips for doctors ' Deconstructing Brzezinskis Russia' British motheroftwo faces being 'detained without trial in China after participating in Free Tibet protest' LAOS  Film Reveals CIA's 'Most Secret Place on Earth' A tragic waste of a young life ' Remember that little 'earthquake' in China nobody seems to mention anymore? (pics) ISI, Pakistan's 'rogue' military intelligence agency  Long wait for Spain crash answers' Rockets, guile and the lessons of history the Taleban besiege Kabul' Extras hired to form a line for iPhone launch in Poland' Banks 'use credit crunch to milk borrowers of 3bn' Iraq 5 Years on The Killing Fields' Village Officials Say Scores of Civilians Died in USAfghan Attack' Poking The Bear With A Blunt Stick' Italy puts Moroccan MP under house arrest pending appeal' Why did a heatseeking helicopter fly over the exact spot where David Kellys body was found  and detect nothing?' UK spooks forced to hand Gitmo files to suspect's lawyers Foreign journalists abducted in Somalia' Because One of McCain's Ranches Includes SIX HOMES, Does It Count Only As One House?  What About Two Condos Combined Into a Single 6,000 Sq. Ft. Palace? The Bin Laden Bridge A Vision to Connect Africa and Asia' Portal to Maya Underworld Found in Mexico?' Boeing 737 Passenger jet crashes in Kyrgyzstan' UK town councils accused of spying on residents' sex lives Ten Year Old Locked In Iron Cage for Giving Falun Gong Brochure ' Gerhard Schroeder has been told he should keep his mouth shut after appearing to support Russia's invasion of Georgia. ' US warship docks in Georgia port' $50 million per medal' The Georgia Fiasco and the Military Industrial Complex' Pirates attack Iranian ships sailors held hostage! ' Former Aussie PM Lasting peace depends on a new world order' Afghan president 'pardoned rapists' New China? Bird's Nest replaces Mao on yuan Afghanistan's Helmand province yields a bumper opium harvest SCO vs NATO, WWIII?' Pakistan's ruling coalition on verge of collapse Iraqis desperate for water. ' John Pilger  Freedom Next Time' Activist boats reach Gaza Strip' Peace ships break through Israel's blockade of Gaza. The New Rulers of The World by John Pilger' The Georgian military felt there was only a low probability of a massive Russian counterattack, despite the bloody way in which Russia destroyed Chechnya'  Baghdad bombs kill 4 and wound 15' Huge fire as Georgian train hits landmine' Pressure grows on Nicolas Sarkozy for Afghanistan pullout' The Death of a Pop Princess' N Korea's Kim died in 2003; replaced by lookalike, says Waseda professor Secret prison on Diego Garcia confirmed' Israel claims allowing an aid ship to reach Palestine is a dangerous precedent & will use deadly force, a response out of proportion to the threat. What dangerous precedent could this create?' Pedophile attempts to assault and kidnap child; Mother beats pedophile on head with pipe.  Nobody upset.' Wealthy Mexicans, terrified of soaring kidnapping rates, are spending thousands of dollars to implant tiny transmitters under their skin' If the weapon states are not prepared to rid themselves of nuclear weapons, why would other states continue to deny themselves the kind of leverage that these weapons bring?' Israeli Report Guards regularly abuse inmates' Flashback Naked, drunk, surrounded by sex toys  it's the Israeli ambassador Russia to recognize Georgia rebel regions!' Iraqi Teenage Girl Wearing Explosives Turns Self in to Police' Iceland's Armed Forces Unveils MechaBjrk [PIC] Swiss engineers, a nuclear black market and the CIA'  Israel releases 198 Palestinian prisoners' Let's rewrite history   A new historical concept  Stalin's terror was a development tool' The Puppet Masters Behind Georgia President Saakashvili ' Gold Farming Comparable In $$ To India's Entire Outsourcing Industry SHOCK! Amsterdam's Smoking Ban Doesn't Apply to Weed... Refugee camp in Darfur under direct attack' 2008 Globally the Coldest Year of the Century So Far' Mosab Hassan Yousef, son of Hamas leader, becomes a Christian ' Victims Of Nigerian Scams Giving Nigeria A Bad Name Claims Nigerian Official' Russia accused of violating ceasefire deal' Four killed in Kashmir protests' When Islamic terrorist organization donates...' UK child protection database 'will be used to prosecute young people' North Korea halts denuclearisation after US fails to remove them from list of states sponsoring terrorism.' 60 Children Among Dead in US Airstrike in Afghanistan' The Russian Parliament has voted overwhelmingly to officially recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia' Violent animal rights activists set fire to scientist home  very little protection available for scientists' NBC censored that Olympic champion, Matthew Mitcham, is gay' UN says convincing evidence shows US airstrike in Afghanistan killed 90 people, including 60 children' Italy tries to outlaw Islam' Mystery virus kills 160' Israeli group Peace Now says settlement construction in the occupied West Bank has nearly doubled since last year' Revealed Britain's secret propaganda war against alQaida  Israel settlement surge draws Rice criticism' Solar Powered, Carbon Neutral Pyramid to House 1 Million People in Dubai' Russia claims Proof of Genocide' How NATO transformed from a military alliance into a quasiUnited Nations' Cartwheeling Banned in School' Phillyarea activists released by China; Jeff said he was slapped around and threatend, with them saying, Do you want your head cut off or do you want to be shot?' Vatican describes Hindu attack on Christian orphanage as a 'sin against God' Protesters tell tales of Beijing detention sleep deprivation, threats oh my' Python kills zookeeper' Kelly was Murdered Says UK Intelligence Insider' Fury as image of Myra Hindley appears in 'Best of British' film at 2012 Olympics party  North Korea to suspend nuclear disablement' Germans suspect Bayer pesticide in beehive collapse' Research on terrorism is invaluable  but we do it under fear of arrest' Top US diplomat escapes gun attack in Pakistan' Photos of a 15yearold Iraqi suicide bomber who gave herself up  ' London Olympics 'Tacky' 2012 handover show attacked by British bloggers Fascist close to taking over Thailand. They want to replace the democracy with a system that would be dominated by appointees from the bureaucracy and the military. ' Iraq says U.S. sought troop presence to 2015' Indian state erupts in violence after Hindu shot' A majority of Russians back the PutinMedvedev government and are excited about the return of Russia as a superpower. ' US ''doves'ring to Georgia Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles Russia cruiser to test weapons in crowded Black Sea' N. Korea Angered By US NonCommitment of Promise, Flashes Its Plutonium Capability Trump Card.' One man's China crusade World Bank OneThird of World's Poor in India (42% of India's population live Below Poverty Line ($1.25/day); 75.65% live on less than $2/day..which is more than SubSaharan Africa)  The Free Gaza Movement forced the Israeli government to issue a fundamental policy change regarding their military and economic blockade of Gaza.' U.S. soldiers say they executed Iraqis on riverbank' BBC denies interference in alQaida coverage' Three drug hitmen die in attack on Mexican army   when hitman are going after the army, there's a problem... Must We Help Georgia?' BBCWest condemns Russia over Georgia ,  WEST == U.S. OF A. ??' Archaeologists unearth 1,300yearold mummy in Peruvian capital' Ossetian leader accuses US of genocide' Egypt urges end to Israel threats' 7.0 Quake strikes Russia's Siberian region Backgrounder Basic facts about Abkhazia' Sudan hijackers free passengers in Libya' Black Sea Fleet ships start tracking NATO guests' UK makes Atlantic sea bed claim' Military help for Georgia is a 'declaration of war', says Moscow Western Media Mislead Public on GeorgiaRussia Conflict [VIDEO]' Conservative foreign affairs magazine the US should cooperate with Iran on energy to balance Russian influence'  Dalai Lama admitted to hospital' British journalism student gangraped by asylum seekers in Calais squatter camp they call 'The Jungle' Russia Military help for Georgia is a 'declaration of war' Airline removes life vests to lower weight  save on fuel' In Defiance of the US, Israel Pushes Ahead with Settlement Expansion' Test of Russian New Long Range TOPOL Missile That Evades Defensive Antimissile Defense Systems Successfully Done' Russia wins backing from China and Central Asia over Georgia' Baby's life saved by email Diplomat Russia plans to raise navy presence in Syria' Embarrasing Public Rift in US State Department Sparks International Furor' Russia Texan may have been helping Georgia' Germany  Man Arrested for Kidnapping Daughter to Stop Marriage to NonMuslim' Relief agencies criticize US military humanitarians' The History Channel For Adults ' Poor struggle as rat meat prices soar' Iran condemned for surge of youth hangings' The Economist is now publishing antiRussia propaganda.' British paedophiles can opt for chemical castration.' Two headed baby dies in Bangladesh after developing breathnig complications' Pentagon OK's Missile Sale to Taiwan Poti the hottest place in the new cold war ' Disabled Russian Journalist Jailed for Beating Cops' Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has accused the US of provoking the conflict in Georgia, possibly for domestic election purposes. ' who is Michael Lee White, a resident of Houston, born in 1967?' Georgia has decided to cut diplomatic ties with Russia, days after Moscow recognised the independence of Georgia's two breakaway regions. Mexico City's abortionrights law is upheld Things are getting rough south of the border. Mexicans are chipping themselves, using GPS tracking and bulletproofing everything for security purposes.' Bosnia Overcomes Ancient Ethnic and Religious Divisions to Unite in Anger Against Gay Festival' Guerrilla Gardening Vigilante Green Thumbs Illegally Plant in Public Places' Dwindling Army Applications Afghanistan Puts Germans Off Military Career' India's Floods a Manmade Disaster? UK Private security workers and local government officials have police powers to stop and fine people for littering, dog crap, and other minor offenses!' 11 headless bodies discovered by Mexican farmer in Yucatan' Putin U.S. Created Georgia Conflict' S Ossetia 'will become Russian' U.S. Citizen A Georgian Commando' Return of the apartheid party (In South Africa)'  Somali pirates a growing threat to shipping' Sadr Announces Suspension of Mahdi Army Indefinitely'  Iraq's Palestinians still live in fear Russia to sign accord for bases in South Ossetia report' Hugo Chavez supports independence of South Ossetia and Abkhazia' China refuses to endorse Russia's move on Goergian Seperatists Source Israel ready to stop Iranian nukes' A blogger takes office in Malaysia' Bosnian Serb wartime leader Radovan Karadzic refused to enter a plea Friday before the UN war crimes tribunal, which he dismissed as a court of NATO.' Cuba to try antiCastro punk rocker Gorki Aguila ' Russia threatens to supply Iran with top new missile system as 'cold war' escalates South Ossetia says it will join North OssetiaAlania as a federal subject of Russia' Russia says recognition of S.Ossetia, Abkhazia irreversible' Canada's slave trade, workers packed into filthy accommodations, denied pay and threatened with deportation' Now it's the citizen snoopers British councils recruit unpaid volunteers to spy on their neighbours 40,000+ Passengers left stranded by the collapse of the longhaul budget airline in Britain and Canada' South Ossetian police tell Georgians to take a Russian passport, or leave their homes' Russia calls for more observers in Georgia' Unemployment and poverty on the rise in Berlin' Despite mounting antigovernment protests, Thai PM Samak refuses to resign' Drug Violence Alters the Flow of Life in Mexico ' The operation ... was halted recently in connection with plans for an impending US air attack on Iraq. writes the Netherlandsiggest newspaper. [NonLinkedJacked]' Georgia quits Moscow 1994 ceasefire agreement' During the month of August they (hitmen) killed eight US citizens and injured five more in the Mexico border city of Ciudad Juarez '  Russia's propaganda warfare US and Russian airliners narrowly avoid midair collision over the Atlantic.'  Southwest China quake kills 15, scores injured' Georgia The truth slowly surfaces' Italy plans major Libya investment to turn page on colonial era' Russian  intelligence Israeli jets, flying from an airbase in Georgia, to bomb Tehran with munitions armed with weapons grade anthrax. ' Are Moldova and Ukraine at Risk? ExSoviet States Fear Russian Aggression' Under the guise of true heroism Gaza blockadebusting boats planning a second voyage'  Tibetans fast for peace, Dalai Lama still in hospital' Economy at 60year low, says Darling. And it will get worse.' Azerbaijan to transport some oil through Iran instead of Georgia one example of how Iran benefits slightly from the war' Australian pastor who inspired hundreds of thousands of people with his fight against terminal cancer has admitted he faked his illness to hide an addiction to porn.' Russia Website owner and government critic arrested and executed' Iraq has signed its first major oil deal since the fall of Saddam Hussein's regime. $3 billion oil deal with......................................................China.  5 Women Buried Alive is Defended as 'Tradition' Life is visibly improving for Dalit communities in India, who were once known as untouchables' Georgia quarrel derails USRussian cooperation on Iran issue  Moscow will finish building Irans nuclear reactor in Bushehr by yearend'  Iran warns any attack would start 'world war' The time has come to say Britain is full' Don't Go There The whole world has the travel bug. And it's ravaging the planet. American Delta Force and British SAS collaborate on an Operation Phoenix assassination program in Iraq' Preachers of separatism at work inside Britain's mosques During WW2 amateur diplomat proposed dividing world between Nazi's and Britain Relief agencies decry military role in Georgia. Militarization of humanitarian operations puts them at risk, will forever shatter the concept of impartiality.' Iraq has signed its first major oil deal with a foreign company What? What happened with Exxon Mobil, Shell, Total, and Chevron?' The week that buried the new world order' Agreement on U.S. withdrawal from Iraq said to be in peril as Maliki ousts negotiators.' New Data Show 1.4 BILLION Live On Less Than $1.25 A Day' Italy to pay Libya $5 billion to crack down on illegal immigration' Amateur diplomat sought Nazi pact' Wheres next in Vladimir Putins sights?' Children in Gaza we're training to kill Jews Ask Worldnews As a current events junkie, what're the best online news sources out there? Hundreds of thousands of Mexicans protest crime ' Malaysian man gets nut stuck around penis report' Treating Iraqi Children For PTSD'