 On July 1, 2001, Portugal decriminalized all drugs, including cocaine and heroin. Judged by virtually every metric, the Portuguese decriminalization framework has been a resounding success' List of the worst countries for religious intolerance released  funny, where's Israel? Pregnant Briton 'faces execution' Iran secretly hanged a juvenile offender early today despite a flawed trial, a stay of execution and an unequivocal international ban on such executions' It's the PAX! Chinese billions in Sri Lanka fund battle against Tamil Tigers China is building a $1 billion port as a refuelling and docking station for its navy ' Australia's rarest mammal, the Christmas Island pipistrelle bat, is months away from extinction and the Aussie gov't is failing to take action to save them Taliban terror holds 2,000 villagers as human shields' Brazilian Supreme Court Strikes Down DictatorshipEra Press Law' Pakistani Writer Says Taliban Should Face Full Might of the State' Metal Injections Make A Spider Silk that Spiderman Would Envy | 80beats | Discover Magazine' Hospital 'hit by Sri Lankan army' Nations with worst religious tolerance named' There are no concentration camps or gulags but there are thought police with unprecedented powers to dictate ways of thinking and sniff out heresy, and there can be harsh punishments for dissent.' Watch the Spread of Swine Flu on this Nifty Map (not Google)' Monthly Iraq death toll highest for year' Pakistan Says It Kills 50 Taliban in Buner, but Residents Tell of Civilian Deaths ' Scientists starting to believe swine flu outbreak won't be so bad Current Editorial on Swineflu 30,000 Americans dying yearly from the regular flu. Why don't you put that on the news?! Disease threatens survivors of Burma cyclone  storm killed 22,500, another 41,000 missing' Occidental Petroleum and Death in Arauca Oxy must decide whether to put higher value on profit or human life; the rest of us need to ask about the cost of energy measured in peoples blood.' Denmark Government Delays Freedom of Speech Conference so Muslims Aren't Offended by Geert Wilders Attendance.... First Female British Poet Laureate Named' United Arab Emirates  Where torture and censorship reign supreme! Why is the US going to give them nuclear fuel?' British Airline BMI accidentially leaves Israel off inflight map, Israel  BMI is trying to hide the existence of Israel, they wiped it off the map...WTF' This guy wearing a white coat walked slowly towards the wounded saying to the soldiers, 'Don't kill me, I'm a doctor.' They shot him dead. It was truly terrible.' UK Police will destroy DNA profiles of 800,000 innocent people, plans to delete all physical DNA samples on the database, including mouth swabs, hair and blood' Quality of Living global city rankings 2009  Mercer survey' Despite the worsening of the world and regional economy, the left keeps winning in Latin America.' Michael Oren, USborn academic, has just been appointed Israel's ambassador to the US.  Here's his view on Israel's victorous assualt on Gaza the attack was necessary in order to satisfy Palestinian aspirations for a twostate solution.  ' Until the border is open to trade and materials, it will be impossible to rebuild Gaza' French forces capture 11 pirates with boatload of Kalashnikovs and rocket launchers ' Cairo pigcull protests turn voilent' UK to store even more communications data  but it's taking on an impossible task Sri Lankan civilians trapped by Tamil Tigers 'last stand' Berlusconi, King of Fascist Italy, gets what he deserves' Iraqi police arrest highranking member of U.S.allied movement' Veronica Laro, wife of Silvio Berlusconi, 'seeks divorce' Israeli calls up missile reservists' Albanian opposition lawmaker assassinated' Nepal's prime minister fired the army chief Sunday after a struggle over admitting former Maoist rebel fighters to the military, sparking mass protests and jeopardizing the survival of the country's first elected government. Berlin rioters held for attempted murder of German police' Israel Strikes Gaza Weapons Tunnels in response to Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli communities' Hospitals are also overflowing as doctors work round the clock to treat civilians emerging from the conflict area with horrific blast injuries' Let's play a game!  Type in the title(s)  you would see on Reddit if... Israel's controversial foreign minister leaves for Europe on Sunday, in the first official visit abroad by a member of the new rightwing government Google puts topsecret Brit nuke base on map' Freedom in the World 2009 Survey' Any predator looks for a vulnerable prey. Malawi, after the drought, was just the kind of prey predator companies like Monsanto look for' Pandemic alert likely to be raised to highest level' Saudi Arabia to consider banning marriage of girls under 18' Pregnant woman miscarries after traffic accident that wasn't her fault. Dubai's traffic court ordered the bereaved mother to pay US$5,450 in blood money and fined her for unintentional homicide.' In four past pandemics, a mild spring outbreak was followed by virulent fall sickness. ' 20 year old pregnant woman faces mandatory death sentence; video link at bottom.' Without a Moral Leg to Stand On; United Arab Emirates' torture scandal sparks outrage in the US  Meet Noemi Letizia, the 18 year old hottie behind Italian PM Berlusconi's divorce So while everyone was fearing the Swine Flu (N1H1), drugs legalization made huge strides in Mexico.' Defense Minister Ehud Barak said he would call on the Spanish government to prevent the investigation, reiterating Israel's stance that the Israel Defense Forces is the most moral army in the world. ' Russia to build floating Arctic nuclear stations What could possibly go wrong?' Candidate for Iranian Presidency Wanted for 1994 Bombing of Jewish Center in Argentina That Killed 85 People....' Sri Lankan army shells hospital, kills 64 civilians' 3 men file complaint against RCMP after raid' Haaretz poll 66% of Israeli Jews favor attack on Iran. 'Israel is a nation of peace loving people' my ass. Iran Launches Airstrikes on Iraqi Villages' Israeli troops set fire to wheat and barley fields in Gaza' Apartheid Israel systematically question Gaza patients in an attempt to recruit Palestinians as collaborators' One million candidates, 44 parties, running for up to 50,000 seats Indonesia's election Give me your expertise, Worldnews  I'm teaching an EU course this summer  I need good ideas for countryspecific newspapers An interview with a jailed Somali pirate leader' Delara Darabi Oh mother, I see the hangman's noose in front of me. Prison official We will easily execute your daughter and there's nothing you can do about it. Then, with a chilling click, the line went dead ' SARS sleuth attacks WHO for being worthless at doing their jo Targeted by Taliban, Sikhs flee Pak region; India concerned ' Israel Faces a Hard Sell The American, European and Arab response is that for Iran to be checked, every nation needs to do its part, and Israels part is to work toward ending the occupation, stopping settlement construction and fostering the creation of a Palestinian state.' French Navy said they seized 11 pirates Sunday after they apparently mistook a French military vessel for a commercial ship and made a run at it.' More Gaza patients quizzed at crossings, pressed to collaborate, held for undisclosed periods of time  Israeli charity' Brazilian cattle ranching company wants permission from the Paraguayan government to destroy the forest where the AyoreoTotobiegosode Indians live, one of the last uncontacted tribes in the world' 'Herooy, 15, saves six in fire The cops told us right from the start we know you didn't do the bombs. We've got you. That's good enough. And as far as you're concerned...you're going to jail' Tribal War  Armed with bows and arrows, Massai warriors clash with members of the Kalenjin tribe in the Kapune hill on March 1, 2008' UN report accuses Israeli military of negligence in Gaza war' Global Press Freedom Declines in Every Region for First Time, Study Shows' Georgian tank batallion mutanies ahead of NATO war games' EU accuses British ISP of invading web privacy ' Up to half a million Pakistanis living in the Swat valley could be forced flee amid fierce fighting between Taliban fighters and the military' THE worlds biggest rabbit suddenly dropped dead  just hours before she was to star on a television show.' Roma Seeking Asylum in Canada Around 250,000 Roma live in the Czech Republic. Their problems include poverty, lack of education, centuries of prejudice and, now, attacks by farright extremists' Chinese Officials Urge More Cigarette Smoking to Boost Economy' Israeli Air Force Prepare for Airstrike on Iran' Ferrero accused in hazelnut fraud ' France Beats U.S. at Eating and Sleeping' KBR Connected to the vast majority of suspected combatzone fraud cases' The UN chief accused Israel today of lying about attacks on United Nations schools and other facilities during the Gaza military campaign  including one reported to have killed more than 40 people  and formally demanded compensation.' Art historians claim Van Gogh's ear 'cut off by Gauguin' Homosexuality An Unnatural Act says Miss Botswana' Britain Publishes Blacklist of Those Not Allowed to Visit Country, Including Michael Savage!?'  Netanyahu says ready for peace talks right away ' Israel blasts iased' UN report on Gaza war German triplebarrelled ban holds' Wife of Kenyan PM Joins 'Sex Boycott' Larios public call for divorce followed days of drama in which she criticized Berlusconis shamelessly trashy choice to run a slate of female TV stars and models for European Parliament and accused him of cavorting with the barely18 Noemi Letizia.' The Pirate Party becomes the third biggest party in Sweden by membership count' New male contraceptive injection 99 per cent effective! ' Pilots refuse to take part in national identity card trials (UK)' Israeli human rights activist Ezra Nawi will most likely be sent to jail. Only international attention can help him now.' Russian elites (including the chief environment minster) killed while hunting endangered goats.  Oligarchs0, Goats7' Eight men arrested over yesterday's killing of 44 people at a Turkish wedding were all members of statebacked Village Guard units set up to help combat Kurdish separatists in Turkey's southeast.' TPB judge accused of bias in another case' For an 'army' which claims it doesn't target civilians the IDF has a proporsionally impressive record of killing civilians, unmatched by any other developed nation on Earth. Former IDF soldiers reveal there's a difference between what Israel says and what Israel expects of its soldiers Romania risks getting a 700 million Euro fine from the EU' Could this be considered progress?  Man stoned to death in Iran for adultery' Where are the most people imprisoned? [chart]' Giant spiders invade Australian Outback town' Afghanistan's only pig quarantined in flu fear UN demands access to secret Israeli torture jail + UN probe finds Israel guilty of war crimes' 'Up to 100 dead' in Afghan raid, largest loss of civilian life in a single incident since USled forces invaded Afghanistan in 2001 Eighteen Zimbabwean Activists Released On Bail After False Terror Charges' Talkshow host says Koran is ook of hate'. UK bans him from entering. Sues Michael Savage and Others Banned from UK' Alleged war crimes committed during the Gaza war  the full UN investigation report.' Pirates Seize German Cargo Ship, Again' Inside is a landscape of extraordinary human wreckage. The rooms resemble catacombs; lightless and fetid and crammed with dozens, even hundreds, of bodies, each one clinging to his bit of space, his bit of elixir.' Is There a Save Darfur Industrial Complex?' Russia investigates the use of helicopters to hunt endangered goats' Anonymous Supports Blue Heart Campaign Against Human Trafficking' Demolitions build Jerusalem tension' The Most Moral Army in the World (TM) shoots peaceful protestor point blank on camera... and they still say the IDF does not intentionally target civilians' Web designer opposes France's 3 strikes law, loses jo Reward for not shooting rockets Settlement expansions in westbank seeing biggest boost since 2003. ' EU lawmakers vote to introduce net neutrality.' Canada's Olympic uniforms to be made of seal skin ... Plans to use Vancouver Winter Games to promote seal products' Germany to outlaw paintball and lasertag games' DNA profiles of innocent to be kept for 12 years despite European ruling  (UK)' EU kills 3strikes Internet rule, affirms Internet is a fundamental right' Evil megalomaniac Rupert Murdoch will try his hardest to destroy the internet. The current days of the Internet will soon be over' Mystery of Brit soldiers on Auschwitz list' 'Troops and rebels clash' in Chad Foreign journalists trying to conduct interviews in the Sichuan earthquake zone in western China are being attacked and detained ' Pakistan's PM says he has ordered the army to eliminate militants and terrorists, apparently referring to operations against the Taleban' Loss of nuclear monopoly  an Israeli nightmare' The Italian navy has transferred more than 200 migrants picked up in waters off the island of Malta to Tripoli under a new agreement with Libya.' Canada solves Swine Flu  This is a world first and a real validation of Canada's scientific excellence, says Federal Health Minister. Finally, Canada!' Bolivias Chacaltaya Glacier, once known as the worlds highest ski run at 17,388 feet, has completely melted away' 'We have never seen so many hungry people in the world', warns U.N. chief How pissed would you be if you were shot while protesting air strikes that killed up to 100 civilians?' Nato war exercises begin in Georgia amid heightened tension between Moscow and Tbilisi.' Rupert Murdoch thinks the future of news websites lies in paid subscriptions' Canadian, Belgian astronauts pass final tests for ISS mission' York Regional Police Chief Armand La Barge urges crown to drop charges in Korean Kid school fight police were too hasty in laying the charge.' Couple Gets Turned Away At Prom For Marijuana Odor' Why are foreigners dying at one of Thailand's most famous beaches? Eric Arthur Blair  aka George Orwell must be proud  Thought police muscle up in Britain' British Muslim Immigrants More Strongly Identify With Being British Than The Rest of the Population' Irish student's fake quote on the Wikipedia is been used in newspaper obituaries around the world EU wants 'Internet G12' to govern cyberspace. (Too much information and free speech makes the ruling classes nervous?) India's Election how democracy may turn the caste system upside down. Dr. Kamal Labwani, a prominent political and human rights activist, is serving a 12 year sentence in Syria after an unfair trial' We want to leave the city, but we cannot go out because of the fighting.  We will be killed, our children will be killed, our women will be killed and these Taliban will escape.' Afghanistan NATO Should Come Clean on White Phosphorus' South Korea NIS raids 19 places related to the unification movement' WTF! British law requires every schoolchild to participate in an act of collective worship every 24 hours, irrespective of what the child thinks or believes...' 'Go back and die in Gaza' Roughly 8,000 people caught the disease, about 10% of them died and a large number of survivors were maimed by frantic, emergency treatments. The regional economy, and many businesses, got hammered.' Hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis flee fighting' Ghana 'prayer camps' cast out demons, chain mentally ill [video] North Korea vows to bolster nuclear arsenal' From Bangladesh to Darfur How internalised racism has permitted lighter skinned Muslims to slaughter their darker skinned coreligionists.' Toronto Man Charged with Attempted Murder for Unsafe Sex' Palestinians struggling to cope with the Israeli blockade of Gaza and the trauma of war are turning to painkillers and tranquillizers at a rate that risks triggering a wave of addiction.' 1 million people now displaced by fighting in Pakistan's northwest Sikh police in Britain push for bulletproof turbans' Gunmen kill Darfur peacekeeper during carjacking' Saudi beauty queen Veiled face and judged on morals' Sierra Leone child miners Legacy of conflict ' CODEPINK Mothers Day 2009 I will not raise my children to kill another mother's child' Gunman shoots three police, holed up in house for past 24 hours, has heaps of guns , large stocks of ammunition, and explosives. Police sending in Bull Dozer.......' Australian Gov't broke new records for web censorship by requiring the takedown not just of a page containing harmful content, nor even a page linking to harmful content, but a page linking to a link to allegedly harmful content. Jacqui Smith ... has been making up for it ever since with a series of blunders so blatant that you could be forgiven for assuming she is in the pay of a fareast betting syndicate.' UK banned Michael Savage for allegedly hateful comments about Muslims, but an Islamic group he had previously maligned came to his defense  on free speech grounds!' Forty years ago, I was enraptured by Israel's courageous sense of mission. For me today, as for many, that idealism has palled Chavez seizes oil service firms' Pope We pray for the children of Gaza who have died or have been left orphans and live in misery and fear.' Alcohol, the new Crack!' Sexstarved Kenyan sues over boycott.  James Kimondo said the sevenday sex ban, which ended this week, resulted in stress, mental anguish, backaches and lack of sleep.' Russia  Issues Stern Warning To  Countries Considering  Military Adventures ' Relatives of murdered Iraqi girl demand execution of US soldier' EU wants 'Internet G12' to govern cyberspace In pictures Life in Hongsibao' Million displaced as battles with Taliban intensify in Pakistan' Karzai Says US Airstrikes Not Acceptable' The Internet of Things, a digital representation of real world objects and people tagged with RFID chips, and increased censorship are two main themes for the future of the web.' Half a million flee Swat valley as Pakistan faces months of fighting' Police Dismantle Huge Cocaine Lab in Eastern Bolivia' North Korea  three men put to death for bad management' Leaked 1955 Bilderberg Docs Outline Plan For Single European Currency  Global elite spoke of agenda to create Euro nearly 40 years before it was first codified in the 1992 Maastricht Treaty' Gunships and planes strike Pakistan Taliban in Swat' Warrant of Arrest for Zimbabwe Independent Editor, Reporter' Taliban a threat to the whole country, Pakistan PM says' Yemeni Islamist leader warns of 'foreign plans' to divide Yemen Sri Lankans arrest UK news team ' Pepe Escobar Killing them softly with air strikesWarningThis video may contain images depicting the reality and horror of war/violence and should only be viewed by a mature audience.' Sri Lanka and not Israel kills 378 civilians  Reddit doesn't give a fuck! If you are proPalestinian or proIsrael you are not helping us [Israelis and Palestinians], said &lt;Israeli whose son was killed by Palestinians&gt;. You are just feeling good about yourself.' Running Scared Disgraced British Parliament threatens police inquiry into leaks of their expense accounts. Perhaps there should be a police inquiry into their theft and corruption instead. ' In Ireland, a person who publishes or utters blasphemous matter shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable upon conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding 100,000' Chevron is Evil. There's no other way to encapsulate this...  Venezuela nationalizes 60 oil service companies' Mia Farrow ends her 12day fast for Darfur. Why isn't the plight of  over 1 million people at lifethreatening risk in Darfur getting more press coverage?!' More than 250 killed and hundreds of hurt between civilians in 24 hours in fights between Tamil Tigers and Sri Lanka Army' The silent wave of desertification in western China' Pakistan Urging Residents to Flee, Prime Minister  fight for the survival of the country' A day in Jerusalem New sexually segregated public bus lines  not just sending women to the back of the bus but on separate lines' Venezuela says 4 suspected terrorists detained' 'Say you weren't raped in jail and we'll let you live', pregnant British woman told in Laos prison Afghan president Karzai in move to share power with warlord wanted by US' Saudi judge It's OK to slap spendthrift wives  CNN.com Sri Lanka Artillery Barrage Kills 378, Doctor Says  ABC News' 1200 Bodies counted, 106 of them...children. The aftermath of a Sri Lankan Offensive on Tamil Civilians Last night [WARNING  GRAPHIC PICTURES!]' NATO War Games In Georgia Threat Of New Caucasus War' Man swears to protect his city from injustice!' Local government officials in China have been ordered to smoke nearly a quarter of a million packs of cigarettes in a move to boost the local economy during the global financial crisis.' Sri Lankan Barrage Kills Hundreds As Offensive Continues' Uribe's Colombia Kill the Poor  poor, young men had been recruited from the slums of Bogota, promised wellpaying jobs, then murdered in cold blood and presented as having been killed in combat.' countries that spend more time eating have lower obesity rates' Iran to Reduce Number of Unnecessary Excecutions.  Funny way to put it, but still to be applauded, I guess.' How the Family of a Dissident Fled the Republic' Afghanistan passes law making it illegal for a Shia Muslim woman to refuse to have sex with her husband, to leave the house without his permission or have custody of children. No wonder Canada is doubting whether the sacrifice of its soldiers lives is worth it.' If Israel is important because they receive American aid money, then pay some attention to Pakistan.  This situation is going from bad to batshit insane.' Pakistani president Osama bin Laden is dead' Reddit, I spent the morning writing you a brief history of the conflict in Sri Lanka and suggesting what it might be able to teach us.  I hope it encourages debate.' What police seem to have achieved is to search and seize first, and then place the onus on the individual to prove they have acted lawfully.' Roxana Saberi Free Not only was the case against her suspended by Iranian judges, the Iranian government has decided to free her immediately.' Tamil protesters block downtown Toronto highway ' PR Fail Chevron hires a reporter to do a video puff piece to counter a 60 Minutes story about how Chevron is accused of poisoning the rain forest. 60 Min. has 12 million viewers. Chevron's Youtube video has 2,000. Two Israeli citizens filed a criminal complaint against the Pope, for possesion of stolen artifacts from the Jewish Temple, destroyed in 70AD.' Men who were grossly overweight at the age of 18 had nearly 50 percent less chance of being married by their 30s and 40s, an international conference on obesity heard in Amsterdam on Thursday.' Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari on the Taliban They're kind of a cancer created by both of us, Pakistan and America and the world.  We got together, we created this cancer to fight the superpower and then we went awayrather, you went away without finding a cure for it.' UN decries Sri Lanka loodbath;' 106 children die and the blind shall see. 50 people in India damage their eyes looking at the Sun hoping to see the Virgin Mary.' Muslim  cleric speaks in turn during meeting with pope.  Pope doesn't walk out but leaves meeting on schedule  shaking cleric's hand as he does so.' I can, for example, publish an order that no material can be published. I can close a newspaper or shut down a station. I can do almost anything,  guess which country?' Jordanian King new Middle East peace proposal imminent' At least 133 Brit servicewomen have been sent home from Afghanistan and Iraq after getting pregnant. ' Iran to Release Jailed US Journalist' When I went to school I remember there was only 1 'fat' kid, today 62% of Australians are overweight! Somali Pirates are now Better Financed than the Regional Government Thanks to Ransom Payments' 'You probably think I'm a monster' According to the President of Pakistan, the CIA and ISI Together Created the Taliban' Australia Will Build Up Its Forces as China Rises' (UK) Tories next to feel heat on expenses' Lost boys of Swat flee for their lives as fighting rages' The PirateBay launches a DDO$ attack. Wonderful, let us all join in and send a few dimes...' Israeli academics on the problems with Wikipedia. Furthermore, the Wikipedia entry on January's Operation Cast Lead in Gaza describes it as an intense bombardment by Israel on a civilian population.  Cause thats what it FUCKING WAS!' Change  China overtakes the US as Brazil's largest trading partner Legalising Drugs Lessons From Portugal' Video of a Guatemalan lawyer filmed the day before he was assassinated and uploaded to Youtube accuses Guatemalan president Alvaro Colom as his killer' The World Health Organization is investigating an Australian researchers claim that the swine flu virus circling the globe may have been created as a result of human error.' Cocaine Purity down, Prices up' Guatemala In YouTube Video Shot Before His Death, Attorney Blames President for His Assasination (With transcript in English)' Russian intelligence sources, however, point to a more credible cause of death linked to the fact that Kellermann appeared to have discovered that Freddie Mac had syphoned over 50 billion dollars to Zionist and Israeli interests and organizations, and he was about to become a whistleblower' 'torture tape' sheikh arrested but will probably only get a slap on the wrist Hersh Children sodomized at Abu Ghraib, on tape' Inquirer defends the indefensible A monthly column by torture architect John Yoo' Taliban suspected as 86 Afghan girls are hospitalised following THIRD school poisoning' Released pre recorded video of assassinated guatemalan Lawyer blaming the President of Guatemala for his death (in spanish)' 4 days of fierce battles between Islamic Militant Groups and forces loyal to the Transitional Somali Government in Mogadishu (Somalia)' It pays to be married ,Where being single costs you most.' Tamil Tigers have been surrounded by Sri Lanka Army and today, this is the new map of New Safe Zone' OECD report World's Happiest Places  Denmark, Finland and the Netherlands rated tops Sri Lankan government forces shells hospital  at least 45 dead' The man Netanyahu plans to make Israel's new ambassador to the US believes that Israel should unilaterally withdraw from the West Bank and evacuate the settlements. Doctor says 49 killed in Sri Lanka hospital attack' 49 killed in Sri Lanka hospital attack' This is London  the capital of Somali pirates' secret intelligence operation Russia holds Victory Day celebration rows of tanks and missiles parade through Red Square in largest display of military might since Soviet times' Torture It Was Never Just Sleep Deprivation' Swedish Bank to Freeze Accounts of The Pirate Bay Admins' Guess who back in the TED house? Hans Rosling, with awesome new statistics! [VIDEO]' UK ISPs refuse to play Internet copyright cops' Pope demands independent Palestinian state The Holy See supports the right of your people to a sovereign Palestinian homeland in the land of your forefathers...' Five men beheaded in Saudi Arabia after grossly unfair trials; their crimes amounted to corruption on earth' The Vatican made a surprise denial today that the German pontiff had ever been a member of the Hitler Youth. ' Sri Lanka has written off thousands of its own citizens as collateral damage in its war against the LTTE.  As many as 1,000 died over the weekend; at least 50 more died today when shells struck the only hospital in the country's northern war zone. Guatemalan president accused of murder in video left by victim' 90 Afghan Schoolgirls Poisoned in 'Taliban Gas Attack', the third attack on a girls' school in three weeks, raising fears about increasingly vicious methods to terrorize girls. Measurable amounts of cocaine found in the air of Madrid and Barcelona' The reported suicide of a prisoner who falsely linked Saddam Hussein to Al Qaeda surprises humanrights workers and lawyers for other top terror detainees.' BBC Map shows only 38% of NWFP under Pak Govt control' Eyewitness Sri Lanka 'This is too much to take. Why is the world not helping?' Pope tell Palestinians The wall that intrudes into your territories, separating neighbors and dividing familiesthey can be taken down' We're facing an almost united front against the United States regarding Cuba. Every country, even those with whom we are closest, is just saying you've got to change. Hillary Clinton...(Good article about a multipolar world)' Holocaust Denier goes free ' Russia views U.S. as top security threat document' Why did the Irish Shareholder throw eggs at his Banks Chairman? Security Guard leading him out Because he likes chickens. Shareholder Because I can't throw my shoes!' Roxana Saberi, the journalist recently released from an Iranian prison, was convicted of spying because she had obtained a confidential report on the US war in Iraq prepared by Iran's Centre for Strategic Research. Pope tells Palestinians the wall that intrudes into your territories, separating neighbors and dividing families...can be taken down' Kremlin Battles over energy may lead to wars  The international policy in the long run will be focused on getting hold of energy sources, including in the Middle East, the Barents Sea shelf and other Arctic regions, the Caspian and Central Asia ' MDC activist dies from ZANUPF militia torture injuries in Zimbabwe' Somalia  Islamist fighters poised to topple the weak government, have government forces surrounded ' DataMining Predicted Swine Flu 18 Days before WHO' Scientists in Bolivia say that one of the country's most famous glaciers has almost disappeared as a result of climate change. I was murdered by president Alvaro Colom' Everyone is very angry with this wretched American. He is the cause of all these problems. He's a fool.  Way to really blow it for Suu Kyi, dude.  ' Israel moves on plan to annex Palestinian land, cut West Bank in two.' Russia warns of war within a decade over Arctic oil and gas riches as 'nations struggle for control of the worlds dwindling energy reserves.' 40,000yearold figurine thought to be the oldest example of human representation  Clearly carved by a breast man ' Gaza man Israeli troops forced me to drink urine ' Russia warns of war over Arctic resources' Gordon Brown's government has repeatedly blamed Iceland for its own financial failures. It's time to set the record straight. Ailing Suu Kyi taken to prison reports' It's a bird, it's a plane. No, no, it's cocaine  Spanish study shows cocaine in the air in Madrid and Barcelona. Poll 59% of Venezuelans back Chavez' EU Slaps Intel with $1.43B Antitrust Fine, AMD Reprieved' The Seal Men of Korea' Pakistans religious minorities live in terror, Long live Taliban! Death to infidels!, Christians flee for their lives.' The number of Arab Christians has plummeted across the Mideast in recent years as increasing numbers seek to move to the West, saying they feel increasingly unwelcome in the Middle East' Israeli Politician Jokes About Starving Children 'The idea is to put the Palestinians on a diet, but not to make them of hunger' Prominent Civil Rights Lawyer Arrested in Zimbabwe' Burma's Suu Kyi 'to be charged' British Association for Adoption and Fostering Critics of gay parenting are 'retarded homophobes'. ' Finland ignored warnings of prisoner prostitution in Afghanistan' Men should hold onto dongs... [Seriously, this belongs in world news]' Obsession with Naked Women Dates Back 35,000 Years' Burma's bad ass ruling military junta They want jail Suu Kyi for upto five years for being nice to an US citizen. Saudi Judge Causes Uproar For Saying It's Okay For Men To Beat Their Wives Swine flu infected Mexico's relations with friendly countries'  Unsung hero  The only reason we know anything about all those claims for light bulbs and moat cleaning is that campaigning journalist Heather Brooke has spent the last five years fighting tooth and nail for MPs to come clean about their expenses ...' Noticed an unusual, strong burst of proisrael comments? Here's why... The world elite meets again for Bilderberg Nothing. Nothing is happening here. Nothing to report. There's none. Not a single member of the mainstream press.'  Boycott Israel campaign starts to bite' If you are watching this message, it is because I was assassinated by President Alvaro Colom...' Muslim famous for predicting a totally Islamified Britain, has resigned in disgrace after being revealed as the biggest swindler of them all, ripping off taxpayers more than any other single member of parliament.' Australian immigration authorities told a detainee they were taking his daughter shopping before they sent her back to Iran ' Guatemala arrests Twitter user for inciting financial panic' Our man at Bilderberg Close, but still no cabal' Our man at Bilderberg in pursuit of the world's most powerful cabal&lt;br /&gt; 'Slumdog' (Salim) child star's home torn down Author Dan Brown feels the wrath of Catholics' Sweden wants to force ISPs to save user data' German government has predicted the economy will shrink 6% this year' Bishop of Baghdad worried that Christianity would become extinct in the Middle East' Piratebay DDo$ attack site (http//internetavgift.se/) has been reported to the police' Thousands flee Pakistan fighting' Polica Nacional del Per Gay Sex Tarnishes the Badge' Shadowy Bilderberg group meet in Greeceand here's their address Vietnam veteran on spiritual quest lands Aung San Suu Kyi in prison ' Avigdor Lieberman  To ban Israeli Arabs from marking the anniversary of the Nakba' Paul Craig Roberts on the Global AntiSemitism Review Act' The rich, shadowy Bilderberg group' The World's Best Illusion The Secret of the Curve Ball Defining 'Success' Down Congress wins Indian elections Dr.Manmohan Singh first Primeminister to retun to office after a full term since Jawaharlal Nehru' Moscow police violently break up gay pride rally ' Landmark study finds that Israel has become a colonial enterprise which implements a system of apartheid' Hong Kong 'acid attack' hurts 30 Phony cops break 59 drug gang members from Mexico prison' Sri Lanka army declares victory in civil war over Tamil Tiger rebels' Spectre of Mass Suicide as Tamil Tigers Face Final Battle' Venezuela seizes US pasta company' Some pornstar named Laura Perego was in Rome or is from Rome and decided to get political, so she hit up the Embassy of Afghanistan, got naked and protested the whole law allowing men to rape their wives' Gay protest broken up in Moscow' Rabbi asked Pope to remove or at least cover his cross when visiting the Western Wall, and other Jewish Israeli attitudes towards Christians' Sri Lankan troops closed in for what they said would be the last hours of their 25year war ' RAND Report Highlights Jihadism in European Prisons.....The UK being the worst......' 49% of Americans believe that if Israel attacks Iran then the US should help Israel' Ready to Inhale France Legalizes Poppers' Intel Could Face Civil Charges in Europe' China's first sex park stirs up controversy Fears of mass suicide as Tamil Tigers face final defeat' Slashdot | YouTube Video Sends Guatemala Into Crisis' ...where I spent most of my days / Chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool...' Video What's behind the latest NATO / USA aggression in the Caucasus? Love and Truth in a Material World The Weakerthans, None of the Above' Russian police violently break up mosscow gay rights march' Undercover Mosque producer David Henshaw makes Galloway squirm, heaps ridicule during interview on Press TV.' Pakistan to attack Taliban in Bin Ladens lair  Times Online' Tamil tigers concede, 25 year civil war comes to an end' Soylent Green was...  Neanderthals, apparently...' France to Declassify Transsexuality as a Mental Illness' Norway's Nat. Pension Fund, the world's largest, to consider divesting from Israel, pursuant to West Bank ethics tour. Montreal cop cuffs, busts and fines student $450 for not holding escalator rail in subway.' Gay Parades Satanic Moscow Mayor' Further demonstration of how Israel tries to dehumanize the Gaza Strip' We're all the pirate bay Armed security officials have maintained the secretive Bilderberg Group session in an atmosphere of almost hysterical paranoia, to keep all media out' Kuwait has elected its first female MPs following the oilrich country's third general election in three years Suu Kyi to protest innocence at trial' Kuwaiti women win first Parliamentary seats' When photos lie  winning sympathy for the LTTE and outrage towards the Sri Lankan government' The Berlin Airlift' Thousands of civilians flee as Islamists prepare to seize Somalia capital' What Would Drug Legalization Look Like In Colombia?' Cuba's Undersea Oil Could Help Thaw Trade With U.S. UK Gov't lies exposed Spy visited Binyam Mohamed in Morocco..and that person was back in the UK while the razor blades were still being taken to Mohameds genitals.' Inside Eurovision, the campest show on earth. Outside riot police round up Moscows gays' Burma bars lawyer for Suu Kyi' Uruguay lifts ban on gays serving openly in the military. ' Feeling the heat A short humorous account of a BBC reporter on election time in India If you ever wondered how hot it can get in India, this little gem helps in getting an idea..' Australia's Economic CPR ISAF Afghan war statistics show 55% increase in Western troop deaths, April 2009  Wikileaks' First women elected to Kuwait parliament' The leader of the Tamil Tiger rebels, Velupillai Prabhakaran, is dead' Former Mexican President Vicente Fox urges the decriminalization of marijuana in both Mexico and the US, saying it cant be that the only way is for the state to use force.' Water is becoming privatized and may soon be on the open market as a commodity. The world is running out of water and we need to spread the word and take action. Watch this Documentary called Flow For the Love of Water and see the Truth behind the World's Water Supply Canadian detectives beer knowledge leads to jail for U.S. pedophile' I give it 72 hours tops before 4chan has hacked and ripped this entire database.' Banks like Citigroupowned Banamex get away with charging Mexican credit accountholders usurious interest rates of up to 100 percent. '  Sabotage hits Britain's biggest cycle race Leading Muslim Scholars in Pakistan Denounce the Taliban' Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi on trial  (UK) Rise in use of drug tests to sack staff without redundancy pay' Maoists Storm Nepal's Parliament Lithuania gets first woman head of state' Thousands Displaced By War In Pakistan' Pakistan Is Rapidly Adding Nuclear Arms, U.S. Say' Iran's spiritual leader discourages electing a proWestern president 150 newly elected MPs in India have criminal records' Former prime minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto was assassinated on the orders of the special death squad formed by former US vicepresident Dick Cheney, which had already killed the Lebanese Prime Minister Rafique Al Hariri and the army chief of that country' A Philippine Navy Lieutenant is currently in hiding out fear for her life after exposing her country's military embezzling of millions of dollars in US aid intended to fight Islamic fundamentalist terrorism in the region Australian topless bathing ban urged' Guatemala Thousands protest over allegations president had lawyer murdered' James Lull, Ponzi Scammer, Drives Truck Off Cliff The Day Of His Sentencing' Darfur rebel leader surrenders to war crimes court; Sudanese president continues to refuse cooperation' Woman, 66, defends right to have baby!' Indian markets surge on Congress win' The hijacking of merchant ships by Somali pirates has forced the world to take notice of a country thats been in a violent downward spiral for decades. Is there any hope for Somalia?' The Belgian bodybuilding championship has been canceled after doping officials showed up and all the competitors fled.' Charlie Brooker The BNP represents Britain's workers? They don't even represent basic British craftsmanship Excessive cola consumption can lead to anything from mild weakness to profound muscle paralysis, doctors are warning.' 'Ghost airports'  South Korea's new airports fail to take off At least 153 of the newlyelected MPs in India are charged in criminal cases, says a study by civil society groups.' Gordon Brown announces any MP who defied the rules on expenses will not be allowed to stand at next election. In other news, proposed cabinet at next election made of cats.' Sri Lanka Chronology of the key dates in the conflict' Media coverage comparison of the conflicts in DR Congo and Darfur. If only the country with more violence had more gorillas.' Catholic priest jailed in 2004 for pocketing millions from his church granted full restoration of his priestly duties by the head of the Catholic Church in Singapore.'   In a deft bit of science diplomacy active since 2001, Syracuse University has been engaging with a North Korean counterpart to bring a bit of knowledge  and some trust  to the Hermit Kingdom.' Bride and groom batter a man to death the morning after their wedding' Red Alert Brazil and China eye plan to axe dollar' Chances to prevent 7/7 attacks were missed' This is appalling  it's a sentence you'd expect from an ayatollah Cell phone nets TDCJ inmate 60 more years  Inquiry into 7/7 Branded 'Whitewashy Victims Over 40% of Israel's Arab citizens say the Holocaust never happened (up from 28% in 2006) Hurrah and Boo! UK told to prepare for oncoming heatwave [BBC]' Israel's prime minister tells Obama he wants to restart peace talks Leader of the Tamil Tigers killed. It really is over. ' Ethiopian military forces have crossed back into Somalia' Careful, sober analysis of situation in Guatemala' Sri Lanka leader hails 'victory' Young Pakistanis Take One Problem Into Their Own Hands  (a little bit of good news)' Thailand  Tourist faces between 2 and 5 years in jail for stealing a beer mat.  Makes Dubai sound good...' MPs on all sides tell the Speaker Michael Martin he must go' 'Endemic' rape and abuse of Irish children in Catholic care, inquiry finds Catholic Church was aware longterm sex offenders were repeatedly abusing children for over 50 years in Irish schools.' The world has ignored our warnings. Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy Agency talks about being wiretapped by the Bush administration, whose arrogance and ignorance turned the Middle East into a giant mess.' Thousands beaten, raped in Irish reform schools' Thousands Rally Against President Colom in Guatemala' Netanyahu aide call's Obama's 2state plan stupid and childish' Quarter of a million Sri Lankans face two years in camps' Owls and kestrels are being employed as agricultural pest controllers in the Middle East.' China has lost its position as the world's lowestcost components manufacturer An inquiry into child abuse at Catholic institutions in Ireland has found that sexual abuse was endemic in boys' institutions' Silvio Berlusconi bribed British lawyer, say Italian judges' Eleven charged with the murder for smuggling human albino body parts out of Burundi into Tanzania, to be used in witchcraft' Saudi Arabias brief and limited experiment with electoral democracy suffered another setback on Monday  elections pushed back two years' Disabled prisoner unwashed for 6 months because staff wouldn't push wheelchairs unless they were trained Hundreds of Irish Catholic priests 'to be implicated in child abuse report' Irish brace for Catholic abuse report.  Investigation into sexual, physical and emotional damage was long delayed.' Former England cricketer Chris Lewis has been found guilty of smuggling cocaine into Britain' Unemployed graduates in China to reach 3 million (out of 7.8 mil.) in 2009' Iran testfired a new advanced missile Wednesday with a range of about 1,200 miles, far enough to strike Israel and southeastern Europe' Silvio Berlusconi, Basically, we just don't want ArabAfricans in Italy. End of Story.' Sri Lanka crisis deepens as Red Cross suspends aid' Spanish lawmakers move to curb foreign human rights probes' Sri Lanka on brink of catastrophe as UN aid is blocked' Myanmar to let diplomats meet with Suu Kyi' AntiSemitic protestors in Argentina give protestors against the Israeli state a bad name, and make it easier for Zionists to conflate the two.' The Nigerian military has been accused of killing hundreds, maybe thousands, of civilians in the oilrich Niger Delta. The military offensive began eight days ago but has received little international attention' Couple do a runner after bank error sees $10m transferred into their account ' Work for us or we will say you are a terrorist' A 15yearold girl has been charged with cultivating cannabis valued at 750,000' How fox news' sister channel, sky news, dealt with the discovery of a missing link Vancouver 2010 Olympic torch is...uniquely Canadian.' UN Gaza inquiry 'to proceed despite Israel'   First Italian restaurant opens in Pyongyang [PICS]' A flock of ravens kill 14 calves in central Sweden' 'Settlers' assault two elderly men, 'five settlers attacked me and knocked me to the ground', 'When I was about ten meters from Abdullah and the settlers, my brother fell to the ground and started to bleed. Then, he got up and ran from the settlers, who continued to throw stones at us' Violence can be fought with jobs ... The Diary of a Mexican Drug Lord' China says rich nations must cut emissions by 40%' Israeli bulldozers roll through the West Bank 3 days after Obama meets with Netanyahu in Washington.' Apple Under Fire in Taiwan ' Russian economy drives unemployed to eat dogs, take over mayor's office North Korea executes official favourable to dialogue with South' Rotterdam, Eurabia' Voice of Mickey Mouse dies at 62' The Poor Get Poorer While Americans are worried about dips in their 401Ks, Asians are increasingly worried about more important things, like feeding their families.' Burma bars international observers from the trial of Aung San Suu Kyi, a day after allowing them in.' Movie and music industry appeals Pirate Bay case  damages were too low' Lucky couple  Gone missing after bank mistakenly give them millions of $' Immigrants hurt in Greek violence' US intruder said Suu Kyi 'scared' Thousands raped and abused in Catholic schools' Tiananmen anniversary unimportant to Chinese youth (' Full text of letter police psychologist wrote to mother of Robert Dziekanski, who died after an altercation with RCMP officers at Vancouver's airport in 2007 The Dark Continent Hitler's European Holocaust Helpers (Interesting Spiegel Cover Story That Causes 'A Wave of Outrage' in Poland) Police retention of photographs of protesters ruled illegal' Some 98 percent of Denmark's 7,500 Jews survived World War II. By contrast, only nine percent of the Dutch Jews survived.' Farright Czech party in trouble over airing campeign commercial called for a final solution to the Gypsy issue.' Antidrug effort in Afghanistan a failure US admiral' Russia Moves to Ban Criticism of WWII Win'  Brazilian prison' Royal Dutch Shell faces charges of crimes against humanity' UK Camera grid to log number plates (will be in place within months)' Bush It's liberating to be out of office.' The disease referred to as a contagious cancer, Devil Facial Tumor Disease, is decimating the population of Tasmanian Devils, leading experts to predict the extinction of the species in as little as 20 years.' Public millions fail to provide wells, schools and clinics in Afghanistan' Venezuela's Chavez raids last remaining opposition media, for having too many Toyotas. The owners of the residence will have to explain what these vehicles are doing there and why they aren't in a dealership, said Police chief  Wilmer Trossel' German Pirate Party Sets Course For European Parliament' The broker in the British MP's expences scandal comes forward, claims he was motivated by [Goverment] want to know everything about us, I think we're entitled to know about them. Doesn't reveal if he was paid, or how much' Spain reinstates charges against 3 US soldiers over the death of Spanish journalist' Achtung! Papers Please! Canadian musician, Allison Crowe, barred from entry into England because of some obscure new antiimmigration, antiterrorist rule' Muslim Publics Oppose Al Qaeda's Terrorism, But Agree With Its Goal of Driving US Forces Out Gulags, Nukes and a Water Slide   Citizen Spies Lift North Korea's Veil  WSJ.com Officials in Serbia are investigating an Orthodox Churchrun rehabilitation centre where drug addicts have allegedly been filmed being beaten' When Pigs Flyand Scold Brits Lecturing Sri Lanka! (Whats sick about this is that the British establishment destroyed the Sinhalese people completely.)' The news is confusing, misleading, fragmented and sometimes, frightening, so we've asked two informed observers of that region, both of whom have lived in Pakistan to try to help us sort it out. Libya Libyan Dissident, Long Imprisoned, Is Dead' Former South Korean president kills himself because he's in debt to too many people.' Greece  Muslim immigrants clash with police for a second day over Koran incident' Jelly Dildos Cause Autism' Swat Valley Pakistan Claims New Gains Against the Taliban' Moscow mayor offers to host world counterterrorist center' Initially welcomed, the mullahs controlled Mingora with burnings and beheadings. Now Pakistan's army could expel them Royal Navy warships dispatched as Spanish invade seas around Gibraltar' Former leader's apparent suicide stuns South Korea New photographs that show British soldiers on their way to the Somme. But who took them? And who were these Tommies marching off to die? ' Poll 30% of Israelis Would Flee Homes if Iran Goes Nuclear...' Fighting rages between Pakistan army and terrorist militants' Palestinian officials said no political plan for peace in the region will be accepted without the right of Palestinians to return to their homelands' Pakistan army 'in Taliban city'  Former South Korean president commits suicide by leaping off cliff. Take a hint, George.' GM cuts ties with four Ottawa dealerships' Former South Korean President Roh MooHyun died on Saturday after falling into a ravine while climbing a mountain.' French Turn to Cows as Alternative Investments' Communist leader elected Nepal PM' Double the number of Australians now being treated for heroin addiction' (Greece) Muslim 'Immigrants' in Second Day of Rioting... Wales, UK, plans for energy selfsufficiency with renewables in 20 years' Egypt arrests Al Qaeda terror attack suspects' Alaska's Naitve's struggling to survive while Palin hands out cookies My revenge will be the laughter of my children in the new homeland  exIRA man talks to British Tamil girl' Report Lebanon arrests three Israeli spies' Everything you know about Iran is wrong. (Not you, reddit)' Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister Moshe Ya'alon We will not let the US threaten us; we will not yield to U.S. demands, we will not halt settlement construction' Spanish judges invoke universal jurisdiction which gives them authority to prosecute highranking government officials in the U.S., China and Israel for torture, genocide and crimes against humanity' Sri Lanka's Tamil Tiger rebels have admitted for the first time that their leader Velupillai Prabhakaran is dead. Israel Moves Closer to Banning Any Nakba Day Events  Wants to Imprison Any Palestinians that Publicly Mourn Their Losses of 1948' Netanyahu says settlements can expand' Armed Israeli police close theatre on first night of Palestinian festival' Israeli tourism ministry puts up posters of Palestinian occupied territories as Israel  342 complaints!' Mongolians vote in presidential election' UN chief visits Sri Lanka's biggest refugee camp and sees raw agony' Remembering the old Swat that was like paradise on earth' Pakistan Love marriage greeted by the torture of a family; one girl is abducted by a Punjab MP' Pakistan 1095 terrorists killed, security forces storm into Mingora' Iran bans Facebook' Former South Korean President Roh Moohyun jumped to his death after being hounded for weeks in a widening corruption scandal.' Wouldbe suicide jumper pushed off bridge' Iranian authorities say a woman accused of being a serial killer took her ideas from the novels of crime writer Agatha Christie.' Spanish Intelligence Agents Expelled From Cuba' U.N. seeks full access to Sri Lankan refugee camps (Ban KiMoon Ban Kimoon says camp contains the most appalling scenes I have seen.)' Curfew in Jalandhar, India after shootout in Sikh temple in Vienna, Austria' Malaysia police raid opposition headquarters' Important International Moving Tips ' Prepare for WAR! he biggest financial bubble in history is being inflated in plain sight, said Gerald Celente, Director of The Trends Research Institute. This is the Mother of All Bubbles, and when it explodes, Celente warns' Tamil selfdetermination and the LTTE Some lessons for the struggle' The state of palestine quiz' C'est magnifique!  The Church of Scientology is set to go on trial in France, accused of organised fraud. Netherlands to close prisons for lack of criminals' North Korea has conducted a nuclear test' Blow Back Cocaine Traces Found in Red Bull Cola' 2.4 million Pakistanis have become internally displaced since May 2' USGS seismic data from today's North Korean nuclear test Magnitude 4.7 This is why you don't update your Facebook status while drunk Police on the trail of the $10million theives MP wants to brand 43% of population' Hardline Israeliparty (of Avigdor Lieberman) to introduce two bills one to force Israeli Arabs to swear loyalty to the Jewish state or risk severe punishment, the other to make it illegal to mourn the Nakba (the Palestinian exile upon Israel's founding) Less than 50 percent of Africans want democracy ' Nearly 100 human skulls found in pond in northern India' North Korea conducted a second and far more powerful nuclear test on Monday, triggering an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting on the hermit state's defiant act Canadian multiculturalism is in rude health and has licked the kinds of problems that crop up in other countries. Haroon Siddiqui explains how. | May 2009 | New Internationalist' Pictured The ruined wasteland of Sri Lanka as 300,000 people are displaced after war with Tamil Tigers' Ants crawled out of neglected girl's mouth' Gender issues worsen Iraq's medical woes  A man would prefer his wife die in labor than be touched by man Burma  Aung San Suu Kyi will testify in her trial tomorrow (Tuesday)' 11 crushed by unlucky Rabat feet.' Iran Political Prisoners Life in Danger ' North Korea Conducts Second Nuclear Test' Iran's Ahmadinejad rejects Western nuclear proposal for it to freeze its nuclear work in return for no new sanctions.' India air force chief says wary of China's military Swaziland suggests branding the buttocks of HIV sufferers to promote safe sex?' Elevated roadway collapses in China [w/pics]' Nurse shortage Free German lessons, five weeks of vacation, and a range of plasticsurgery options, including complimentary siliconeenhanced breasts. If Plastic Surgery Wont Convince You, What Will?' European Parliament in for a shock from The Pirate Party Our politicians are digital illiterates ' Putin to the West Hands Off Ukraine' Pirate Bay Money Squeeze Rejected by Court  The request from four major record labels to fine the Pirate Bay operators for every day the site remains up and running was declined by the Swedish District Court' Russia Has a 26yo gymnast just given birth to Vladimir Putin's illegitimate son? Crooks in Parliament  How British MPs defrauded the taxpayers and are getting away with it!' N. Korea's nuclear blast showed up on seismographs with the punch of a magnitude 4.7 earthquake, or 10 to 20 kilotons, on par with Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs Fraud trial against Scientologists threatens to drive Scientology out of France' United Nations officials in Afghanistan are attempting to create a flood of drugs in the country intended to destroy the value of opium and force poppy farmers to switch to legal crops such as wheat.' Town of the damned 18 children all with the same terrible birth defects. Coincidence  or victims of a poisonous past?' North Korea has testfired two more missiles, hours after the UN Security Council unanimously condemned its nuclear test, South Korean reports say.' Mexico 10 mayors arrested in a drug trafficking operation' Iran has sent 6 warships and logistic vessels to the Gulf of Aden and the surrounding international waters' In Brazil, they use model helicopters to sneak mobile phones into jail.  Beats using a balloon to smuggle it on your persons.' The United Nations special tribunal investigating the murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik alHariri has reached surprising new conclusions  and it is keeping them secret. Investigators now believe Hezbollah was behind the Hariri murder.' (Africa) Donors are now focusing less on charity and more on the continent's small entrepreneurs Unbelievable hypocrisy of far right leader, Nick Griffin. He claims to be a patriot when he has a history of praising the courage of Hitler's SS and accusing Britain's RAF of mass murder Israeli party proposes loyalty bill which would force Arabic community to swear allegiance to Jewish state' We'll dismantle wildcat West Bank settlements  but only if 'legal' ones can stay, claim Israelis Dubai suffers biggest house price slump in the world' Russia Military now following US with Unmanned Aircraft Vehicles?' Zimbabwe cholera close to 100,000 and over 4000 deaths' Israel Willing To Reign In Settlements In Exchange For Hostility with Iran ' North Korea fires two more missiles' Scientology Trial Could Ban the Church in France' Traces of cocaine found in Red Bull. ' Fuck N Korea warns of possible military strike    No longer bound by the 1953 armistice' Australian government admits less than 32% of secret censorship list is related to underage images' Deng Yujiao was an unknown 21yearold worker in a Chinese provincial town one of millions quietly scraping a living. Now she is an unwilling hero to tens of thousands of compatriots after stabbing to death an official who she says tried to rape her when she rejected his advances.' Wiwa vs Shell Oil trial postponed. Ken SaroWiwa, an acclaimed writer and leader of the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People (MOSOP), was hanged along with eight other Ogoni leaders' Twenty years after Tiananmen, China erases the incident by buying off scholars and giving students something to dream about.' EU sues Sweden, demands law requiring ISPs to retain data' Israeli Knesset Approves Initial Bill That Would Make Denial of Jewish State a Crime Punishable by a Year In Prison' Netherlands to Close Prisons Not Enough Criminals' Alien found in Lahore, Pakistan....killed by children.....WTF!!!' Home Secretary to be sued over MI5 torture allegation' Chevron, Shell and the True Cost of Oil It is very clear that Chevron, just like Shell, uses the military to protect its oil activities. They drill and they kill.' UK journalist Suzanne Breen 'I'll go to jail rather than give up source'  North Korea threatens to attack South if ships searched' Poll Hugo Chavez is the most popular leader in the Arab world' Aung San Suu Kyi allowed one witness at trial in Burma' North Korea No longer bound by 1953 truce' Huge explosions rock city of Lahore, Pakistan' UK in the middle of a butterfly invasion  arriving at 50 a minute' North Korea preparing to fire missiles from west coast' 'He would have found bin Laden'  CNN.com Russia fears Korea conflict could go nuclear  taking 'precautionary measures' Climate conference sex boomCopenhagens sex trade did brisk business during the recent business climate conference. ' Canada's governor general, Michaelle Jean, helped butcher and eat seal's heart  as an act of solidarity with hunters North Korea warns it will attack South if ships are intercepted' N Korea threatens military action after South Korea joined antiproliferation exercise to search the North's ships 16 year old Iraqi Immigrant cracks centuriesold mathematical puzzle' The Palestinian Archipelago [Map]' Israel to continue construction in West Bank despite US calls for a freeze on its work.  Also, will continue accepting money from US taxpayers' SIBEL EDMONDS Announcing 'Project Expose MSM' | Whistleblowers set to name names, turn tables on media who've betrayed our trust | Newsweek reporters named in 'reallife' case example of new project... Israelis get four times more water than Palestinians, says World Bank report' Italian Prime Minister is having an affair with an 18 year old girl.' High school athlete convicted of manslaughter in rugby death' After 14 years, pipeline deal agreed.  Good news for Iran, Pakistan,Russia, China.  Bad news for Afghanistan, Europe, USA.' From Bangkok to Berlin, Hard Times Hit the Sex Trade' Italy sinks closer to criminal rule as cashrich Mafia tightens its grip on the country, defying Berlusconi' UN brushes aside calls to investigate Sri Lanka war crimes' Countries that are Least Affected by Recession' Nowadays we know that the ethnic cleansing of Palestine was an orchestrated operation that was planned well in advance.' Evening Standard are happy to sell newspapers in this way? Even though one of their own vendors was f*****g KILLED during this trouble?' Argentina  Supreme Court orders reopening of AMIA probe 85 people died in 1994 bombing of Jewish centre' Palestinians declared that an Israeli return to the 1948 borders would solve the problems' U.N. command rejects N. Korean nullification of Korean War truce  ' First there was the Nakba law, then the loyalty oath, now the Israeli Knesset is considering a bill that would institute a one year jail sentence for anyone who speaks against Israel's existence as a Jewish and democratic state. ' Defending Israeli War Crimes' Australia sends money to dead people' Proposed Israeli law to outlaw expressions of grief or mourning on the anniversary of Israel's independence is a Zionist and patriotic bill' China guts budding civil rights movement' U.S., South Korea raise military alert on North' Well there's a bloody surprise! Roxana Saberi On Her Imprisonment In Iran' The hidden massacre More than 20,000 Tamil civilians were killed in the final throes of the Sri Lankan civil war, most as a result of government shelling' You got to love it  One of Canada's most respected research organizations has a black eye after being forced to withdraw three reports on copyright and intellectual property because they contained plagiarized information' Scientology on Trial in France Can a Religion Be Banned?' Canada's Governor General defends her decision to eat raw seal heart At the same time as Bush officials were accusing Iran of harboring Al Qaeda terrorists, Iran was secretly helping the U.S. bomb taliban units and find Al Qaeda operatives' The slaves next door Domestic slavery is alive and well in the world' An Iranian official talks about yesterday's mosque bombing that killed 20 people The terrorists, who were equipped by America in one of our neighbouring countries, carried out this criminal act in their efforts to create religious conflict and fear and to influence the presidential election.' Chinese fishing boats operating near the Northern Limit Line (NLL) began withdrawing yesterday,  Now that there's talk of... an allout war, we fishermen are worried. ' Two British men have been arrested in France after customs officers found a record 684kg (1,507lbs) of cocaine inside their lorry' Wikipedia bans Church of Scientology  Wikioperating Thetan Level Zero' Despite the fact that half the world menstruates, most people overlook the serious repercussions of a lack of affordable sanitary supplies in developing countries. The reason? Most people don't know that it is a problem. North Korea fires shortrange missile off east coast' The most expensive American public diplomacy effort in decades, a U.S. funded Arab network that has cost us $500M+ since 2004, now has a viewership of 0.5 percent, below the poll's margin of error. Yet Its budget keeps increasing. This bird should definately win mother of the year 2009' Chinese ships shunning waters near Korea amid tensions' Heavy rainfall causes dam burst in Brazilian state of Piaui' The memoirs of Zhao Ziyang provide insight into what China would be like today if the 1989 democracy movement had prevailed.' Iran official blames U.S. in deadly mosque bombing' 1968 Revisited The Truth about the Gunshot that Changed Germany' The Inuit may be more at risk than seals' Swedish companies uses crisis as pretext to shed poor performers' Chances are, you live in one of the 14 nations with armed forces known to have used cluster munitions, categorically prohibited by the Oslo Process.  Here's the full report. The harsh necessity of child labour' 'Kidnapped son' found on Facebook Sully's passengers reunited with items they thought gone forever Nazis unwind at Auschwitz. Reminder Ordinary people were capable of the atrocities there' British town of Luton, members of the Muslim community confronted extremists and drove them from the streets.' Israeli Spy Networks in Lebanon are Falling Apart A Major Strategic Blow To Israel. ' Russia begins destroying Cold War WMDs.  New $1.45billion facility in Siberia will eliminate huge stockpile of chemical weapons.' Time lapse videos of the Earth impacted by human driven change' Saudi Arabia puts executed man on a cross for display' US slams recent attacks in Iran, but the group responsible for it has ties to US ...' Pakistan army 'regains' Swat city Russian human rights activist seeks asylum in Finland' Now Germany is cracking down on executive pay too' North Korea believed to be preparing for ICBM launch source' I thought I was helping the state of Israel without harming the United States.' Hundreds of demonstrators were trussed and tossed into trucks, where 85 died of suffocation' Slumdog stars 'to get new homes' Amnesty International Report 2009 Middle East And North Africa (note what it says about Gaza)' North Korea could opt for devastating land assault  ' The Wall of sound is going to be quiet for 19 years..' Irans Presidential Elections The HardLiners in a Panic' Berlusconi Moves to Block Publication of Photos' Iran executes trio for mosque bombing' Iran blames US for preelection violence' US 'Dilettantism' in Opel Negotiations? Malaria vaccine trial begins in Africa on 16,000 people' Video films made by the Taliban in Pakistan's troubled Swat valley show teenage boys being groomed as suicide bombers for revenge attacks against local security forces In pictures China spouse market' Dear United States, Please stop selling North Korea nuclear material. Thanks. Rest of the world.' Thousands Protest in Hong Kong to Mark Tiananmen Anniversary' Bomb found, defused aboard Iranian jet ' French gov't report charge religious cults  including Jehovah's Witnesses, Scientology, Mormons  with having a growing influence in the United Nations How GM seeds (Bt GM wonder seeds with customized herbicides) killed more Indians than World War II' Berlusconi tries to block publication of photos of topless young women taken at his villa' Convicted killer beheaded, put on display in Saudi Arabia  CNN.com' Why Are They Trying To Gag A Top British Science Writer?' The most authoritative map of North Korea on Google Earth' North West England is the last hope of the BNP getting a Euro MP . One candidate there states his hobbies as devising slow and terrible ways of paying back the Guardianreading cunts who have betrayed the British people into poverty and slavery. I AM NOT JOKING.' Conference Board of Canada admits that its publicly funded, plagiarized, biased copyright research is junk' Dying man cashes in by not cashing in his chips'  After Tiananmen, China dissidents bide time against Party.  Instead of crumbling, China's Communist Party has strengthened its hold on power since the crackdown on prodemocracy protesters. As the gory details of what the Tamil population of northern Sri Lanka have been subjected in recent weeks emerge  bit by bloody bit  there is need for a full accounting of every act of barbarity committed against them by the Sri Lankan government.' Italy's Berlusconi blocks publication of party photos Israeli Arabs defiant on 'loyalty laws' plan An Egyptian Cabinet minister who offered to burn Hebrew books last year enters the final straight as favourite for leadership of Unesco' Palestine vs Palestine Six Palestinians die in shootout between Hamas and Fatah' Senior Labour MPs have discussed defecting to the Liberal Democrats if the party loses the election.' Oops... Iraqi Trade Minister is corrupt and nonrepresentative..  Arrested while trying to flee the country from charges of embezzlement and fraud. There are arrest warrants for 997 officials from various government offices, in addition to 387 warrants already served. ' Tamil children as young as 11 were forced at gunpoint to fight for the Tigers in Sri Lanka's civil war. Survivors talk of their ordeal. Record numbers of Britons are queueing up for assisted suicide at Swiss clinic; Lords will hear plea to overturn law that criminalises anyone who aids, abets, counsels or procures someone else's suicide The BNP legal adviser Lee Barnes  The beating of Rodney King still makes me laugh. ...merely a reflection of his belief that the police should have more powers to punish perpetrators of crime by giving them a good thrashing.' The war on women in Darfur' This is not the first time caste tensions in India burst into bloody violence in Europe. Similar incidents have happened in the United Kingdom and even in the United States' An Air France aircraft carrying 215 people has disappeared off the radar in the Atlantic Ocean off Brazil' Can you tell the difference between an Israeli and a Palestinian? ' Former German MP/Judge offers $1m reward for prosecution of Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, and Blair' North Korea starts landing exercises using amphibious vessels  may be planning attack on South Korean island' President of El Salvador sends son to France to escape the violence of his native El Salvador. Son is stabbed to death with an awl on a Parisian bridge in a random act of violence with no apparent motive.' Indonesian model that married Malaysian prince says she was kidnapped, drugged and sexually abused by the royal family, escapes with help of Singaporean police' The Attack on the LIBERTY The Untold Story of Israel's Deadly 1967 Assault on a U.S. Spy ShipA Book Review and More' El Salvador's first leftist president takes power  Hillary Clinton attended the inauguration Thousands of Indian farmers switching back to organic from Agribusiness' genetic engineered crops several hundred students are missing, maybe kidnapped in Pakistan' North Korea prepares for more missile tests' Zimbabwe's Destitute Britons Repatriated China, USA or Russia  Where is cybercrime's heart of darkness? Russian police makes first ever bittorrent raid' Today's the day that Canada and the US officially become separate countries Australian tax payers to fund obesity surgery!' Fears mount that North Korea is preparing to attack the South' Stay at least 1,000 feet from the border, the May 25 pamphlets advised Palestinians, or risk being shot by the IDF. The UN says the Israeli buffer zone eats up 30 percent of Gaza's arable land. The Israeli soldiers, they shoot at everything  dogs, sheep.' Millions in Europe sink into unemployment and poverty' Israel stages Biggestever War drill' The great carbon credit con Why are we paying the Third World to poison its environment?' Tiananmen Square survivor pleads Don't forget the truth [breaking] Air France aeroplane goes missing off the coast of Brasil with 215 on board' Escaping North Korea  Defection is daunting. So is starting a new, free life.' Special Report Combating Piracy  Piracy is on the rise; so are efforts to stop it '