 Scientology's Viral Marketing In China, Web Users Made a Stand for Freedom of Expression, and Won  Web Filter Launch Postponed, No New Deadline' Survivors of torture joined human rights activists in the streets of Washington DC to demand prosecution of those involved in planning and implementing U.S. torture policies' Saddam Hussein's FBI Interviews Revealed Amnesty accuses Israel of using human shields in Gaza' ACLU Obama Admin. Relying On Tortured Confession In Habeas Case' UN expert says Israeli seizure of aid ship a crime' The US media and govt are GETTING IT WRONG AGAIN. The people of Honduras are desperately trying to hold on to their democracy. **PLEASE** read this letter from an American humanitarian who has lived in Honduras for 30 years.' North Korea test fires two missiles. Test chaos ensues.' UK Government bans former antiterror chief's tellall book The Great American Bubble Machine by The Rolling  Stone Magazine  Something, that every person on  this planet should read. [via SAForum (!)]' Honduras Coup Leaders Suspend Constitutional Guarantees' Civil War is unfolding in Niger' Operation Ore, Britain's biggest internet paedophile operation, may be investigated for miscarriages of justice Carradine's death 'not suicide' FBI says Saddam's weapons bluff aimed at Iran FBI says Saddam's weapons bluff aimed at Irann| Saddam told FBI he faked WMDs to bluff Irann| Reuters US opens 'major Afghan offensive' Croatia's Prime Minister resigns without any explanation 19 months after winning his second election Italians plan to gather in Vicenza to take nonviolent action aimed at freeing Italy from U.S. occupation and opposing the proposed construction of an enormous new U.S. military base' Crisis in Honduras, JuneJuly 2009 Coup if it is rightist, revolution if it is leftist' Israeli troops seize aid ship' Why President Zelaya's Actions in Honduras Were Legal and Constitutional Israel 'wantonly destroyed Gaza' Honduras' Coup Congress Erases Five Basic Liberties Corpses for cash USbacked soldiers in Colombia are killing innocent people, dressing them up as FARC rebels, and collecting cash rewards.' Six people were hanged in Tehran's Evin prison today (July 1st)  Iran Human Rights The EU decided today to summon all Iranian ambassadors in capitals across Europe in a coordinated protest over the detention of UK embassy staff.' Iran Hangs Protesters' Iran's 'informant' hotline revealed IRAN Ten days of anguish, abuse inside Tehran's prison archipelago Amnesty Israel Used Children as Human Shields in Gaza Amnesty accused Israeli forces of using children as human shields and conducting wanton attacks on civilians. ' Red Cross Report on Israeli Action in Gaza Should NOT be Forgotten!' Giant Naked Goddess to be Carved in Hillside' Iran regime has become a 'naked dictatorship' Six people were executed in Qom. 29 people scheduled to be executed in Tehran.  Iran Human Rights (July 3)' new movement from iranians to boycott nokia' British embassy staff in Iran to go on trial for election protests.' Torture In Iran' Video interviews with two Palestinians who have won international scholarships, but aren't allowed by Israel to accept them. We were on our way home from a funeral when he was pulled out of the car and arrested. Iran' Missile experts see Soviet parts in NKorean rocket' Why Iraq is Now the Most Corrupt Country on the Planet ' Iran Cleric Says British Embassy Staff to Stand Trial' 17 die in US missile strike in Pakistan ' Saddam Hussein Clears Things Up To The FBI ' Iranian blogger who claimed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has Jewish roots is being detained by Iranian authorities' Defense Department Releases Previously Secret Torture Documents' Iraq Sanaas cry for her missing husband ' Aid workers in Darfur are in impossible situation' Hey Reddit, I have a 1947 world altas. I wonder if it can teach us anything about peace in the Middle East? [pic]' Israel has taken everything away from the Palestinians, now in a new PR move they're claiming the White House is being unfair asking them to end settlement expansion claiming the Palestinians are not making any concessions, what concessions could they possibly make? North Korea Launches 7 Missiles Off Its East Coast' Operation Ore may have left a scar on British justice Scores of the men caught may not be paedophiles, but victims of identity theft' Armed Israeli 'settlers' take over Mosque in Hebron for 'half hour of Jewish prayers'. The IDF (most moral army in the world) fearing for the safety of these armed thugs stood by in guard. Witness Overwhelmed Iranian hopsital staff, Iranian police confiscating bodies in trucks' McKinney refuses to sign document to win release' This is Cynthia McKinney and Im speaking from an Israeli prison cellblock in Ramle ' IRAN Protests in Kashan University ' Help Protesters in Iran Run a TOR Bridge or a TOR Relay!' Key leaders of Honduras military coup trained in U.S.' USbacked Colombian soldiers execute innocent for cash' NKorea fires 3 missiles off east coast' We did it in Saddam's palace and I can think of nothing better. That S.O.B. is rolling over in his grave right now, Biden said of the former Iraqi dictator during a naturalization ceremony for U.S. troops in Iraq. ' AIPAC propagandist Dennis Ross moves over to the National Security Council' G8 Protest Turns Violent' Iran election crisis Much ado about nothing?' Russia to allow US arms shipments to Afghanistan' EU resolve hardens as British workers face Iran show trial after the regime said that they had admitted conspiring against the Islamic Republic' Yup  Bahrain did make a state visit to Israel ' Interview with Adie Mormech of Free Gaza from  Israel Prison' Iran hangs 20 drug traffickers in one day  IRNA | Herald Sun' Jordan's identity crisis  An important article was published in Al Quds this week, reprinted from Al Jazeera, that uncovers the problems that Jordan has with its Palestinian Arab population that rarely gets any Western coverage. Here is my translation    Welcome to an inhuman country. Church, intellectuals and human rights organizations against the racist security decree in Italy, but Berlusconi government doesn't care African leaders denounce International Criminal Court' Whats been happening in Iran since everyone stopped paying attention?  A first hand account, Vice Magazine style.' Cynthia McKinney Refuses Israel's Offer of Release  McKinney refused the offer because she would have been required to sign an admission of guilt that she violated Israel's blockade.' iranian protesters beating up the police, july 3rd' Canadian gas pipeline hit by 6th bomb ' New cyber sword coming to the help of Iranians' Honduras's new de facto chancellor Obama is a little black man who knows nothing.' Ukraine Outlaws Possession of Porn But Medical Purposes OK' Smokers may have to cough up $20 for a pack of cigarettes' German officials move to ban flatrate bordellos. Also, German news is hilarious.' Israel is hijacking the voice of Jewish people' Costa Rica is the greenest and happiest country on the planet, UK comes in at 74 and the US at 114 out of 143 countries' Leading Clerics Defy Ayatollah on Disputed Iran Election' Jordanian police Sunday arrested 11 people, including trade union leaders, to break up a demonstration against fruit and vegetable imports from Israel, protest organizers said.' Ahmadinejad says he wants public talks with Obama ' Iran clerics defy election ruling' You Tube, Twitter, and Blog Israel, Like Iran, Can't Control How the World Sees Inside It The Violent Oppression of Women in Islam (NSFW)' Syria mends US, Arab ties as ally Iran in turmoil' Clerical Group Defies Leader on Disputed Iran Election  ' When Americans do it, it's enhanced interrogation; when Iranians do it, it's torture.' Philippines church bomb blast kills five' Obama seeks thaw in USRussia ties' En vivo lo que sucede en #Honduras. Live, the military coup is firing upon the Honduran people awaiting the arrival of President Zelaya.' Right to food law in India proposed ' Zionists are furious, Canadians are allowed to watch Al Jazeera, Fox News biggest loser ' Uganda to outlaw female circumcision ' BREAKING NEWS 129 killed in Muslim riots in western China, state media report' Iran's Revolutionary Guard takes command (and ownership of the country) Weapons inspector who died of 'suicide' in '03 was writing expose on Iraq's lack of WMD's  At least 140 people killed in UighurHan riots in Western China's Xinjiang region How to stop basiji bikers' China riots worst outbreak of ethnic violence in 33 years' Israeli settlers attack peace activists and a news crew' As Marwa wrapped up her statement to the court, the accused man lunged at her with a knife he had brought with him. In front of her child, Marwa was stabbed eighteen times in less than 30 seconds.' Israeli Minister calls for Jewish takeover of Palestinian areas in Israel  ' Think White Supremacy and Racism is Dead?  Think Again.  ' Deadly Clashes in Honduras as ExPresidents Return Blocked ' It's Been a Bad Week for Israel  Israel no longer  enjoys its traditional 'immunity' from criticism' Ethnic Rioting In China  Twitter Blocked | Techgeist' Afghanistan's only pig released from quarantine Programmer Steals Software That Runs Goldman Sachs Automated Trading Systems' I know the translation is horrible, but the gist of it is this on July 4, the government of Iran changed their statement, saying that the BBC and CNN faked Neda's death, and that no one actually died. Boeing 757 breaks down? No problem, find a passenger who can fix it.' Iran to prosecute satellite TV contributors' McKinney released, returning to United States' Honduras Riot police fire live rounds at protesters. 10yearold boy killed. Honduran emergency services confirmed that a child had been killed and a Red Cross spokesman said it was treating about 30 people for injuries.' Christian MP got taxpayers to pay for 68 hotel 'paytoview movies'  140 killed in China riots   [Video]' Britain's most popular zoo was evacuated on Sunday after 30 chimpanzees escaped from their enclosure. Hondurans pour into the streets  `We are more determined than ever to overthrow this terrible coup' My friend in Honduras just sent me an email with videos and pictures of the military firing on peaceful protesters. I uploaded his eyewitness account for everyone to see. Please don't let this disappear, because no one else is reporting it. Watch this Israeli TV Footage of Settlers Attacking  Peace Now Activists and TV Crew' Iran 34 people hanged in less than a week' Girls He Tricked Us Into Sex With Tarot Card' Iranian Reformists Planning Strike Please let them know that if they are watching, fewer of us will be killed. It is when America stops paying attention that the regime loses all restraint.' Mir Hossein Moussavi, Mehdi Karroubi & Mohammad Khatami joint statement' Iranian opposition leaders have criticized what they describe as the security state.  They are asking for all those arrested to be released.' Official Internet cut in Xinjiang to prevent riot from spreading' Her name is Hiyam. Remember her! A Gaza teenager killed by Israelis as she offered aid.' Israeli Supreme Court extends restrictions on nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for another 6 months. Vanunu is prohibited from leaving the country, speaking with foreigners, or approaching foreign embassies.' UK weapons inspector David Kelly was writing a book exposing highly damaging government secrets before his mysterious death' Han Chinese, backed by police, now retaliating against Uighur protests and violence in Chinese northwest. This could get very ugly very fast.' G20 police authorised to use force minutes before  Ian Tomlinson died' RICO Violations Leveled Against Blackwater Over Baghdad Massacre' Han Chinese protesters seek Muslim Uighur targets ' UN experts gravely concernednby mass arrests in Iran' Robert McNamara, Vietnam war engineer who that sent thousands of young people to their utterly pointless deaths' China arrests 1,434 after deadly Xinjiang riots' A curfew has been imposed on the city of Urumqi in western China for a second night after ethnic riots on Sunday which left 156 people dead.' Pakistan Taliban buying children for suicide attacks' Nico Pitney Iran Uprising Blogging (Tuesday July 7)' Ahmadinejad Iran election was world's freest. ok, sure. if Khomenei's sock puppet says so, it must be true...' Man blows himself up while fishing with dynamite' Polar bear expert barred by global warmists  Mitchell Taylor, who has studied the animals for 30 years, was told his views 'are extremely unhelpful Gaza conflict Residents' Views on Hamas' Standing  After the Israeli Incursion Last January Woman who falsely cried rape jailed for 1 year ' A man is found guilty of insulting and abusing a muslim woman by calling her a terrorist and an Islamist whore. During an appeal court hearing, he stabs her 18 times to death. Her husband gets shot while trying to save her and it turns out that she was three months pregnant. ' MP uses his parliamentary immunity to break through the secret act Britain outsources Torture. British Reddits, please read his statement  I can't think of anything more important to do today than read this and then writetothem(.org) Rupert Murdoch's newspapers try to bury evidence of their phone tapping and hacking of British politicians. A forest of steel pillars was unveiled in London's Hyde Park today honouring the victims of the July 7th, 2005 attacks on the city's transit system. G8  India is willing to discuss proposals to replace the US dollar as the global reserve currency' Rape a huge problem in Afghanistan, U.N. says. Families will often resort to the traditional and religious practices of baad and zina to save face, either by insisting the victim marry the rapist or prosecuting her for sexual relations outside of marriage.' A 31year old, headscarfwearing Egyptian Muslim woman, Marwa AlSherbini, who was about four months pregnant, takes her German neighbor to court for calling her a terrorist. Now, in the courtroom, the neighbor, Alex W., stabs her 18 times right in front of her 3year old son.' Catholic priest pleads guilty to 29 sex offences ' Iranians arrested during election protests are being subjected to harsh interrogations, beatings, sleep deprivation, and threats of torture to extract false confessions stating that they were supported by foreign powers and aimed at overthrowing the government HRW' Israeli Housing Minister Jews, Arabs should not live together.  Arabs buy apartments in places with a Jewish nature, which causes unwanted friction.  He also complained about the expansion of [the Arab] population that doesn't love the state of Israel.' Police give antisocial behaviour warning to twoyearold  Telegraph' Afghanistan's only pig escapes They are basically importing cheap labour, for cooking, cleaning and driving cabs, in the guise of education. Costly lesson for Indians in Australia.' Mojtaba Khamenei, son of the Iran's supreme leader, has taken control of the militia being used to crush the protest movement, according to a senior Iranian source. This game has not finished. The game has only just started.' South Korea says the major websites including government agencies and banks have been paralyzed due to a suspected cyber attack.' BNP advocates sinking illegal immigrant's boats at sea Revealed  the secret torture evidence MI5 tried to suppress' Honduras Teachers and workers are on strike since Monday for an unlimited period of time, condemn the military coup, reject the defacto government' North Korea attacks! (US Treasury department and Secret Service web sites.)' As Iraq Stabilizes, China Bids on Its Oil Fields' A Letter from an Israeli jail' Homeschooled Inuit Ready to Graduate from US College at 16' Tories give $400K to Toronto Gay Pride Parade; Harper not gay about it.' Hey Reddit Want to better understand the recent violence in China's Xinjiang region?  Here's Human Rights Watch's report on the complex architecture of law, regulation, and policy in Xinjiang that denies Uighurs religious freedom, and by extension freedom of association, assembly, and expression.' Australia town bans the sale of bottled water, first community in the world to do so' She is fifteen. He is sixteen. She lures him into an ambush. Prepared by his rival. He is stabbed and beaten with baseball bats. He dies. The girl and the boy trot off, she carrying his hoodie and a bloody purse.' Pictures from those uigharhan riots we've been reading about (graphic) Iran Erupts Again' Swiss unions demand six  that's right, six  weeks vacation for all Drones kill X amount of people in country Y (I see this headlines so often I have become numb to the fact that unmanned machines are killing humans). Its like we are in a 1980's scifi film or something...' Fox News owner under phone hacking investigation  breaking live.' Censordyne because Internet censorship is FUN. PS Fuck you Kevin Rudd' Charged with espionage for taking mobile pics in Iran ' An attempt by Hamas police to detain a young woman walking with a man along the Gaza beach has raised alarms that the Islamic militant group is seeking to match its political control of the coastal territory with a strict enforcement of Islamic law.' BNP leader sink boats with African migrants on board' Violent clashes erupt between Iranian protesters and security forces ' Russia 'shot down its own planes'  Iranian dissident blows the whistle on former militia colleagues who committed violent acts against protesters in recent weeks' Thousands protest, defy crackdown in Iran  crowds chant death to the dictator' Crowd enjoyed watching a rape attack in public until this decent man stopped it' 3YearOld Girl Killed with Acid...' The Israel Project Ending Settlements = Ethnic Cleansing' Accused of returning to terrorism, former Gitmo detainee a respected Afghan politician' Remember those two US journalists arrested and jailed for grave crimes in N. Korea? Don't worry, not many people do but they're still in prison' 'Four JDL members trashed Paris bookstore' | Jewish News | Jerusalem Post More Than $600 Billion And Counting Iraq War Lies Revisited' Sink immigrantsoats, says BNP Member of European Parliament. Pirate Bay's anonymous web surfing  service 'Ipredator' set for launch. Tens of thousands of South Korean computers set to selfdestruct on Friday, North Korea suspected.' It's Official, Ireland Makes Blasphemy Illegal.  Seriously.  Passed Wednesday, legislation making blasphemy illegal, with a 25,000Euro fine.  Police may also enter homes and confiscate blasphemous materials including books, artwork, cartoons of Mohammed . . . whatever!  Book burnings next?' Swine Flu only kills Fat people' 'Rude' French are worst tourists Murdoch (yes, he's the owner of Fox) paid 1m to cover up illegal phone jacking How the Irish Government manipulated the system to make sure the Blasphemy Bill would get through.' Canada, #7 on the list of top carbon emitters, refuses to change climate change plan despite fact that it falls short of the new G8 agreement. Canada now takes US's old position among Bad Boy Nations.' Rightwing Jewish group trying to stop Israeli settlement building in the West Bank is equivalent to ethnic cleansing.' The Manik Farm was meant to house the largest number of the 300,000 mainly Tamil civilians forced to flee as army forces mounted an offensive against the LTTE.  Now that the war is over, the weekly death toll at the Manik Farm averages 1,400.' Law will let Afghan husbands starve wives who withhold sex.' Tehran MD They have covered up the deaths ' The dirty truth about China's ethnic minorities Labeling Uighurs as terrorists ignores history' Air Raid Victim Tells Obama to Leave Afghanistan at Once' Umberto Eco Blame the Italians' I do believe that Fundamentalism behaves in the same way across all religions.  Roya Hakakian discusses Iran on Fresh Air 7/9/2009 ' Turkish Prime Minister calls Xinjiang killings genocide' New Demonstrations in Iran Bring Hundreds to the Streets ' South Korean Web Sites Disrupted in Third Round of Attacks' China bans Urumqi mosque prayers' An angry mob petrolbombed homes and threw acid over Christian women, after mosque loudspeakers accused the Christians of blasphemy.' Swat Taliban chief 'near death' SKorea says attackers use IP address in 16 nations' G8 Britain could cut nuclear stockpile, Gordon Brown says ' Report China quake destroys 10,000 homes' Rape Rampant In Afghanistan; a full onethird of the rapists are government officials who can sexually assault women with impunity. This is, remember, a government that is supported and even lauded by the United States.' Mass people's resistance in Honduras  In their own words Unsuccessful Basiji hitting cameraman...unsuccessful because the video has been uploaded to youtube and I was able to submit it to reddit!!!' German parliament passes Internet censorship bill ' Turkey attacks China genocide. Turkish apparently lacks a word for irony.' Irish blasphemy law is not sinister new law, but an amendment to an unenforceable old one to make it even less viable.' Australia's net filtering a $33m waste child groups Medvedev Shows Off Sample Coin of New World Currency at G8' 8 British Soldiers Died in the Last 24 Hours innAfghanistan. 15 British Soldiers in the Last 10nDays! More killed in Afghanistan since 2001nthan in Iraq!' French controversial 3 strikes online copyright infringement bill aimed at taking repeat offenders offline returns, now with judicial oversight!' Obama tells pope he wants to reduce abortions in U.S.n' Abu Ghraib Italy. Too many strange deaths in italian prisons. The fight of some families and mothers against media silence' 10 Cases of American Intervention in  Latin America (Balanced historic  perspective to explain antiU.S.  sentiment in the region.)' Amazing PBS documentary Heart of Jenin  A Palestinian boy's tragic death gives five Israelis the gift of life (full video available at link)' Ethnic conflict in China escalates, 138 Hans, 46 Muslim Uighurs dead.' Robert Stevens, chief executive of Lockheed Martin Corp, told reporters at a media dinner that the very definition of global security was expanding to include things such as access to clean drinking water, secure transportation, and alternative energy sources.' Honduras  Minister of Culture Rodolfo Pastro Fasquell The world must know that what has passed is a plot by business people from corporations who wanted to maintain their privileges... Honduras has the highest and most monstrous rates of poverty in Latin America.' A piece of paper. G8 doesn't care much about Human Rights in the world. But maybe the web will eventually change something Stateless earth creature burns Social Security card, proclaims love for all humankind' Released European journalist tells his story about being jailed in Iran for 'espionage' China's Ethnic Fault Lines  WSJ.com Venezuelan Coupist in Honduras' Executed for becoming a Christian.' One Honest Palestinian Journalist' A US company has apologised after featuring a Welsh couple murdered on their Caribbean honeymoon as happy customers' Iran is preparing a new package of political, security and international issues to put to the West' TIME  Afghanistan' Obama tells Africans to take responsibility, not aid' Israel plans to expand its online presence by giving money to trolls.' The death of Government scientist David Kelly returned to haunt Labour today as a group of doctors announced that they were mounting a legal challenge to overturn the finding of suicide.' Big pharma 'delaying' cheaper drugs. European patients, taxpayers and national treasuries are being fleeced of billions of euros because of the big pharmaceutical companies' elaborate campaigns to delay the marketing of cheaper generic drugs, the European commission said.' What it's like to eat in Gaza Iran creates Stasi corps to clamp down on dissent, makes transition to police state.' BOMBSHELL Cheney linked to secrecy of CIA program' New Orleans police proudly announce that the number of rapes is sharply down.  This herculean feat police work was accomplished by reclassifying many rapes as noncriminal complaints' Russian President Dmitry Medvedev pulls new world currency from his pocket' Australia's outback is being overrun by wild camels Criticism of Afghan War Is on the Rise in Britain' Iran's uprising is not about protesting kids  it's a struggle between factions in the 'Old Guard' Hundreds of ultraorthodox Jews have clashed with police in Jerusalem for a third consecutive Saturday over a car park which opens on the Sabbath' Bosnia buries Srebrenica victims 14 years AFTER the massacre. n' Most Xinjiang dead Han Chinese' Saudi Religious Police Blamed for Honor Killings' Injured toll from China riots raised to 1,680' His pants sagged, but never too much. He spoke of homeboys and used the n word, but gave careful regard to the schools rules. Youre not black, his peers taunted. Go back to Africa.' Elderly, Kids Urged to Skip Hajj Over Swine Flu  ABC News' Demjanjuk Nazi Trial To Break Legal Ground  For the first time, a person who was low on the chain of command is to be indicted, even though there is no proof of his having committed a specific offence.' Two Cameroonians and a Nigerian have been lynched in Taraba State in Nigeria for allegedly engaging in acts that causes people to lose their genital organs.' Coal miners rescued after surviving 25 days underground' Honduran coup leaders referring to little black man, little black boy who knows nothing about nothing. I wonder who they're referring to... ' John Holdren, Obama's Science Czar, says Forced abortions and mass sterilization needed to save the planet Gunmen launch deadly raids in Mexico' Water wars break out in India. Bhopal (pop. 1.8 million) has been rationed to 30 minutes of water supply once every three days. Indore is half an hour's supply every seven days. UK cuts Israel weapons contracts  because of the indiscriminate killing of the civilians during the war on Gaza.' Kim Jong Il 'has pancreatic cancer' This is not a joke Iran condemns Italy's use of force to repress demonstrations against G8' In 2007 an Israeli company backed with 2 million dollars in funding set up a system to game social networking sites such as Reddit and Digg.' A NHS doctor from London who was held captive in a Bangladeshi psychiatric hospital and forced to marry someone she had never met.' Israel and EU Clash Over Settlements' How the state (UK) crushed the early 90s free party scene ' UK cuts Israel weapons contracts. At fucking last.n' Top Iranian cleric Montazeri Khamenei is illegitimate' Russia wants Israel to buy the S300s sold to Iran  if it wants to stop the deal.Pentagon advisor Dan  Goure says the purchase would effectively rule  out any strike against Iran(a last resort in case  negotiations over nuclear program are  unsuccessful)' A video of a British soldier screaming obscenities and abuse at hooded Iraqi detainees was shown today at the opening session of a public inquiry into how the hotel receptionist, Baha Mousa, was killed while in British custody.' A group of Sudanese women flogged for dressing indecently  they were wearing trousers' Chinese artist looks into Sichuan earthquake deaths. He began his own investigation, collecting names of the children who died. He had reached more than 5,000 names before his blog was shut down last month.' N. Ireland More than 1,000 Orangemen and their accompanying bandsmen eventually did march down the main road past Ardoyne to the beat of a lone drum  but only after riot police fought an hourlong street battle backed by a surveillance helicopter and three massive mobile water cannons.' African Obama Frenzy 'We want him to rule all African countries' Iran's Terrifying Facebook PoliceTraveller's Facebook Page is Accessed by Iranian Immigration Agent and All Her Friends' Names are Recorded. Grand Ayatollah Montazeris Fatwa The Supreme Leader is Illegitimate' Most expensive US jet ever can outfly anything else in the sky so long as it doesn't have to do it for longer than one hour and 42 minutes. After that, it can become a sitting duck. In 2006, the big joke among Israeli leaders was  putting Gaza on a diet (get it?). They're still  laughing.' Two Uyghurs shot dead by Chinese police' Seven religious minority members face execution in Iran' Sudanese girls to get 10 lashes for wearing trousers.' Torture and Massacre of 2,000 at Afghan Prison May Have US Ties.  Obama Calls for Probe.  (Vid)' Kim Jongil has pancreatic cancer according to South Korean TV' A new line of bottled water  this time not from the melting Alps, but rather from the contaminated ground near the site of the 1984 Bhopal catastrophe  scared Dow Chemical's London management team into hiding today. Hindus criticize Pope for being harsh on atheists' Israelis set fire and destroy 37 Acres of Palestinian owned land in southern West Bank' 12 Mexican military officials tortured, killed' Al Qaeda vows revenge on China after riots' Lieutenant Mark Evison, who died in May from wounds received in Afghanistan, kept a remarkable journal  published here for the first time  about the harsh realities of fighting in Helmand.' Site tells you what you should be scared of today (according to the media)' Israel's commandeering of the Spirit last week shares a lot in common with the acts of piracy the Spirit's unarmed passengers traveled on the high seas, uncertain if they would live or die when the Israeli navy surrounded them & took them prisoners. But do Israel's actions constitute piracy? Yes. Mainstream Chinese Viewpoint  Uighur Riots' Egyptian jailed for three years for insulting President Hosni Mubarak in a poem' Double standard.  Egypt stops Gazabound aid convoy.  Nobody except the Iranians care' Spanish nobles rebel over inheritance law that will allow Women to claim titles from male relatives' Why US diplomats are visiting Israeli settlers' Life on Planet Uighur (Photos) ' Rich Cause the Crisis, Workers Get the Blame' Bermuda, with its pastelcoloured homes overlooking the turquoise waters of the Atlantic Ocean, is now home to 4 Chinese Uighurs who were released from Guantanamo Bay after 7 years inside' Two Israeli warships have sailed through the Suez Canal; Israeli media described the passage of the two Saar class missile boats as a message to Iran. ' The disaster of (American) Indian health care' Lithuania backs bill  to restrict information to children' Demjanjuk Charged with 27,900 Murders' C.I.A. Had Plan to Assassinate Qaeda Leaders' Iran Hangs 13 Members of Rebel Sunni Muslim Group' Report After brutal police rule, Taliban 'welcomed as liberators' Love and candy Hamas says Israel distributing aphrodisiac gum in Gaza' Iran reform leader to set up political front' Earthquake M7.8 off West coast of South Island New Zealand  Tsunami warning' Incredible! The Israel Project, a nonprofit with headquarters in D.C., has issued a Global Language Dictionary (authored by Republican pollster Frank Luntz) that tells journalists how to talk about the IsraelPalestine conflict. Newspeak much?' Testimonies An Israeli sniper killed a Palestinian  man in order to mark a score with his gun.  Soldiers fired at houses out of boredom. A  commander expressed satisfaction that Gaza  hospitals were full.'  Russian activist 'found murdered' Israel drops charges against an Israeli settler caught on film shooting at two Palestinians in the West Bank.  Reason Prosecution may result in harm Israel's security. Israel soldiers speak out on Gaza conflict' Israeli soldiers reveal the brutal truth of Gaza  attack ' Israeli soldiers admit widespread abuses were committed by the army against civilians during the assualt on Gaza' Not only has China ended its dependence on food aid, but almost overnight it has become the worlds third largest food aid donor!' 'Open fire and don't ask questions'  Human rights  group Breaking the Silence hears Israeli soldiers  describe human shield and 'shoot first' policies  during the recent conflict in Gaza ExIsrael troops Army used reckless force in Gaza' Former Liberian president and blood diamond profiteer facing war crimes court for murder, rape, terrorism I fought corruption' India to issue 1.2 billion new biometric ID cards' Russia murders another human rights activist' Everyone is your enemy, Israeli soldiers in Gaza told;  admit Palestinians forced to serve as human shields ' Mandatory Swine Flu Vaccination Alert' Debate in Iceland on whether or not to join the EU rages on' Tony Blair backed to be Europe's first president A poster promoting Israel as a tourist venue has been banned in the UK after it appeared to suggest areas such as the Gaza Strip were internationally recognised as part of its territory' Israel troops speak out on Gaza warnSoldiers were ordered to shoot first and worry later. ' Gaza war order was shoot first, some Israeli troops say' ICRC Israel Traps Gazans in Deprivation and Despair' UK Government aims to decrease illegal filesharing by 80% by 2011' 168 Feared Dead After Plane Crashes in Iran...' Tsunami alert after NZ earthquake' Professional snipers have been brought in to guard a vulnerable colony of penguins in Australia.' Natalia Estemirova, a lifelong human rights campaigner, was kidnapped from her home yesterday morning.  Today she was found dead, left on a road with bullet wounds to the head and chest.' DOJ Pressured to probe why Bush White House blocked three different probes into war crimes in Afghanistan where as many as 2,000 surrendered Taliban fighters were reportedly suffocated in container trucks and then buried in a mass grave by Afghan and U.S. forces.' Iceland votes to join EU.' The second life of a US Army deserter who switched to the North Korean side' New Zealand gov't proposes a new 3 strikes process for P2P users after its first attempt failed; invites public comment' 91% of Chinese citizens worth 100 million yuan ($14.6 million) or more are children of highlevel Communist Party officials.' If you work with kids you must pay a fine for being a 'potential pedophile'. Whatever your occupation, from being a school teacher to a bus driver you are a Potential Pedophile (tm) Indian tiger park 'has no tigers' Kids TV praises Gaza mom's suicide bombing Human rights activist Natalya Estemirova abducted and shot to death in Chechnya' Often on drugs, wearing fetishes they believed made them impervious to bullets, and garbed in costumes ranging from noveltystore fright masks to wigs and womens bathrobes, these murderous adolescents raped, pillaged, and slaughtered at will.' Al Jazeera shows how it's done. Again. Both sides of the story and no pandering to the Israelis. Western news services could learn a thing or hundred about how keeping Israelis on message weakens their propaganda. With the war over, Sri Lanka's government could have claimed the moral high ground. Instead it has clamped down hard. Around 300,000 civilians remain interned without trial in welfare centres that are concentration camps in all but name.' Potter actor admits drug charge ... police found shots of [cannabis] plants ... after he was arrested for taking a picture of officers ...' Iran plane black boxes 'damaged' (New translation; more info) Honduras coup made in USA  the evidence' A mysterious glob of unknown material up to 12 miles long has appeared off Alaska's northern coast.   The Man Behind The Massacre at Shibarghan' Dog wet nurse saves panda cubs in China ' Tony Blair would be an awful EU president' Kremlinbacked Chechen president blamed for kidnapping and murder of Award Winning Activist' Mexico rejects peace deal with cartels ' Iceland will apply to join the EU' Moon Walkers  The 40th Anniversary of the Moon Landing' US troops and contractors caused substantial damage to the archeological site at Babylon, a city considered as one of the first civilizations on earth.' Kill IE6, for the sake of the web expert' Rafsanjani  Don't let our enemies laugh at us by putting people in prison' The World Health Organisation said on Friday that the H1N1 flu pandemic is moving around the globe at an unprecedented speed as it stopped giving figures on numbers affected.' Retirement homes planned for Swiss junkies' A white supremacist whose plot to bomb nonBritish people included shrapnel bombs disguised as tennis balls was found guilty of terrorism in London' Tehran's streets erupt after a key cleric speaks AFGHANISTAN Opium eases my pain, keeps my children quiet' Olmert gives his prescription for how the US can ensure lasting peace between Israel and Palestine Stop paying attention to the settlements.' The high cost of sex work in southern Africa' Islam Times  Hamas PM Haniyeh Jews are not our enemy' The number of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails reached up to 9,600, including 345 children and 85 women, a Palestinian researcher said in a statistical report on Wednesday.' US military silent on Bagram jail protest. The prisoners at the largest US prison in Afghanistan have refused to leave their cells for the past two weeks to shower or exercise to protest against their indefinite imprisonment.' CIA Israel will fall in 20 years' Britain backs call for Israeli settlement freezen' Iranian police teargas protesters during prayer' After one of their top men was arrested last weekend, gunmen from Mexico's La Familia cartel went on a rampage, shooting up police stations and leaving 12 federal officers in a pile alongside a highway. Now it's offering a truce, but the Mexican government says, No thanks.' Iran's defeated presidential candidate Karroubi attacked on way to prayers by plainclothed men Security Forces Fire Tear Gas at protesters in Iran' Brit Police again show what kind of clueless fascists they are Minority Report and Precrime arrives via a Facebook events page  for a BBQ' $5000 Recycled Paper House comes complete with plumbing and basic facilities. ' Afghanistan 'We are fighting ghost soldiers'  How does a developed country like Germany have a poverty rate of over 30%!!! ' CTV.ca | Vaccine may teach body to fight off lung cancer | world trials now for Canadian invented vaccine' (Afghanistan) How many more will die in vain before we withdraw? The attempt to exploit soldiers' deaths to win support for the shameful war in Afghanistan thankfully isn't working. Protests reignited as 1 million people return to the streets of Tehran' Walter Cronkite died today at the age of 92' Oldest WWI veteran dies aged 113 ' Indian Prime minister can't sleep at night because rich boys Ferraris screaming up and down the roads outside. The Xinjiang Riots Not since the dying days of the Manchu Qing empire has China witnessed this sort of spontaneous ethnicallybased violence' Zelaya planned to raise minimum wage. COHEP (Honduran National Business Council) opposes higher minimum wage. Zelaya removed. COHEP now opposes trade sanctions against current regime because it will hurt the poor, but still opposes minimum wage rise in nation with 70% living in poverty.' Oldest living man, 113 year old WW1 veteran. He attributes his longevity to cigarettes, whisky and wild, wild women  and a sense of humour' Belgian tax agency using facebook (among others) to see who needs investigating for spending more than they say they earn' Thailand needs a better rice policy to help their own farmers' Too much American news spam on the World news reddit' A SWAZI man was stoned to death by a mob of schoolchildren after he stabbed a 13yearold girl to death with a spear and wounded 12 others at their school.' West still silent over Falun Gong 10year persecution' Calling Jews Nazis may be criminalised' First commercial pig farm worker in Britain contracts swine flu  Worldnews.com' Israeli Settlers Rebuilding Evacuated Settlement, Naming it After Obama....Even better, they compare him to the Biblical Pharaoh of the book of Exodus who kept the Jewish people in bondage......' Update from Switzerland Regarding the Illegal Government Contract with Microsoft' Powerful Iranian cleric says country in crisis' Mauritania has suffered 5 military coups in the last 50 years, but some see upcoming elections as chance to break the cycle Its about putting an end to 30 years of illegal occupation of power by the military' Four Indonesian airlines allowed back into Europe; Zambia, Kazakhstan banned' Arab summer camp kids forced by Israeli police to remove their camp tshirts, visit holy site shirtless, and find out that only in movies do the scrappy camp underdogs overcome superior finances and arrogant elitism' Iran hardliners turn on critical cleric  Rafsanjani accused of 'sowing discordy questioning election results Human rights lawyer detained as Iran unrest spirals' Prayers answered, as Kenyan mosque jams mobile phone signal to stop interruptions.' France Surrenders to Ahmadinejad' Nelson Mandela's 91st birthday party  text and video War Crimes? There were 300 of us in my container. By the time we arrived in Sheberghan, only ten of us were alive they shot into the containers [to make air holes]. Blood came pouring out get rid of them [the bodies] before satellite pictures could be taken' The Rape of Taraneh  Prison Abuse of Iran's Protesters Israel backs East Jerusalem housing construction despite U.S. opposition  Netanyahu says Jews have the right to build in East Jerusalem. Palestinians consider the land part of their future state.' $10 billion Saudi fraud claim  A respected business family claims it has fallen victim to a spectacular swindle ' [In Pictures] 6 months after the war ended, the population in Gaza is dying slowly because of the blockade imposed by Apartheid Israel.' U.N. is not going to name the culprits in the Bhutto Assassination, which many respected researchers say was the work of the CIA assassination units run by Cheney' Ten Mexican police officers have been detained in connection with the torture and murder of 12 federal agents during a major escalation in the drug war' Starbucks to Start Selling Beer Can I have a Venti?' This is rich! A US military spokesman in Kabul condemned the video as propaganda and a breach of the rules of war.' IDF booklet Every real Arab, deep inside, is kind of a fan of the Nazis.' Could Dick Cheney go to prison?' China's security forces admit to killing Uighurs in riot  Most Germans want grand coalition to end; 56 percent have had enough CDU/SPD' nLife in Israel is just peachy, thank you, and who wants to think about peace, negotiations, withdrawals, the price to be paid and all the unnecessary mess? ' Israel defies US over settlement' Mandela Day launched as antiapartheid icon turns 91' Iran's hardliners still doing the only thing they know what to do  roundup the opposition  During my previous tenure I built thousands of housing units in the [East] Jerusalem neighborhood of Har Homa, and I went against the world. Therefore, it is clear that in the present situation I will not cave in.' Jewish Doctor in LA using bingo money taken from impoverished Americans to fund settlers who steal land from Palestinians....' Basiji militia member I wed the girls before their execution' North Cyprus celebrates peace, calls for solution  Hrriyet Daily News and Economic Review' Extreme jigsaw Police putting together a severed head to identify bombing suspect' Israel Rejects U.S. Call on East Jerusalem Development' At least 16 civilians have been killed and five wounded after a helicopter crashed near a military base in southern Afghanistan' Passing Oceania' Dear FSM, this is fucking terrible [sad]' Sordid reality behind Dubai's gilded facade Construction halted, westerners jailed for adultery  but prostitutes do well  Tourists warned of Thailand airport scam ' Ariel Sharon got on Israeli radio and urged Israelis to settle more land fast. Grab the hilltops, and stake your claim, he said. Everything we don't grab will go to them.' The high cost of discount counterfeits In a sweatshop in Thailand, children were found assembling leather purses. Horrifyingly, their limbs had been deliberately broken to keep them from escaping.' Bosnian Serb cousins convicted of burning 119 Muslims alive' What democracy looks like? Not that I like those Taliban chaps, but dude, I think you're doing it wrong. July bloodiest month for USled troops. What are we really doing in Afghanistan, can anyone give me a reason !' while Nazi leader Adolf Hitler operated from headquarters encased in layers of concrete, Churchill and his staff were sleeping in rooms only 10 feet below ground' The Onion has been sold to the Chinese Government.' Last Friday the Chinese government confiscated the computers of lawyers at the Open Constitution Initiative, best known for its pro bono work on behalf of the victims of last year's tainted milk scandal. French Interior Ministry requests news blackout as violence in the suburbs reaches record levels' Iran's supreme leader warns Iran's elite to back down  Poll Pirates close in on Riksdag;  Pirate Party gaining traction in Sweden' The terrorist threat to the UK has been lowered from severe to substantial, the lowest level for three years.' Questioning the Good War Is Obama's Afghan strategy realistic?' Dear reddit The recession was not caused by a spectacular failure of capitalism or economics. Just though you should know.' Bill outlawing antiIsrael protest nears approvaln' The NeoNazis of Mongolia Swastikas Against China' Of more concern to South Korea is the kidnapping by North Korea of one of its businessmen in March. North Korea claims that the man, identified only as Mr Yu, tried to lure a North Korean female worker to the south and insulted the North Korean regime.' 259Car Autobahn PileUp Largest In German History  with video' A US military review is to recommend an overhaul of the entire Afghan prison and judicial systems' Vatican launches inquiry into 'abusive' religious order Orthodox Jews riot as mother is accused of starving her child  Times Online' Massive motorway crash in Germany' 'Hello mum, this is going to be hard for you to read ...' Columbus wasn't the first; Experts confirm that Medieval map depicting America is authentic 22 year old alcoholic in england is refused liver transplant. This a good thing. A line has to be drawn somewhere. I draw it here and I'm not going to feel bad about my lack of sympathy. Iran protests continue citizens trigger blackouts by turning on appliances all at once.' Israel to demolish 23 illegal settlements in one day' UAE tries to spy on its own residents  using an unauthorised Blackberry update from the state owned telecommunications provider!' Rapes by children under spotlight Police in Scotland have brought almost 500 rape charges against children and teenagers under the age of 18 in the past five years.' Who is really running Russia?' Man bursts into flames after being shot by police with a taser' International journalists arrested & clubbed for filming seal slaughter in Namibia, still being detained... ' When is a vote too dangerous to exercise?  The UN urges Iraqi Kurds not to push for a referendum on whether the Kirkuk oil area should be part of their northern enclave, saying such a vote would ignite conflict.' Western mineral firms fuel violence in Congo by failing to check the source of the metals that go to their smelters' Population of older people set to surpass number of children' Jordan, Russia renew rejection of Israeli settlement' Denying the facts. The problem of Berlusconi now is to hide the evidence. Italian televisions do the job quite well, for the last free newspapers and the web soon a law will be done to silence them.' Notquite fairytale romance Malay prince sues Indonesian wife' A U.N. tribunal convicted two Serb cousins Monday of having burned alive more than 100 Muslims in what the presiding judge called a part of the wretched history of man's inhumanity to man.' Biggest Diamond Heist If you cant prove that the diamonds are stolen, then you would logically have to give them back.' Oldest UK television discovered ' Ali Khamenei warns of 'collapse' after Iran referendum calls US teen pregnancy and syphilis rates rose sharply during George Bush's presidency, Centres for Disease Control finds | ttttWorld news | ttttguardian.co.uk Riot police are taking dozens of protesters into their cars and they are taking them away.' Leszek Kolakowski dies at 81; exiled Polish philosopher ' When You Are Really Hungry You Eat Anything You Get  These Videos are the proof of it' Uruguay is going Green! ' Israeli cell phone ad shows friendly game of IsraeliPalestinian football over the Wall.  Palestinians test it out; kick ball over wall.  Salvo of tear gas grenades fired in return.   Includes video.   LOL. ' Chevron getting hit with $27B fine for destroying Ecuador's rain forest Chevron has no plans to pay it Human rights activist Natalia Estemirova was the conscience of Chechnya. Tuesday morning, as she walked out of her house, she was dragged into an unmarked white Lada, screaming vainly for help.' Israel cuts 1948 'catastrophe' from Arabic textbooks Darkness envelops Asia during total eclipse' Amnesty Saudi Arabia is holding more than 3,000 people in secret detention and has used torture to extract confessions' Because of ethnocentric Israeli land ownership  laws, most Arabs can't buy most homes in West  Jerusalem, despite Netanyahu's claims to the  contrary, made in response to the U.S. request to  halt a Jewish construction project in East Jerusalem. Amnesty International has strongly criticised Saudi Arabia over abuses allegedly committed under its counterterrorism program.' France has summoned the Israeli ambassador in Paris to demand a halt of Jewish settlement in east Jerusalem' Israel leaves the inhabitants of the West bank thirsty while on the other side of the fences Palestinians see green lawns and sprinklers irrigating the whole day' The longest solar eclipse of the century  The Big Picture  Boston.com' Iran VP pick too friendly toward Israel?  Supreme leader orders President Ahmadinejad to dismiss his deputy.' The boy was afraid. He was standing in front of his grandmother's house when police took him to the CID. After three hours he contacted us... Brazil OfficialnReportedly CallsnIsraeli ForeignnMinister a Fascist' Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has reaffirmed his government's five foundations for peacemaking with the Palestinians in a speech to parliament.  Here are the five. No more Namibia China blocks search results for entire country' Israel to declare as state property West Bank land that has emerged as a result of Dead Sea shrinkage' Quake moves New Zealand towards Australia' Georgy Gongadze, an outspoken critic of the Ukrainian government, was kidnapped in September 2000. His decapitated body was found near Kiev two weeks later. Now, a former top Ukrainian interior ministry official has confessed to the crime and implicated other senior Ukrainian officials.' US to escalate military presence in Colombia causing increases in tension with neighbors such as Venezuela, Ecuador, etc.' Israel to use Hitler shot for PR' They want to turn these guys into assassins, a former highlevel intelligence officer told me. They want to go on rumorsnot factsand go for political effect, and thats what the Special Forces Command is really afraid of.' Clinton urges irreversible steps from N. Korea  Pyongyang is told to dismantle main reactor, surrender plutonium stockpile' Ahmadinejad creating a rift with Supreme Leader over inlaw vice president' Study Mexican immigration to U.S. drops ' New Jersey mayors and rabbis arrested for involvement in international moneylaundering conspiracy' South Korean unions prepare for general strike If media is controlled by large conglomerates and capital, then there is no hope for democracy in the South Korea.' Fouryearold Samar Abed Rabbu was paralyzed and lost her two sisters during Israel's offensive in Gaza last December and January. Her family claims to have been waving a white flag while IDF shot at them. Swine flu  Country by Country' One cleric's legacy of peace Dutch return severed head of Ghana chief' The new Nepalese government has announced its intent to award $1270 to couples in intercaste marriages, and $635 to couples when a widow remarries, a plan that has been welcomed by some caste activists, but opposed by women's rights groups. Iceland submits EU membership bid' Israel on 'collision course' with Washington  report BRUSSELS  Belgian authorities say three inmates made a dramatic escape from prison by helicopter.' North Korea calls Clinton vulgar, unintelligent' Israel bans the word nakba from Arab children's textbooks.  Palestinian arrested [by Israel] after testifying in Geneva' Gaza Graffiti | The Sitch' Fuzzy Wuzzy Angels officially recognised' Violence in South Africa's townships has spread as residents protest about what they say is a lack of basic services, such as water and housing. Tokelau aims for 100% renewable energy' Paralysed girl's story reflects Gaza's plight Radio has pushed conflict and genocide in Bosnia, Kenya, Pakistan and  most notably  Rwanda, where Radio Mille Collines urged on massacres with phrases like killing the cockroaches. But as anybody with experience of the problem confirms, neutralising hate radio is not so simple.' Moscow under redevelopment  shame about the architectural heritage' One of Osama Bin Laden's sons is believed to have been killed by a US missile strike in Pakistan earlier this year Murders, rapes and major internal displacement in the Democratic Republic of Congo have been linked to a number of multinational companies ...' 12 Israelis nabbed for US lottery fraud' Big turnout expected in hotly contested Iraqi Kurdistan vote' About 100,000 people caught swine flu in England  last week  government information website  overwhelmed' 26/11 Mumbai Attacks  Documentary footage with never before seen video. The world MUST see this.' Blind rescue dog has 'guide dog' Netanyahu, battling Obama, says that everyone in Israel has the right to live in Jerusalem.  But Israeli Court ruled otherwise  Arab can't rent on ruins of his family home, because that's not the 'Ara part of town.   North Korea accused of testing biological / chemical weapons on children' WikiLeaks victorious over corruption report gag order' Archaeologists have found five wellpreserved Roman shipwrecks deep under the sea off a small Mediterranean island, with their cargo of vases, pots and other objects largely intact.' One of the incriminating tapes of Italy's PM Silvio Berlusconi may claim that an artificial lake on his Sardinian estate was built over 30 Phoenician tombs from 300 BCE. A necropolis under the estate would be evidence of Phoenician settlement in an area where none was thought to have taken place.' Two new Mozart works discovered by foundation' Russian telecom executives testify that Skype, which coincidentally provides competitive services at a lower rate than traditional telecom businesses, is a national security threat to Russia. ' Sex offender register breaches paedophiles' human rights, say judges! Now government urges Chinese   to have second child ' Iranian Supreme Leader orders dismissal of Ahmadinejad's choice for VP Momentum Shifts to Iran's Reformers.  Let not forget the peoples continuing struggle only because a revolution didn't happen in days. North Korea Executes Christian For Distributing Bible' Israel's foreign minister uses Hitler photo to link Palestinians and Nazis Ahmadinejad caves to hardliners, drops VP' Israeli Arabs struggle for land  Does this prove the Israel is a racist state?' More than 40 people, including politicians, officials and several rabbis have been arrested in a major FBI operation in the US.  ' In Russia, the Skype is Falling  Robert Amsterdam' All parents to sign ehaviour contracts' Hamas grows up,Shifts From Rockets to Culture War, Israel should be very worried, Gaza War may be worst mistake in History of Israel.' Iceland formally applies for EU membership, hopes to join within 3 years' DrugDealing for Jesus Mexico's Evangelical Narcos After Israel's housing minister called on Jews to move to the north of the country to stop what he described as the spread of Arabs there, the BBC's Katya Adler reports on the struggle for land in the area.' Female police hottie named Alison Minards had an all night sex orgy with 4 fellow police officers and it was all captured on cell phone cameras, UK media say.' It's OK for Israel to compare Iran to Nazi Germany, but if you compare Zionists to Nazis you could go to jail North Korea is stepping up executions of Christians with some killings taking place in public.'   Ri Hyon Ok, mother of three, Publicly Executed in North Korea for Distributing Bible' The film Israel does not want you to see  Rachel' Family learned over Internet that son was killed' Ireland's largest ISP to punish its own customers  with throttling and disconnections. They will  subsequently lose these customers to competing  ISPs that have refused to engage in such tactics. Honduras Employers force employees to join procoup marches, then order them to work an extra day to make up for lost time' A great man has died' Turkish navy commandos capture five pirates off Somalia ' Israel has handed control over much of a key Palestinian area... to hardline settler groups in a creeping takeover kept away from public scrutiny' China launches Arabic TV channel' South Korea wants to gag the noisy internet rabble' India At least 100 boys or girls every year are being murdered or forced to commit suicide due to love affairs in the state. ' China Allows Second Child As Shanghai Tweaks OneChild Policy' Living deep in the forest with no transportation and little money, he noted, We dont have a way to go to the grocery store for rice and beans to supplement what is missing.' Indian Scientists Debunk Global Warming Refuse to cut emissions.' Mexico's organized crime offensive against law enforcement agents and government officials reached a new high Friday after armed gangs killed 26 people, including police and other officials. Governments in the US, EU, and Canada Talk About Digital Freedom' North Korea publicly executes Christian woman for distributing the Bible.' One person has been sentenced to life in prison and eight others to jail in Burundi over the murder of over a dozen albinos whose remains were sold for witchcraft.' Indonesians flock to illegal gold mines' North Korea & Burma Axis of Weasels' Catacombs could house flu victims. It looks like the Exeter City Council has never seen a horror movie before.' Audi stop development on a diesel supercar... because americans are too dumb to buy diesels. ' Naked girls plow fields for rain to 'annoy' the gods. I think they'd be rather pleased. Ferrari F1 Driver Felipe Massa in critical condition after this accident [see coil enter shot at ~029 of video]' 23yrs old Saudi Arabian to be executed for talking about sex. ' India launches nuclear submarine ' World hunger reaches the 1 billion people mark' Vitiligo  black man turning white' Meet all 188 British forces personnel killed in Afghanistan ' Torture  new claim of secret UK complicity' In Afghanistan, Marines are bracing for a fight against guerrillas who, they discovered in June, are surprisingly proficient at tactics the Marines themselves learned in infantry school.' Cruise ship enters Vancouver port with a whale stuck under its bow.' Iran's Opposition Calls Crackdown Immoral' Iran vows to hit Israel's atomic sites if attacked Honduran police join general strike against current regime' Thousands of Chinese steel workers riot, beating one manager to death' The strange psychedelic adventure of Radovan Karadzic, the world's most hunted war criminal Universal Healthcare is not a panacea control of costs is still needed. Status in Australia. ' Palestinians ask Canada to seize Dead Sea Scrolls The exhibition at the ROM contains artifacts 'illegally acquiredy Israel when it annexed East Jerusalem in the 1967 war. Can a child soldier be a refugee? Child soldiers from Liberia rape another Liberian child in Phoenix, 14 year old to be tried as an adult.' Americans doing more harm than good in Pakistan' Wildfires on Mediterranean coast (pictures)' Last British WW1 veteran dies  World' Millionaire peer claimed over 20,000 in allowances by saying that a small rented flat occupied by his brother is his main home. Last week he could not even remember its address' Pakistan arrests influential proTaliban cleric  His arrest is a sign the government will no longer negotiate with militants' Obama administration steps up diplomatic push to  revive Middle East peace process' Billions in marijuana and ecstasy flow across Canadian border.' IsraelUN spat over Syria ias' To fool the parents of the victims, the children were taken away on school trips and their parents were later told the xrays were a treatment for the scourge of scalpal ringworm. 6,000 of the children died shortly after...?' After being kidnapped at the age of 16 by a group of thugs and enduring a year of rapes and beatings, Assiya Rafiq was delivered to the police and thought her problems were over.nnThen, she said, four police officers took turns raping her.' The future Iran. The protest continues and the regime seems more and more weak. But whatever will happen, the demonstrations changed forever western opinion of the country' Private steel manufacturer in China decides to take a stake in a state manufacturer. An executive announces that 25,000 jobs will be cut. Protesters promptly beat him to death.' An African nation of 3 million people successfully breaks up Al Qaeda cells. Not through wars, but police work. Who'd have thought? The Death of Handwriting' Rabbi Rosenbaum was the US broker for an international organ trafficking network  he would threaten donors with a pistol if they tried to back out' College degrees/grades are stolen and sold to underachievers seeking new identities and better job prospects in China.' The limits of freedom In theory we are free to say  what we like in Israel, but the reality can be quite  different' So I noticed Barry Chamish's wacky five year old ringworm conspiracy theory hit the front page to much acclaim, well, here is another jewel of his. Northern Nigeria 150 have been killed in two days by Islamist militants.' Poor students with good grades get identities stolen and lives ruined in China' Germany closes two brothels that offered unlimited sex for one low flatrate due to poor hygiene & sanitary standards' China Plans To Take Over The World China owns $2.2 trillion in Treasuries and other foreign paper, uses these to buy companies, land, natural resources, etc. ' Iranians have to sort out their problems on their own' Honduras Micheletti appoints death squad veteran' A Saudi man who boasted about his sexual conquests on an Arabic TV station has tearfully apologised as calls mounted for him to be punished.' The women who clear Sudan's minefields Palestinian Martyrs Threaten Bruno' US to increase funding for 'hacktivists' aiding Iran Israeli Settlers Rally Obama racist; his regime will fall ' Oh the irony Jews protest Arab construction in Israel' Russian Serious With Action Against Convicted Monopolist Microsoft' One Sixth of Humanity Is Hungry  UN' Skype singled out as threat to Russia's securityn British police wants DNA database of everyone who has been arrested, but not convicted of a crime. They argue that innocent people who have been arrested are as likely to commit crimes in the future as guilty people...WTF!?' The lives of women are secondary in Nicaragua there is a total ban on abortion.  Women and girls are denied treatments for cancer, malaria, pregnancy complications, HIV, etc that may harm their fetus.  Rape victims must carry pregnancies to term.  Ban disproportionately affects the poor.' For the first time in its history British Army magazine features openly gay soldier on cover next to word 'Pride' Greece prevented it from joining the United Nations, imposed an economic blockade that nearly strangled the fledgling country, vetoed the country's bid to join NATO last year and is blocking its admission to the European Union until it changes its name. 17 year old girl given life sentence in Canada (tried as an adult) for ordering stabbing death of 15 year old girl. ' FOXNews Egypt annexes Iraq' Female British police issued headscarves, so as to not offend muslims. Sigh. ' Nigerian Taliban kill 200 since Sunday in their fight to stop the spread of western ideas Like saying the world is a sphere' German brothels learn something from allyoucaneat restaurants, offering customers the chance to sleep with as many prostitutes as they like for a single fee.' The unprecedented trial without jury of four men for armed robbery will begin in January' Video of the 19 year old shot in Honduras during unarmed protests [GRAPHIC] [NSFW] ' In Havana, U.S. turns off sign critical of Cuban government ' Iran supreme leader closes prison over alleged abuses of postelection detainees' Reprieve, a Britishbased legal rights group, has begun legal action against the UK government for allowing the illegal transfer of a terrorism suspect from Indonesia to Egypt where they say he was tortured for three months before being moved to Gitmo.' Oh, so that's how you keep your job... Apparently that free milk you had in school was actually very good for you..' There are different kinds of victims. People love crime news, but italian media don't speak very much of mafia murders. And that's exactly what mobsters need to continue their work Britain to withdraw last forces from Iraq  Iraqi parliament fails to pass deal for troops to protect oil, help in training' Fox News redraws the map of the Middle East.' MoD seeks to cut soldiers' payout, sick, sick, sick mindset unfuckingreal! 400 killed in Nigerian violence' A father and his two sons who made up to 7m from a pirate DVD scam have been jailed for six years each' The Pirate Bay gets sued. Again.' Cheesemakers in space flight bid' Iran's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has ordered the closure of a jail holding protesters detained after last month's disputed presidential election; officials say the authorities are still holding about 300 out of a total of up to 2,000 protesters, political activists and journalists arrested. Mum drags daughter onto faux lie detector test on live radio, to ask her if she has skipped school/had sex. She reveals to Australia previous rape experience at 12 years old. ' WTF. Albino children are being hunted. I couldn't get through this without crying (The Big PictureBoston.com) 2/3 Swedish physicians consider neonatal circumcision an assault The opposing doctors said they did not perform circumcisions unless the procedure was deemed medically necessary. Otherwise, they viewed the procedure as barbaric and akin to unnecessary female circumcision' Contrary to what you may have heard, Islam is not going to take over the Netherlands. The number of Muslims has declined by 25.000 in 3 year. Only 35% of them visit the Mosque at least once a month, as opposed to 47% in 1998.' Jewish group urges Ontario to review antisemite online postings  all while Israel recruits army of bloggers to flood antiwar websites with hateful views & comments. Bigotry at its best Selective freedom of speech is no freedom of speech at all.' The big lie of Afghanistan So far, Obama has pursued the same policy as Bush in Afghanistan. My country hasn't been liberated it's still under the warlords' control, and Nato occupation only reinforces their power.' Death toll in Iran protests may be in hundreds, as battered bodies are released to families.  Even conservatives angry.' 10,000 Uighurs disappeared during unrest in China, exiled leader claims' One of their mischievous acts was to test how long a Palestinian who was being choked could survive without breathing.' With the country neckdeep in a recession, young Japanese women are increasingly turning to hostessing.' Brazilian soccer player Ronaldo will take part in a film about a Palestinian girl who hoped to meet him but was killed by a land mine before she could fulfill her dream' Bribery and fraud at heart of defense contracting work in Iraq and Afghanistan' Australian racist kills Chinese person who ?? looked Indian (picture included). ' Calls to downsize chocolate bars (your ration has been increased!)' Chavez 'will freeze' ties with Colombia and withdraw his nation's ambassador from Bogota A Man who allegedly bilked his clients out of 50 million dollars in a ponzi scheme, released from custody on a $30,000 bail.  Yeah, that should keep him in Canada.  Justice Canadian style! ' All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing  NZ National Party votes against ban on slave labour imports' US envoy fails to ensure Israel settlement freeze' 15 year old girl used sexual blackmail to get her 17 year old boyfriend to murder a 14 year old girl that she was jealous of and who she had never met.  ' 22 killed by heavy rain in China' Car Bomb Explodes in Spanish City of Burgos, Official Says; 40 People Hurt ' Vyacheslav Ivankov, who has been named by the United States as a senior Russian mobster, was shot in the stomach by a sniper as he left a Thai restaurant on Tuesday after apparently mediating between two rival criminal groups.' Honduras US revokes de facto government's visas The number of people killed by those with a mental illness increased between 1997 and 2005, official figures show.' A law firm in Salt Lake City has been charged with conducting...' I'm surprised this hasn't made it higher up on Reddit today... The scale of this bomb that went off in Spain today is incredible! [youtube] 1,200 factory workers in China fall violently ill after a chemical plant opens down the street; Chinese government dubs it mass hysteria, forces local doctors to stop treatment.' TV as Birth Control If there is electricity in every village, then people will watch TV till late at night and then fall asleep. They wont get a chance to produce children ~ India's Health and Family Welfare Minister' Iranian police have fired tear gas and beat antigovernment protesters with batons to disperse thousands attending a memorial at the graveside of Neda Agha Soltan, a young woman who was shot to death at a June 20 to protest the disputed presidential election.' Off duty cop kicks shit out of delivery man (with two other cops). When Khan called for help to bystanders and asked them to call police, Klassen allegedly said We are the police.nn' Canadians cry foul over U.S. healthcare attacks' British Foreign Secretary  Clinton threatened to cutoff intelligencesharing if torture evidence is disclosed' Beluga whale carries struggling diver to surface' The Israeli settlement problem in the West Bank can be solved by making the settlers Palestinian citizens' Another car bomb kills two police in Mallorca, Spain; government rep. says ETA is getting ever more desperate and more dangerous.' Iran security forces retreat as huge numbers of mourners gather at cemetery' Swedish embassy in Germany hosts luncheon for sufferers of celiac disease, which makes you allergic to most wheat products. Would anyone like to hazard a guess what they served?' Malalai Joya The woman who will not be silenced' Witness says Iranian police beat mourners for Neda' Christian evangelist group Hillsong enters public and private schools in Australia, instructing girls as young as 10 to wear makeup and concern themselves solely with their appearance.  ...their ultimate aim is to recruit members to the church.' Russian mafia godfather Vyacheslav Ivankov shot in Moscow' Russia is to begin oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, after signing a deal with Cuba.' Neda Memorial Iranian Mourners Arrested' Tehran Braces for Another Day of Street Battles' Nigerian security forces storm mosque where islamists bent on overthrowing the government and imposing sharia law have been hiding out.' Some rare happiness in Gaza More than 5,000 children gathered on a beach to break a world record on the number of kites flown simultaneously in the same place' Remember the bomb that went off in Spain just yesterday, 200kg of explosive, no deaths?  Well the same fucktards are at it again; second bomb in 24hrs, 2 agents dead.  I am struggling to stay civil.' Police in Northern Ireland to go on patrol wearing cameras' Mexican Authorities to Allow Mobile Phone Calls on  Flight' By the end of the book Einstein has become a strong proponent of a binational state in historic Palestine out of the belief that a system of unequality between Jews and Arabs will only lead to unending conflict.' Bolivia bans all circus animals  New law defines use of animals in circus an act of cruelty. This is the first law of its kind anywhere in the world.' Israel admits white phosphorus use' UK to ban all private transplants of organs ... private payments may unfairly influence access to transplant, so they must be banned.' Arab lack of industrialization partly due to reforms pushed by the World Bank and IMF. In fact, today, Arab countries are less industrialized than they were in 1970....Holy Crap!' Christians in Egypt Are Being Kidnapped and Forcibly Converted to Islam. The Government, Mosques and Muslim Businessmen Are Guilty of Carrying Out And Funding This Modern Slave Trade.' A woman who passed national security information to UK authorities spent six months in fear for her life, after Tiscali published her phone number and address in public directories, despite repeated requests to keep the information secret' Drugmaker Pfizer reached a $75m settlement with Nigeria over trials of meningitis drug Trovan on 200 children that led to the deaths of 11' List of 49 items of information that could be recorded on UK national ID card. ' Doctor Death I dare police to prosecute me; vowed to highlight the hypocritical British system surrounding euthanasia ' Report Land mine contamination vast in Vietnam. Nearly 35 years after the war's end, Vietnamese civilians are still routinely killed and maimed by leftover mines and other explosives. Vietnam estimates that more than 42,000 people have been killed in such accidents since 1975. Italy to allow RU486 abortion drug ' Changes in global CO2 emissions since 2006  courtesy of Google. Well done to the UK, not bad to the US, condolences to Canada...' Your family herds water buffalo. You eat no meat, and live by selling milk. It's a tradition your people have carried on for at least 1,500 years. And now the government is saying you're a threat to the environment. Meet the Van Gujjar. A glimpse of the Irish Recession 2009  some 500 people queuing for a sales assistant job.' Hostages to pay the bill after being rescued' Journalist who was arrested in Iran tells of crude jails used to warehouse protesters' He was so hot he 'phfizzed' when firefighters put him in water  and then poked his head out.  Head of  Nigerian Taliban killed in Police custody' Its an extremely complex, explosive situation. See Chad through the eyes of UNICEF Ambassador Ralph Fiennes. ' Protest against sextourism in Ukraine' Governments in Asia and Another City Hall Embrace Free Software' Hacker Loses Bid to Avoid Extradition to U.S.' Aung Sang Suu Kyi verdict postponed The Burmese junta has kept the 64yearold Ms Suu Kyi in detention for nearly 14 of the past 20 years, ever since it refused to recognise the NLD's landslide victory in elections in 1990.  Times Online. German party to start a Nazistyle training center' UK hacker loses extradition fight' Anyone with an interest in China, its economy, its place in the world, or the kind of future it will fashion, please take note This is a big deal.' An Indian court issued a warrant Friday for the arrest of the former head of the American chemical company responsible for a gas leak that killed at least 10,000 people in Bhopal ' Poll shows Americans are more supportive of, or less opposed to, torture than countries such as China, Egypt and Iran.' In South Africa, Lesbians Are Corrected Of Their Homosexuality By Being Gang Raped By Over 30 Men' Colombian soldiers jailed for killing civilians and trying to pass them off as rebel combatants' Six Christians killed over Quran claims  In eastern Pakistan, homes torched over allegations holy book was defiled' WSJ Leader of Hamas said his organization is prepared to cooperate with the U.S. in promoting a peaceful resolution to the ArabIsraeli conflict if the White House can secure an Israeli settlement freeze and a lifting of the economic and military blockade of the Gaza Strip.' On August 1st, 2009, Danzan Ravjaa's treasure chests buried in the Gobi will be unearthed. These treasures were hidden in the Gobi desert  seventy years ago, following the socialist purge in the 1930's. Cuba Air conditioners are shut off in the dead heat. Factories close at peak hours, and workers go without their governmentsubsidized lunches. ' Riot police tackle protestors in Kuala LumpurnTear gas used on crowd of 5,000 led by Anwar Ibrahim demonstrating at laws allowing the government to imprison without trial.' Melbourne Film Festival showing Film by Zhao Liang plight of thousands of Chinese  site targeted by DoS attack of Chinese Origin  Coincidence?' Malaysian police fire tear gas and water cannons and arrest dozens of people during a street protest against a law allowing detention without trial' Nigeria on the brink The killing of an Islamist leader and his followers will not end violence. Only better government can stop the country becoming a failed state' Revered exPhilippines president Cory Aquino dies ' Yemen Gitmo inmate died of asphyxiation' Restaurant patrons ordered not to smoke cigarettes, smoked the owner instead' UK broadband customers are being sold superfast connections that their ISP are unable to achieve; users are struggling with speeds of less than half the rate they signed up to' Vae Victis (Woe to the vanquished). Italy belongs to a economical, political and mafia lobby that never answers to the people for its actions ' Chinese hackers attack film festival site  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)' Employees assume control at London children's home Raythorne said he and his colleagues were prepared to face a police standoff if necessary' Swedes are also among those that spend the least amount of time at work each week, almost an hour below the EU average. ' Pakistani Christians Killed in Religious Unrest' Census Worlds older population will triple by 2050, adding stress to government programs' Fearing the Moonwalk Revolution East German Stasi Spied on Michael Jackson' Lonesome George in his Nineties, has finally come out of his shell and will be a Daddy, ol' timers do have fun.