 SOS from Iceland!' Wikileaks publishes Kaupthing bank's loan information right before Iceland's economic meltdown last October Israel and Palestine Ehud Olmert offered the Palestinians nearly 94% of the West Bank as the basis of their wouldbe state, plus Israeli territory to make up the remaining 6%, plus a safepassage roadcorridor to link Gaza with the West Bank and to internationalise the sovereignty of Jerusalem' Two families, totalling 55 people are kicked out of their homes so Israeli land thieves can move in and take more control of East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu chimed in by saying 'Israels sovereignty over the entire city cannot be challenged. ' A homophobic attack in a gay teen gathering in TelAviv. 2 dead, 10 wounded.' Black riot gear clad Israeli police have evicted nine Palestinian families living in two houses (some for over 50 years) in occupied East Jerusalem.  Jewish settlers moved into the houses almost immediately.' Israel evicts Palestinian families who've been living in their East Jerusalem home since 1956 to build a hotel. The body of Capt. Michael 'Scott' Speicher, the first American lost in the 1991 Persian Gulf War, found in Iraq.   Putin dives to bottom of world's deepest lake U.S. demands autistic hacker from the U.K. British lawmakers plead with Obama to end this shameful episode.' US now Coalition of the One' Clubwielding Israeli riot police evicts 53 Palestinians from their old Jerusalem homes to Jewish settlers who claim they have title deeds for the properties, despite UN and Palestinian denials.' Poisoning Africans so you can buy cheaper Gap and Levi's jeans Former Iranian president Khatami has denounced the trial of around 100 people accused of rioting in the wake of the country's disputed elections A very moving BBC story about North Korean refugees.' Ireland Welcomes Stranded American Troops ' Jewish association claims ownership rights over property in East Jerusalem based on a forged Ottoman era deed. This is upheld by Israeli courts and Palestinian families are evicted.' He said skills such as reading a person's mood and body language were in decline, and that exclusive use of electronic information had a dehumanising effect on community life.' Homeless in Poland, Men Dream of Odyssey ' Fiji On Edge of Banishment From Commonwealth' Pakistan Funny SMSs may land Pakistanis in for a fourteen year prison sentence' Gap Factory a Danger to African Children Illegally Dumping Chemical Waste' Cuban president vows to defend socialism They didn't elect me president to restore capitalism in Cuba, nor to surrender the revolution, Castro said to loud applause. I was elected to defend, maintain and continue perfecting socialism, not to destroy it.' Johnson 'can't stop extradition' Home Secretary Alan Johnson has said he would be breaking the law if he blocked hacker Gary McKinnon's extradition. Blackclad, masked gunman stormed into the Tel Aviv Gay and Lesbian Association building and opened fire on a teenage support group. Two killed. Eight wounded. Mostly minors. ' Chavez shuts down 34 radio stations  says stations and radio waves no longer belong to the bourgeoisie' CIA Documents from the US embassy in Iran were shredded into thin strips and Iranians managed to piece them back together. In 1983 they were published in 54 volumes titled Documents From the U.S. Espionage Den' Woman set to be flogged for wearing pants in Sudan fights back. Her hearing is tomorrow!' Saturday morning in a Christian village in Pakistan, Muslims marched [in] to avenge what they believed was the desecration of a Koran one week earlier. When it was over, dozens of houses were torched... two villagers were shot dead... Five others, including two children, burned alive.' New HIV strain discovered in woman from Cameroon' The Amazing Unseen Hitler Films just found and have not been digitized' The five (US) horsemen of the global financial Apocalypse finally revealed JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, and Morgan Stanley hold 80% of all derivatives risk, and 96% of all business exposure to credit derivatives.' Pneumonic plague outbreak in China' Berlin's luxury car arsonists use slowburning fuses to torch an average of one luxury car per day. More than 170 cars have been destroyed and police confirm conservatively that 93 were politically motivated attacks. Instead of stopping Jewish settlements within the potential Palestinian State, Israeli police evicted two Palestinian families in east Jerusalem on Sunday, then allowed Jewish settlers to move into their homes.' Former Irish president Mary Robinson ulliedy proIsrael lobbyists There's a lot of bullying by certain elements of the Jewish community. They bully people who try to address the severe situation in Gaza and the West Bank. Archbishop Desmond Tutu gets the same criticism.n' NHS stops giving painkillers to back pain patients to save money, now recommending acupuncture or osteopathy instead. Result Thousands just have to live with pain.' Eric Cantor (RVA) sounds more like a PR man for Israel than an American congressman' Iraqi Vice President's guards arrested for $4.8M  bank robbery. Israeli Police Urge Indictment of Foreign Minister Lieberman in Corruption Case' Al Qaeda offers ceasefire in exchange for withdrawal from Afghanistan' Liberia's deputy ambassador will travel to Phoenix in hopes of meeting with the 8year old who was raped by minors then abandoned by her parents. Liberians all over the world are very much outraged and don't want to be stigmatized by this.' Half of the fresh fruit and veg sold across the UK is contaminated with toxic pesticides' Georgia has accused Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of last year's brief war between the two countries approaches. Ahmadinejad and Khamenei kiss and make up at swearingin ceremony, but dozens of parliamentarians and members of the influential Assembly of Experts neglect to attend, signaling their intent to continue protesting.' Plague Kills Second Man in Northwest China as Town Quarantined  Bloomberg.com' Photos show a mystery building in Burma near its Russianconstructed nuclear reactor site; is the junta going go break out with the bomb?' If any Israeli citizen refuses to see his or her country embracing fascism any further, let he or she speak out, speak out loud, and speak out now, without waiting for the next elections' Magnitude 6.9 quake shakes Mexico and California, part of a quake swarm; more to come?' Iran is ready to build an Nbomb  it is just waiting for the Ayatollah's order  says Western Intelligence source. Australian Idol judge fired after teenager's rape revelation live on radio Bill Clinton in North Korea, meets Kim Jongil.' Hamas Again Accepts a Palestinian State on the  1967 Lines' U.S. hunters aim for open season of threatened polar bears  Powerful lobby is suing to overturn the listing under the Endangered Species Act. ' Erik Prince of Xe (Blackwater) Implicated in Killing of Cooperative Govt Witnesses [DKos until org story stabilizes]' Mother and Daughter severely ill after their E Coli was contaminated with British food' Paco, a smokable drug made from bits of cocaine residue mixed with industrial solvents is quickly becoming a problem in Argentina.' This morning, Israeli bulldozers removing electrical poles from small Palestinian village; electricity from project supported by Quartet envoy Tony Blair' The Economist forced to back down over lies on Venezuela and Bolivia' Bill Clinton in North Korea to Seek Release of U.S. Reporters' An Algerian shop owner punches a Chinese migrant worker in the face.  30 minutes later, 100 Algerian residents and Chinese workers clash, armed with knives and rods.' Army of bloggers invading reddit?' Buzz Aldrin reveals that there is a monolith on Phobos, a moon of Mars.  ' Home Office says immigrants need to contribute to UK's democratic life, but antiwar activism could count against you' Trial by jury returns to Japan' The level of health in a country Singapore  1st; over 40 countries ahead of the US including many European states, Canada and Cuba; Angola  last' Texan Zionist Christian says that God sent him to seek oil in Israel and this oildigger believes that God would not give Israel anything less than Arabs have.  John Brown says he is on a divine mission to find oil in the land of milk and honey.' The US is quietly pressing Iraq not to close a camp that holds more than 3,000 members of an Iranian opposition group that served as Saddam Hussein's shock troops. WTF ethics Church of England under pressure over revelation that Vedenta supplies sacred mountain bauxite for India's nuclear missile programme Saudi man could face death for talking sex on TV' Police beat women opposing Sudan dress code trial' Associated Press a Humiliation to SoCalled IP ~~ AP Charges $12.50 To Quote 5 Words ' Assisted suicide law will apply to deaths in Britain and abroad' Mafia boss says Italian government involved with 1992 assassination of antiMob magistrate.' Moscow's Troubles in the Caucasus ongoing ethnic and political tensions between the Caspian Sea and the Black Sea are becoming a threat to the leadership in Moscow.  North Korea's Kim releases U.S. journalists Zambian reporter sends pictures of woman giving birth without medical assistance to health minister. Now she is being accused of distributing porn? WTF?' US Gov't demands the names of 52,000 citizens with secret Swiss bank accounts.  Gets 5000 after threat of nothing at all from Swiss Gov't. Hiroshima  64 years ago tomorrow' Male rape cases and castrations increasing in Congo, though most go unreported due to severe humiliation.' Iran executes 24 in one of largest mass executions in three decades. Iran uses slow hanging to prolong suffering. This is how holy men run a country?' The Israeli government is desperately trying to censor IDF soldiers who are contradicting the governments official story of the Gaza Massacre' Police used teargas to disperse protesters rallying in support of a Sudanese woman facing 40 lashes for wearing trousers in public ' President of Toyota We are fast approaching peak oil when the demand for oil exceeds supply, ' Chinese teenager beaten to death in internet addiction clinic' Losing Patience with Israel Having sacrificed so much in the Middle East, America will not think twice about asking its friendsespecially the one it bankrolls, and which is occupying densely Arabpopulated landto sacrifice, too' Tortured, then Murdered Journalist Found in Shallow Grave near Acapulco, Mexico' World Leaders Refuse to Congratulate Ahmadinejad ' Brazilians Urged to Urinate in Shower' Blackwater Employees Speak Out' 'Muhammad Knows Nothing About Football' Muslims Angered by Verse in German Soccer Club Song A Milton Keynes mother was fined 80 for overstaying her baby's funeral by ten minutes $2,000 for ShiiteSunni couples who marry, as Iraqi government program seeks to mix sects' Israelis have created a homegrown mafia that can give the Russians, Chinese and Albanians a run for the money' Kim Jong Il has pardoned and released two U.S. journalists after meeting with former U.S. President Clinton. Clinton rocks )' Web site tracks world online censorship reports ' Chinese survey finds prostitutes more trusted than officials' Ahmadinejad is sworn in as Iranian president.' ExEmployees Link Blackwater Founder Eric Prince to Murder, Threats' Football Song Written in 1924 in Germany Rouses Protest From Muslims Today ' I am a terrorist, shoot on sight New British ID card, supposedly unhackable and containing very personal information, cloned and modified in minutes' Italy approved the use of RU486, the abortion drug. The Vatican warned of immediate excommunication for doctors prescribing the pill and for women taking it!!' The Israeli government insists that these photos of Bibi Netanyahu visiting the Dimona nuclear plant are not photos of Bibi Netanyahu visting the Dimona nuclear plant' Remember the four Uighars prisoners released from Gitmo to Bermuda after 7 years of captivity? They've scored jobs at the seaside Port Royal course which will host the PGA Grand Slam of Golf in October. Article has photo of them free and happy piloting a golf cart. Remember the Israeli group that a few weeks ago presented testimony from soldiers detailing their abuse of civilians in the Gaza conflict? Israel is putting pressure on donors and governments to stop supporting them.' Lying about Iraq made me quit, British Ministry of Defence press officer claims' Bhopal gas disaster's legacy lives on 25 years later  The company, Sarangi alleges, did not want the drug to be used, because its effectiveness would demonstrate that the poison had gone into the bloodstream. The clinic was quickly closed down by the police. ' More than 50 Muslim leaders repeatedly called Nigeria's police, local authorities and state security to urge them to take action against Boko Haram sect militants but their pleas were ignored. Air France found a problem with reading light wiring on Airbus A340s that could cause an inflight fire, which prompted EASA to release a proposed airworthiness directive today.' If Rupert Murdoch is to make a success of charging for all his papers' content online, expect more attacks on the BBC Remember when the Israeli FM said the US would accept Israeli decision on settlements?  He was right. ' Kurds turn up the heat on Baghdad ' WTF? The U.S. is going to finance oil drilling off the coast of Brazil?' Indonesia may slip to starvation within 5 years Report' Nigeria offers amnesty and a stipend to oil militants willing to give up their weapons and retrain.  The country's main militant groups says, No, thanks.' China seals off plague town' Clinton's high drama Korean mission Sayed Kashua tells the BBC what it is like to being an Israeli Arab and why his own Arab community is finding it hard to laugh at his jokes.' Hong Kong triad boss run down and hacked to bits in front of luxury hotel' Global alert on Mumbai terror suspects' Fox News gives voice to the Journalists shouldnt be in North Korea, caught ones should sit out there sentence in jail and perhaps never come back to America side of the debate.' People trying to flee China plague town' Death by Hanging for two men and a woman convicted of bomb attacks in 2003 at Mumbai, India  ' Baghdad to remove blast walls around neighborhoods ' Major new development  Kremlin City  planned for Moscow island' Unbelievable hypocrisy Islamic hate preacher from the Saudi dictatorship is allowed into the UK (Jews are descendants of rats and pigs, and so on) while elected Dutch antiIslamist parliamentarian from a fellow EU member state is refused entry.' I... I think I was just goatse'd by The Economist. US Kills Five Afghan Cucumber Farmers in Air Strike ' USA Sends Investment Defrauder Bernie Madoff to Jail. China Executes Investment Defrauders.' a friend of mine was threatened with arrest for  having a picnic in Parliament Square, her offence  was the pink icing on her cake which spelt the word  peace.' A police officer who was renowned for his work against London drug dealers was found dead in his flat from a heroin overdose' Not The Onion China lawyer who fought unfair arrest is arrested' UK Government claims that the story about the ID card being hacked in 12 minutes is absolute rubbish ' In kingdom, Saudi prince's coup 'fails'. Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the kingdom's former ambassador to the United States, is reportedly under house arrest over a conspiracy against the monarch.' Clinton deal lowers HIV drug cost in poor nations' How Nixon helped Israel seal its nuclear ambiguity' Heavy metals scandal, Beijing arrests journalists rather than help the sick' 'Hero' Greek woman sets fire to drunken Briton's genitals   Telegraph Malaysia examines Internet filter, tougher controls' We're talking about the Yankees, the most aggressive nation in human history. ' Journalists Entered North Korea, Sister Says' White House says policy toward North Korea unchangedn' Rights group Hamas may have committed war crimes' There has long been a split on the left between rationalists and relativists, between those who are willing to stand up for liberty in all circumstances and those who hide behind cultural relativism and a who are we to judge mentality to avoid doing so' Israel arrests leader of Bilin nonviolent protests  part of ongoing Israeli efforts to end the nonviolent resistance' Attack on Christians a further crisis for Pakistann' Rehabilitated Nobel Prize winner who fell for Hitler' Divisions rock Palestinian Fatah conference first Fatah party conference in 20 years has been extended amid infighting between delegates, some reformists walked out' South Korea Class war in midst of economic crisis  Ssangyong workers occupy plant, win partial victory' A remote, littleknown people are at the center of Chinas worst ethnic violence in decades.' From the CIA  a country by country comparison of account balances. Guess where the USA is...' According the the CIA, Israel account balance is +$1,893,000,000 while US balance is $568,800,000,000 , yet Israel is the country who benefits the most of US foreign aid, plus another approved $30 billion over the next ten years.' ...Nothing less than a full moratorium on fishing in the Mediterranean can save the stocks now.  Tuna Trouble in Europe' Funny or Frightening  Kim Jongil played his first ever round of golf ... and, according to the state media, completed all 18 holes in a mere 34 shots, a score some 25 shots lower than the next best round in history.' Nowdeparted President Bush is a religious  crackpot, an exdrunk of small intellect who got  saved. He never should have been entrusted with  the power to start wars.' After almost 14 years of construction work and $460 million spent, Berlin opens the world's shortest metro line (1.1 mile). A dark day for Chinese liberals What we are witnessing now is a systematic campaign unparalleled since the beginning of the Open Policy in 1978.' Majority of world population face water shortages unless action taken (UNNews)' Holy Crap! Recessionhit Cuba running out of toilet paper' Pictures show daylight 'killing' of suspect by Indian police Terrorism chief causes bomb scare with briefcase' A close associate of Pakistan's most wanted man, Baitullah Mehsud, who was reportedly killed in a US drone attack, has told the BBC he is alive. Blogger targeted possibly by Russian government for blogging on Twitter, Facebook, Google, et al;  We must all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately. Benjamin Franklin ' Iran claims West fomented revolt by providing Twitter, Facebook and translation software. Perhaps this explains the Denial of Service attack on Twitter and Facebook this past week?' Iran puts French woman on trial accused of 'collecting information and provoking rioters' China leads in global green jobs race ' Pro and AntiImmigration Forces Fight Rise of Immigrants in Israel' Global population, estimates and projections (billions)' Taliban rivals in deadly shootout  Potential successor to slain leader may have been killed' tehran times   Iran's 'innovative weaponry' to surprise invaders commander  I think it is a giant goatse sign  Police Seize $2 Million in Counterfeit Currency in Ecuador' The Case for Leaving Iraq  NOW' NORAD's alternate command center illustrated The Irreversible Decline of the Arab (and Muslim) World' Iran Resumes Mass Trial of Activists and Protesters' A 'democratic' country is now banning people from using the road based on their ancestry. Which one is it? Yep, Israel. Article Amnesty International report slams Israel's actions during fighting in Gaza  And now read the comments Israel's cybertrolls at work. Settlers will never be evicted Israel PM' Reuters Happy to Take Traffic the AP Doesn't want Iceland Lessons to be Learned from The Economic Meltdown Gordon Brown is wrong when he says that he and his government have no responsibility in the matter.' Breaking Plane hijacked in China' The poll suggests that more than a million Iraqis have died from the conflict resulting from the U.S. invasion and occupation.' Female sexual abuse The untold story of society's last taboo The story of Sharon, who is now 40 From as far back as she can remember until the day she left home at the age of 16, Sharon, an only child, was sexually abused by her mother.nnnn You often see Palestinian children throwing rocks at the IDF. What you won't see so often is Israeli children throwing rocks at Palestinians while the IDF stands by in armed guard, here an IDF soldier attempts to enforce Israeli law by censoring a video. NEW Bomb Blast Hits Bar In Mallorca, Spain' Today Palestinians fire mortars at Gaza border crossing, while an ambulance carrying a Palestinian cardiac patient to Israel passes through [link to bad translation]' Human trafficking plagues UAE' I Will Kill Muslim Per Day ' New Undersea Cables to Expand Broadband in Africa' the target of the [twitter and facebook] attack appears to have been a single person, a 34 year old economics professor and refugee activist from the Republic of Georgia' Iranian chief of police admits prisoner abuse' A Cold War Ghost Reappears in Honduras' EU hits out at Tehran over trial European nations have strongly criticized the latest trials in Iran over the unrest that followed the disputed presidential election.' The Torrid Romantic Life of Kim Jongil' Briton in Iraqi custody after contractor killings ' Damaging Israeli misquote finally corrected The Palestinians must be made to understand in the deepest recesses of their consciousness that they are a defeated people, the Israeli officer said  or is said to have said.' Baitullah Mehsud said to be alive but Taliban commanders are killing each other to replace him!' Kadky, Turkey told to disown Greek sister city by both the Turkish Interior and Foreign ministries' One dead as Typhoon Morakot slams into China ' A top al Qaeda bomb maker blamed for last month's bombings of two U.S. hotels in Jakarta was believed captured or killed in a gunfight with police. Malaysia's braindamaged government declares  H1N1 flu is caused by masturbation and  homosexuality. Congo is a tragedy for reasons that many know well  5 million have died since 1998, thousands gangraped, and nearly 2 million displaced. It's also a vast, organized scam. If Clinton doesn't address the scam, the suffering will not end. If it prevents sheep from dying, why the protest over mulesing? Yes I had to google mulesing.' Major Quake (7.6) Hits Off India's Andaman Islands Triggering Tsunami Watches for India, Burma, Indonesia, Thailand, and Bangladesh. Refuting statistics  BBC explains the real numbers behind YouTube's popular 'Muslim Demographics' video. Hugo Chavez claims Columbian army crossed into Venezuela, calls troops to the border' Iran admits election demonstrators were tortured' Haiti 10,000 employees occupy sweatshops and march on Parliament. The bosses fled the factory in a panic through the back door.' President Hugo Chavez told his military to be prepared for a possible confrontation with Colombia, warning that Bogota's plans to increase the U.S. military presence at its bases poses a threat to Venezuela. Saying no is bad for your career in Iran. Ahmadinejad is purging senior officials who disagreed with the crackdown on the opposition after the disputed presidential election.' Two Quakes Rock Indian Ocean, Japan Less Than 15 Minutes Apart....Triggering a Tsunami Warning.' The Death of Photojournalism' A 29yearold convert to Islam confessed in court to plotting devastating bombings against US soldiers and diplomats stationed in Germany' Gaza militants launched mortar shells at a border crossing between Gaza and Israel just as Palestinian patients were being transferred into Israel for medical treatment' The Afghan woman who refuses to be silenced' Taiwan Hotel Falls down in the River cause of the Typhoon Morakotnn' Burma  a bloody history' The farce. Show trials in Iran against opponents, embassies employees and tourists to spread the stupid fable of a foreign conspiracy, while the regime murderers and torturers will never pay' Why was Jerusalem's mayor attacked by Orthodox Jews yesterday? Because he approved the opening of a parking lot near their enclave that stays open through the Sabbath. Seems fair... World food an analysis of imminent issues on the worlds food supply' Sugar price reaches 28year high' In 2060 we will have a France of 108 million inhabitants, composed of 55 million persons belonging to black, Arab and Asian ethnicities and 53 million Europeans. Well before this date Europeans under the age of 40 will be a minority in relation to the Third Worlders of the same age group.' China's state secrets agency Rio Tinto spied on Chinese steel mills for six years, resulting in the mills overpaying $102 billion for iron ore, Rio Tinto's biggest earner Taiwan mudslide leaves up to 600 missing  Check out this pic of a sixstorey hotel collapsing into a river' The Jeddah offices of a Lebanonbased TV station which broadcast an interview with a Saudi man boasting about his sexual conquests have been closed.' Two convicted for refusal to decrypt data' China plans universal health care' Mom throws away Gundam figures, son burns down house.' Melbourne Catholic Archbishop Denis Hart told a woman who had been sexually abused by a priest to go to hell, bitch' Tough times in the porn industry' A reformist candidate defeated in the Iranian presidential election has claimed that arrested protesters have been savagely raped while in custody.' The head of a Russian charity and her husband are found dead in Chechnya a day after being abducted' A man dies impaled on a large shard of glass after throwing a woman through a shop window. ' Burma Suu Kyi house arrest extended 18 months... American who swam to meet her... 7 years hard labour.' Dispelling the tired myth of Eurabia' In the 21st century your worst nightmare will soon be a sky filled with flying robot bombs that will kill or maim everyone within about a quarter mile of their target.  Hope you're OK with this. My husband is not the secretary of state, I am. You ask my opinion, I will tell you my opinion. I'm not going to channel my husband. A Thai court has rejected a US request for the extradition of Viktor Bout, an alleged Russian arms dealer dubbed the Merchant of Death.' Afghan War NATO Builds History's First Global Army. Never before have soldiers from so many states served in the same war theater Hillary gets a bit snippy when asked what her husband thinks.' Why Corporations, Emerging Powers and PetroStates Are Snapping Up Huge Chunks of Farmland in the Developing World In the past six months, big players in the global economy have grabbed 50 million acres of arable land, from Africa to Southeast Asia. ' Israel, war crimes and the media' Congo's Rape Epidemic Worsens During U.S.Backed Military Operation Punishment for 1944 Massacre German Court Sentences 90YearOld War Criminal to Life ' Aung San Suu Kyi sentenced to keep her out of elections.' 40m jewels stolen in biggest gems heist in British history' Dapper robbers pull off Britain's biggest gem heist ($68 million) 18 Mth House Arrest for Suu Kyi' Exiled Uighur leader Rebiya Kadeer has thanked Australia for standing up to Chinese pressure and allowing her to champion the cause of her people.' Is Hubris Back in the City of London? As bank stocks rise and profits return, there are signs that London's financial center is returning to its precrash mentalityand resisting further reform.   Message To The Australian Government From Anonymous' Costa Rican president has swine flu... no word on whether Madagascar has closed its port yet' Brazil TV host ordered killings to get rid of rivals and boost ratings.' German Jews back campaign to reprint Hitler's 'Mein Kampf'   Today the Geneva Conventions turn 60 years old. Despite the fact that 194 states have ratified them, it still faces a struggle for respect.' London jewel thieves make off with $66 million worth of diamonds in broad daylight.' Australian government proposes legislation to allow nowarrant antiterrorism raids' Paris swimming pool denies Muslim woman entrance for wearing a 'Burqini' Sibel Edmonds offers details of Turkeys covert operations in U.S.' Wild salmon are returning to the French capital for the first time in almost a century, scientists say.' Salmon back in the Seine as Paris river cleans up its act  ' China's military launched war games Tuesday aimed at deploying forces at long distances. Gem expert Campbell Bridges killed by Kenyan mob armed with knives, clubs, spears and even bows and arrows.' Hundreds of children in northern Uganda have been affected by a rare and unexplained nodding disease' Meet the new boss...  A decision by the Iraqi government to screen imported books and plans for Internet filters are being seen by intellectuals as a sign that the years of freer expression ushered in by the 2003 USled invasion that toppled Saddam could be coming to an end.' Heckuva job, Ma Yingjeou. Heckuva job. ' Pirates in European waters' 29 Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives will visit Israel next Thursday,  fully sponsored by AIPAC, America's only proIsrael lobby, for a huge slice of American Tax Dollars' Video Retrospective The 77Day Ssangyong (Korea) Factory Workers Occupation. Story Ignored in US.n' DPJ chief hits at USled globalism The wind of populism blows in Japan, in rhetoric if not in policy, raising a hope of finally putting an end to the world's longeststanding oneparty state.' Earthquake jolts Bangladesh for second consecutive day' UK Government May be Leaning Away from Microsoft, Towards Free Software' Iran speaker denies prisoner rape' Another jolt to democracy in Burma' Fact Checking Lobbyist Lanny Davis on Honduras' An American living in France I was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and I've just gotten a letter from one of those death panels. They are called Medical Councils here and they determine whether someone is eligible or not for 100 percent medical coverage provided by the state...' In five of the seven incidents, Israeli soldiers shot at civilians who were walking down the street with white flags, trying to leave the areas of fighting, USA Based Human Rights Watch Rights group  said.' Iceland is being blackmailed' And now, the Pirate Party UK' Company pays entire lawsuit settlement in coins as way of showing disapproval of verdict. Woman who won the trial, now stuck with huge sack of coins, not happy' A ship passing through the English Channel has disappeared.' Stephen Hawking lie causes British bloggers to weigh in on healthcare. Don't attack our NHS! U.S. Hatred of Europe is on the Rise' Icelanders are angry but will make sacrifices  Iceland's Prime Minister blasts UK and Netherlands governments In Slovakia, speaking Hungarian in public can be  punished after September 1. Prime minister Fico says  the real problem were those wanting to bully Slovaks  into learning Hungarian.' Some clues as to how Rupert Murdoch intends to begin charging for online news content in just under a year from now. ' R.I.P Les Paul dies at the age of 94 19152009' DNA tests in China will help parents determine the future of their children.' So when is the movie coming out about the recent jewelley heist in Britain?  Suspects hired a makeup artist to apply latex masks as a disguise.' A leading Scottish gemstone expert has been killed in Kenya by a gang armed with clubs, spears, bows and arrows.' The body of the guy Andrew Jackson shot in a duel in Kentucky has been located! The thousands of Indians he killed remain, for the most part, at large.' Requiem for Archbishop Oscar Romero  R.I.P' Supporters of ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya clashed with soldiers and police for a second day on Wednesday as street protests over the June 28 army coup turned rowdy' Police in standoff with suspect who made threats against White House; Westwood apartment buildings evacuated' ... the 43yearold woman, who police said suffocated under the pile of some 1,000 books, was the first confirmed fatality of early Tuesday's quake. The Blackwater Crusaders that undertook a ritual of Genocide in Iraq are now doing the same in Afghanistan, under the name of XE Crusaders' Taliban chiefs agree ceasefire deals for Afghan presidential election' Don't feel so bad USA , the UK elects some bizarre idiots too , listen to the recently elected Doncaster Mayor in this building car crash radio interview ( quicktime mp3) Russian warships are scouring the Atlantic for a freighter with 15 Russian crew last spotted more than two weeks ago steaming through the English Channel' British MEP Dan Hannan Goes On Fox News To Trash The UK Health Care System' Americans pay $635.85 on cell phone service, compared to $131.44 per year in the Netherlands or $137.94 per year in Sweden.' Who is funding the Afghan Taliban? You dont want to know... (but maybe you should)' New Afgan law husbands can deny food to wives who don't submit to their sexual demands. WTF Britain sleepwalked into a surveillance society  there is a request to snoop on the public every 60 secs' An enormous system of caves, chambers and tunnels lies hidden beneath the Pyramids of Giza, according to a British explorer who claims to have found the lost underworld of the pharaohs.' A woman with a prosthetic arm wins her case for  discrimination against clothing firm Abercrombie  and Fitch.' Solution to Israel/Palestine conflict at hand 85% of Palestinians said to have Jewish ancestry; Can they return home now?' Britons, from all sides of the political spectrum, defend against US attacks on UK public healthcare system (NHS)' Thousands of people are flocking to a remote and mountainous village in Nepal to see a malformed baby which many are now worshiping as a god, leaving him offerings of money, food and clothes.' The Madness of Japan's Happiness Party which advocates cutting taxes, encouraging women to have more than three babies, doubling the population to 300 million and attacking North Korea.  School pupil, 90, dies in Kenya' Iran's defeated opposition presidential candidate has said that some protesters held after last month's disputed poll were tortured to death in prison. UN rights chief slams Israel over Gaza violationsn| Reuters' One rabbi told soldiers in a pep talk during the Gaza war that their holiness would preserve them in the battle between the 'children of light' and the 'children of darkness.'' UK imposes Turks and Caicos rule' Manson family member released' Antarctic glacier 'thinning fast' Man accused of raping woman he met on couchsurfing.com website' Tories say earning in the 99.9th percentile is chicken feed, while out in the real world the average debt is greater than the median wage' A wounded pirate, found on a beach with machete wounds, said the crew attacked him and his colleagues with tools and then seized their weapons' Deadly game of Kenya's gem trade Israeli police have launched a major security operation following a report that a soldier has been kidnapped.' NHS attack by right wing MEP on US TV 'unpatriotic'; MEP rebuked by party leader Crews 'overpower Somali pirates' Mosque gun battle rages in Gaza, hundreds of Hamas fighters and policemen surrounded then raided a mosque where followers of a radical Islamist cleric were holed up' Why is this not getting more attention? Hamas vs AlQaeda in Gaza  13 dead, 85 injured.' Sounds familiar  Iraq, a nation that once had a robust farming sector is becoming dependent on imports and oil to sustain itself.' Hamas assault on Gaza mosque leaves 24 Palestinians dead, including an 11year old girl, 150 wounded' Iceland what ugly secrets are waiting to be exposed in the meltdown?' UK Government's statement that ID card has not been hacked proves that it really is just another useless bit of plastic Taser International launches court action to quash inquiry's recommendations for preventing taser deaths. Germany's Jews are showing strong resolve against evil by calling on the government to allow the publication of Mein Kampf American white supremacist, Preston Wiginton, prevented from entering Britain to attend fascist BNP festival ' Ireland Employees occupy superstore. Thomas Cook occupation may be spark. Mitchelstown has history of worker's taking control' Ransom demand received for cargo ship mysteriously missing since July 30th' American who visited Suu Kyi to be freed from Myanmar' Taiwan typhoon death toll increases' Israel financing and promoting repression in Brazil and Latin America.' A judge in Australia gave a man who became a quadriplegic after a road accident the legal right to starve to death while watching TV.' Huge blast at Nato base in Kabul' LAMPANG, Thailand  Motola, a female elephant who stepped on a land mine 10 years ago and endured painful operations, was fitted Saturday in Thailand for a permanent artificial leg.' Daventry District Council may shift blame for 8 million deposit in Iceland banks' British defend their healthcare system' After an 8hour standoff, cops finally get the Nut Head who sent a threat to the White House he was planning to blow it up. ' World's oldest student dies at 90, entered primary school at 84 Daily Mail goes allout cat claws on Baby P's mum (one of the worst child abuse cases in Britain's history). Hamas security forces killed the leader of an al Qaedainspired group in the Gaza Strip Saturday in a shootout that claimed the lives of 22 people' Hamas fighting an extremist Islamic group' Abdel Latif Moussa, the leader of the Jund Ansar Allah, triggered the violent clashes after he said Hamas is insufficiently Islamic and created an Islamic emirate, or state, in Rafah which would eventually spread throughout the Palestinian territories.' Jerusalemborn Jew elected to Fatah Revolutionary Council ' It sounds like a communist utopia, but a basic income program pioneered by German aid workers has helped alleviate poverty in a Nambian village. Crime is down and children can finally attend school. Only the local white farmers are unhappy.' To punish filesharers, Britain considers criminalizing  up to 7 million citizens, with penalties including  internet restrictions and fines of up to 50,000' First Jew is elected to Palestinian liberation movement Fatah  M&C' A motto for worldnews reddit Nobody believes the official spokesman... but everybody trusts an unidentified source.  Ron Nesen' Afghanistan has quietly passed a law permitting Shiite men to deny their wives food and sustenance if they refuse to obey their husbands' sexual demands New Zealand government decides saving sea lions from extinction is too radical' 11yearold girl leaps from car and survives just seconds before it plunges over the edge of a cliff' According to international law, Israel holds the property of more than 4 million Palestinian refugees in custodianship, until a final peace deal determines whether some or all of them will be allowed back to their 400+ destroyed villages or compensated for their loss. Well, Israel started selling.' The world's largest democracy sets its sights on universal free education Two years after an earthquake shattered lives in Peru, people are still living in tents' Quebec's baptized pagans Neither practising nor believing, but Catholic even so ' Ecuador There are tiny groups here with huge economic power that at a given point could undermine the government. We may have a lot of popular support, but if we don't have people that take to the streets to defend their government, we could easily be destabilized.' Burmese government releases American who swam uninvited to visit Aung San Suu Kyi, after sentencing him to seven years of hard labour' What elections? All of this is a show. The people of Afghanistan have nothing to do with the process... [Karzai] is America's man in Afghanistan. Why should they get rid of him?' Vietnamese government expands internet censorship to block Catholic websites' North Korea softens border restrictions' On closer examination, there's very little evidence of election fraud in the recent Iranian election. Communist North Korea denounced impending joint military exercises by South Korea and the United States, and said it would wipe them out with nuclear weapons if they threatened it' New British homes less than half the size of new homes in Australia and the USA' Vast tracts of Israeli agricultural land in north Israel's Galilee area have been bought up by Arabs with financial backing from the Gulf. Dozens die in Kuwait wedding fire' 19 die in gangrelated prison riot in Mexico' New Secretary General discusses possibility of reducing NATO presence in Kosovo' Flying taxi crashes on test flight, killing its UK inventor' Israeli commandos in Honduras? There are paramilitary structures that are working in coordination with the armed forces, says the undisputed leader of the human rights struggle in Honduras, Andrs Pavn, in regard to the latest casualty of the dictatorship of the Honduran putschists.' A campaign to make the UK government officially apologize for castrating and driving to suicide Alan Turing  the man who helped break Nazi codes and revolutionize computing  just because he was a homosexual' 3 Points for Germany! Random German tourists find my wallet and cellphone in Central Park, return to NYPD. Everything, incl. $180 cash, untouched.' UK Sharia courts have ruled that a man may have up to 4 wives; that a wife has no property rights in the event of divorce; that a woman may not leave her home without her husband's consent; and that a woman cannot marry without the presence and permission of a male guardian. Nowhere in Fiji Water's marketing will you find reference to the typhoid outbreaks that plague Fijians; the corporate entities that they've set up in tax havens like the Cayman Islands; or  mention of the military junta for which Fiji Water is a major source of global recognition and legitimacy. Remember the radio stunt that revealed the rape of a 12 year old girl? The radio host broke the promise to donate money to a disabled boy's family. Chinese villagers storm lead plant responsible for the poisoning of over 600 children' North Korea to Reopen Its Border to the South' Wedding fire in Kuwait kills 43 and wounds 90, was done deliberately by angry exwife' Talk about awkward. Rafsanjani sitting 1 seat away from Ahmadenijad.  What's the official protocol on this? [pics] Under the rules, swimmers  including nonMuslims  are barred from entering the pool in normal swimming attire.' the president had heard in a dream that witches had come to kill her and now they must pay the price' Mexico has replaced more than 1,000 customs agents at airports and border crossings with newly trained inspectors in a major crackdown on corruption.' Afghan women fight for rightsn' US State Department refusing to pay more than 3 million in London congestion charge fines, citing diplomatic immunity to taxation.' Oops Did a math error doom FutureGen, the world's first cleancoal plant? Nobel Prize winner Wole Soyinka says Nigeria is becoming a Failed State' Oz Nowarrant terrorism raids proposed' Iraqi gays tortured, murdered rights group' Canadian court orders government to demand the release of a Canadian citizen being held at Guantanamo Bay' US prosecutors charge a man with carrying out what they say is the largest case of identity theft in American history' Credit card, gun, stolen from IDF Chief of Staff and sold to illegal arms dealers... and more army tragicomedy' Higher risk of cancer amongst redditors?' Asia faces an unprecedented food crisis and huge social unrest unless hundreds of billions of dollars are invested in better irrigation systems to grow crops for its burgeoning population' There is probably no more hostile environment to  mental health treatment than the military.' Samoa to change from driving on the right to driving on the left,  yes they will have 2 days to practice when they will probably drive in the middle ' Huckabee there is no room for a Palestinian state in the middle of the Jewish homeland and Israel should be able to build settlements wherever it wants. (AIPAC take out your 2012 checkbooks)' Cheeky Ontario residents protest U.S. surveillance balloon. About 300 people dropped their drawers Saturday to give a balloon with a surveillance camera trolling the CanadaU.S. border a piece of their derriere.' Right to rape is that what the British Army is fighting for? To allow Afghan men to continue unpleasant habits such as withholding food from their wives, insisting on sex and imprisoning them in their own home?' Car Seizure Law Used to Take Bike from Little Girl' Scientists show that DNA evidence can be fabricated' 9 year old girl who lost her purse on a Ryanair flight is forced to give away a quarter of her pocket money for its return  miserable bastards!' 'The Israeli side of the wall is painted with the image of the countryside beyond   but without the Palestinian town, depicting just nature, grass and trees. Is this not ethnic cleansing at its purest?'  Slavoj Zizek The Secrets of China's Economy The Government Owns the Banks rather than the Reverse Azerbaijanis in Eurovision probe  A number of people in Azerbaijan who voted for a song by neighbouring Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest have been questioned by the police.' Lance Armstrong has brought Scottish traffic to a standstill after more than 200 cyclists answered his Twitter invitation for a casual bike ride.' Mike Huckabee said Tuesday there should be no Palestinian state in the West Bank and endorsed Israeli settlements there...' U.S. troops could be forced by Iraqi voters to withdraw a year ahead of schedule under a referendum the Iraqi government backed Monday.' Nigeria nearing 'a failed state' Hundreds of gay men have been tortured and killed in Iraq in recent months, some by the nation's security forces, Human Rights Watch said today. South Korea launching first satellite with Russian help. Interestingly, the US tried to prevent the Russians from sharing rocket technology with S. Korea.' Afghanistan Growing resistance to the 40year war...The US military has admitted that the Afghan resistance is spreading across the country. The US military is now demanding an extra 45,000 troops, on top of the 62,000 it currently has in Afghanistan.' The Khan airport story was a fabrication to promote his upcoming movie about profiling of muslims.' Russian navy arrests 8 in ship hijacking' Former South Korean President and Nobel Prize Winner Kim DaeJung dies today at the age of 85' How banks make money from younnBanks and building societies are posting record profit margins on mortgages, loans and overdraft interest rates, hitting consumers at a time they can afford it the least. ' The recent closure of 32 privately owned radio stations and a proposed law to punish media crimes are signs that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is moving to quash criticism of his government.' Deadly accident at Russia's largest hydroelectric power plant Pimp My Ostrichsustainability through wildlife ranching' Talibans latest threat cutting off noses and ears to anyone who dares voting' Former S Korea President Kim dies at 83' We had some Australians; they stayed here for four days. They would take turns sleeping and the only time they left was to go to the ATM, World's First Cocaine Bar in Bolivia ' Bill Clinton's visit to North Korea revealed more about the nation than intelligence has been able to uncover for decades At least 95 people were killed and 563 wounded in a series of truck bombings and other attacks on Wednesday that rocked areas around official buildings in central Baghdad' Dawkins calls for official apology for Alan Turing  the codebreaking genius and father of the modern computer who committed suicide after being prosecuted for being gayn' UK defends NHS against stateside attacks. [vid]' Chinese scientist with Stanford PhD now drives a taxi.' It may make great headlines but to my mind this is child abuse and irresponsible parenting. And anyway what faith can you have in a father who changes his name to Happy birthday' Sweden report shows that Apartheid Israel steal organs from Palestinian to Sell them later and make profit ... Israel respond Antisemite!' The Arctic Sea was carrying something, not timber and not from Finland, that necessitated some major work on the ship, she wrote in the Moscow Times newspaper on Wednesday.' Aleksei Etmanov's visit to Brazil he saw that the conditions of car workers there were significantly better than those on Russia. He also saw how trade unionists participated in political struggle.' They ask me if my mom wore a burka,'' said Amri, who is writing a book about Afghanistan's food and cultural heritage. I tell them she wore a miniskirt.' Weapon mockups loaded on the second Sukhoi Su35 prototype on display at MAKS 2009 give an indication of the future airtosurface weapons the aircraft could carry in Russian service.' Iraq Islamists are conducting a campaign of torture and murder against men suspected of homosexual activity' Israelis Sour to Rahm Emanuel.  Once Attack  Dog, Policy Wonk, Committed Jew.  Now a SelfHating Jew.  ' They beat us if we raised our heads; they beat us when they were getting us into the police cars, ' Buran, from space shuttle to fairground ride' Buddhas Savage Peace ' Divisions over Bahamas's marital rape bill. Anti arguments are interesting.' If you've read the novel 'White Tiger', Dharana is a village in 'the darkness'. In 'the darkness' education barely exists, sanitation is nonexistent and a light bulb is as high tech as it gets.  Theres a saying in Iceland now, Oh, thats so 2007! meaning that something is excessively grand, over the top or just plain, old splash a lot of cash.' It's beginning to look a lot like the bad old days in Iraq. Although the attacks were all confined to the capital and the north, while the rest of the country remained relatively calm, they demonstrated a degree of sophistication that U.S. officials thought the insurgents could no longer muster.' Italian banks may take ham and wine as collateral' Bookie pays out 2 mil on tiger to early and suffers for it' A cable fault that caused a major blackout of internet services across West Africa has been repaired.' Gaza's tunnel economy Eric Ruder looks at the lengths to which desperate Gazansstarved and deprived by Israel's punishing blockadeare going to in order to keep food and other necessities coming in. UK Government says no to a show and tell from the guy who cloned the UK ID card in just 12 minutes. Haven't they got something to learn?  Orthodox Islamic school treats Dutch teachers who are not Muslims as inferior beings. They have to have their meals separately, cannot be greeted in the same way as Muslims, and must teach that Christianity will be abolished.' Lockerbie bomber's release agreed The Blind Pakistani Cricket team have been denied visas to the UK, after being invited by the English Cricket Council to defend their championship.' Is she really a HE? Women's 800m gold medal favorite told to take gender test hours before World Championship race. Switzerland expands border into Italy as glaciers melt' If you live in France, chances are you work the least.  If you live in Switzerland, chances are you earn the most.' UK 'can't find' $13bn in military hardware After leaving HM Prison Greenock after being released on compassionate grounds, Abdelbaset Ali alMegrahi released the following statement' Iran Allows IAEA Officials to Inspect Nuclear Reactor' Blackwater 'hired for CIA plan' Is history catching up with Blair? The chairman of the Iraq war whitewash  sorry, inquiry  Sir John Chilcot announced this week that the panel will not publish its findings until after the general election.' 1,300 Chinese children near smelter suffer lead poisoning' Gadhafi wins apology over sons arrest  Swiss president says sorry after Libya removes $5 billion from banks' UK minister pressed over Afghan wifestarving law  Is this what our soldiers are dying for? [vid]' It does not matter if they are American, French or British, she told The Associated Press. If they are residents of the (Palestinian) territories, then we regard them first and foremost as local residents.  What she really means to say is that they are second class citizens.  ' Students brutalized by security forces during protest against Philippine's president [pics] Secretary Clinton's uncompromising condemnation of perpetrators of sexual violence has not been thoroughly emphasized or analyzed, but sniping has already begun about AFRICOM's involvement in her initiative. 'The godfather of instruction manuals'  The US is not going to stop the production of drugs in Afghanistan as it covers the costs of their military presence there, says Gen. Mahmut Gareev, a former commander during the USSR's operations in Afghanistan. Camp Ashraf, Iraq  refugees still not allowed to bury the dead, lawyers barred from obtaining visas, American military witnesses silent' Boy, 8, beats wingwalking record [vid]' A top Chinese general criticized the U.S. on Thursday for selling arms to Taiwan and accused Washington of only being cooperative when it needs help with international campaigns.' German Terror Plot Emerges as Secret Service Game' Analysis Lockerbie bomber .... UK and America have different views on release.' Effective today, Mexico decriminalizes possession of small amounts of marijuana, cocaine, heroin and other drugs' Australian woman, residing in Japan was a victim of a violent rape by American servicemen. Japanese police made no attempt to preserve urine sample, sperm or DNA on her body. Why?... because in 1953, Japan agreed not to exercise primary right of jurisdiction over members of the U.S. armed forces' Sweden has turned down a demand that it condemn the recent publication of an article that links Israeli soldiers to the death of Palestinian civilians with the motive of obtaining their organs.' The head of the Polish army has resigned after a dispute in which he accused the government of failing to properly equip troops in Afghanistan.' Iran to allow UN inspectors to visit heavy water reactor.  ' A suspected victim of a notorious US serial killer has been found alive and well more than 50 years after her supposed death.' Norwegian Towns Sue Citigroup over Subprime Loss. In some of the towns, services including schooling, care for the elderly and even a municipal pool in the frozen north of Scandinavia have all been cut. ' Honduras A Chilean photojournalist said about 20 police surrounded him, demanded his camera and beat him when he refused' Now the government has released Abdel Basset Ali alMegrahi, the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing, the appeal he had filed will never be heard by a judge. Was he released to preempt government embarrassment over an insecure conviction?' The Xinjiang riots have rattled China so much that they are implementing extra security measures in Inner Mongolia where there is no separatist movement to speak of' Sign petition to free Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari, imprisoned in Iran since June 21 in the wake of mass protests. Bahari has not been allowed to meet with a lawyer, and has not been afforded proper legal representation in court.' Mexico decriminalizes smallscale drug possession' The IDF Israels Organ Grinder' Press chokes on bitter pill of Libyan apology' Power hungry Latin American President Pushes Through Constitutional Referendum To Allow Him To Run For 3rd Term' The US and UK have reacted angrily to the welcome given in Libya to the Lockerbie bomber, freed from prison on compassionate grounds.' The latest British soldier to die during the elections in Afghanistan was the son of the SAS hero who led the raid during the Iranian Embassy siege' Russia dismisses Chechen dam blast claim' 2nd Lead Poisoning Case Hits China, 1,300 Sick' Police were stunned when a 17 year old girl confessed to a serial killing spree that started when she was 15 and has resulted in the death of 30 men  that she has admitted to...she started targeting men in her home of San Paulo, Brazil, for money, revenge and justice.' Hamid Karzai and Warlords Mount Massive Vote Fraud Scheme in Afghanistan' Some people fear the full truth about the Lockerbie bombing will never emerge... nMegrahi 'A convenient scapegoat?'n' Obedient wife's evidence in triple murder trial  In 25 years of marriage being assaulted 50 times is not a big deal. ' This is how the people of Libya greet the murderer of 270 people..' Despite the urgent need for family planning, expenditure on global provision continues to fall, which may make the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) difficult or impossible to achieve.' Black Site in Lithuania? CIA Accused of Third Torture Prison in Europe  SPIEGEL ONLINE  News  International' Controversial Mohammed cartoon images omitted from book by Yale ' It's amazing what people will do for love. A Palestinian woman has braved the threat of Israeli bombs by crawling more than one kilometre through a dangerous underground tunnel between Egypt and Gaza just to marry her sweetheart. South Africa's statutory research body does an academic study that finds Israel is practicing apartheid and colonialism in Occupied Palestinian Territories. Iranian boy who defied Tehran hardliners tells of prison rape ordeal' How can a graph be so very wrong? Predicting population change is tricky.' America's Most Wanted  The Top 50 US War Criminals. These are men and women who helped to launch wars of aggression or who have been complicit in lesser war crimes.  These are the makers of those policies. In row over parking space, Cypriot man aims shotgun at thugs but accidentally shoots his wife. He is beaten up as she lay dying. Police charge him with premeditated murder.' Rival accuses Karzai of rigging vote  President dismisses charges of cheating, ballot stuffing in election' Afghanistan Go tell the world about our fake election .' His alleged crime? Bribery.  A human rights activist calls the case izarre.'  The US army officer convicted for his part in the My Lai massacre during the Vietnam War has offered his first public apology, a US report says' John Yettaw, just back from his Burmese prison odyssey, explains how he unwittingly created an international diplomatic crisis' Former spy Herve Jaubert tells of James Bondstyle escape after torture threats' Uganda Massive Deforestation Fuelling Drought, Famine in Kibaale' Facts on world's water shortage Robert Fisk For the truth, look to Tehran and  Damascus  not Tripoli ' Global Less money, less food, more hungry' Addressing population problem with greater urgency' Britain under pressure amid Lockerbie release' For the truth about the Lockerbie bombing, look to Tehran and Damascus  not Tripoli' AfPak Masquerade The Untold Truths of War' A little detail from the dustbin of history The Soviets were Hitler's best friends until he attacked them and they initially took part in WWII on the Axis side. Over 5 billion of the world's population expected to live in urban areas by 2030 FBI Director Robert Mueller  rips release of Lockerbie bomber ' Scotland needs no lessons in matters of fairness from a country that has been routinely waterboarding suspects in Guantnamo Bay.' Will somebody please remind the Americans that all of the British victim's families believe Abdelbaset Ali alMegrahi had nothing whatsoever to do with the Lockerbie bombing. [Video interview with spokesman for 'UK Families Flight 103'] Australia passed law demanding that 20% of its electricity comes from renewable sources by 2020, matching European targets' Chile confirms swine flu in turkeys. Too much food in that headline...' $10,000 bribe got Iraq bombers past security checkpoints' Russians allege Mossad connection to 'Arctic Sea' seajacking   Paper's organ harvesting article causes IsraelSweden rift Nigeria is the largest African source of trafficked women to Europe and Asia' Dial 999 at Heathrow airport and you can expect to be treated by a paramedic on a push bike loaded with life saving equipment' A federal judge has ruled that the legal team for a Pakistani prisoner at Gitmo can seek to challenge his detention by questioning an alleged 9/11 mastermind, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.' A leaking Australian oil well is likely to pour oil into the Timor Sea for nearly two months before it can be stopped' Kurdish magazine urges Jews to return to Iraq  to make room for Palestinians' Population growth sustains poverty in Africa ' Medvedev's War on Russians' Love for Alcohol  100,000 people in Yemen, many of them children, have been driven from their homes due to fighting between government troops and Shi'ite rebels Food writer Joanna Blythman calls for Israeli boycott ' Chinese police catch 15,000 drunkdrivers in a week' Pakistan Taliban commander vows Afghan fight  President Obama and his allies are our enemy No 1' Samoans revolt against driving on the left, may drive in the middle instead? ' Greece Fire!  Wildfires approach Athens, hospitals evacuated.' Scotland defends Lockerbie bomber release' Medvedev's War on Russians' Love for Alcohol When asked whether he would adopt the 2 states solution, Netanyahu's information minister, answered that if Palestinians wanted to call the fragments left to them a state, that was fine Or they could call them fried chicken.' In Iran, report of secret burials brings call for inquiry' Gordon Brown in new storm over freed Lockerbie bomber' Over my dead body! UK trying to make plastic pint 'glasses' compulsory. Where will the nanny state end? McGill professor caught in ghost writing scandal where articles paid for by drug giant Wyeth Pharmaceuticals' If you happen to find yourself in Samoa on September 7th, DO NOT get on the roads  the government is switching the side of the street that cars drive on' British firefighters call for boycott of Israel.' The men came on three motorcycles, each one carrying a driver and a man on back. They wore masks. Each of the men riding on back carried a small container filled with battery acid. The masked men circled for several minutes as the girls streamed to school. Then they moved in.' When someone uncovers an organ trafficking network, the easiest way to reject the claims is to accuse him of Antisemitism.' Tens of thousands have watched this video produced by an Iranian filmmaker/activist, where a woman tells how she was tortured and raped in prison.' In the midst of its drug war, Mexico has taken a bold step Decriminalising the possession of small amounts of drugs, including cocaine and heroin.' Pirate Bay sale looking uncertain as Swedish stock market suspends trading in 'Global Gaming Factory' shares AN AMERICAN citizen is to be named by the Lockerbie bomber as the man who really carried out the terrorist attack on Pan Am Flight 103.' UK to share fingerprints with Canada, Australia' Is there anything this man can not do???' Former Scotsman editor confirms government and CIA influence over Lockerbie investigation. ...UK Government and intelligence services influenced coverage of the Lockerbie inquiry to implicate Iran and Syria.' Israelis Restrict Palestinians' Water Supply Israelis have access to four times as much water as Palestinians due to restrictions The eighth largest oil field in the world will be dead by the end of next year.' UK to share fingerprint data with other countries including US. They say it will lead to more criminals being caught, or is just another intrusion in human rights? ' Tens of thousands flee wildfires in Greece' Academic freedom, Israeli style Education Minister slams Israeli lecturer's 'apartheid' oped; BenGurion University president suggests finding another personal or professional home.' Contractors made presentations for nanosize drones the size of moths that can flit into buildings to gather intelligence' Could we finally see a thawing of relations with North Korea? ' It was Abu Nidal, a U.S. intelligence asset, who was responsible for the Lockerbie bombing, not the Libyan patsy Abdel Baset alMegrahi.' Maoists kill five policemen in India's Bihar Trials may begin this week for more than 200 people charged with crimes after riots last month in Chinas farwestern Xinjiang region' Malaysia Woman scheduled to be caned for drinking beer' Israelis harvest Palestinian organs Israel and Sweden in row over report in media' Every American should be forced to read and learn this in order to know what was done in their names.' Is Yemen Chewing Itself to Death?' Swedish court rules The Pirate Bay admins too broke to pay damages' Girl, 13, told to delay solo sailing voyage by courts' Red Army troops raped even Russian women as they freed them from camps at the end of WWII' Why The World Must Boycott Israel, An Excellent Article Written By An Israeli Professor' Police may be issued with new highpower Taser' London's CCTVs solve only one crime in a 1,000 Violations of human rights Coup protestor gangraped by Honduran police' He has been captured by bank surveillance cameras in eight states, sneering and holding a pistol sideways during heists. ' 1,000 CCTV cameras to solve just one crime, Met Police admits' There Are More Slaves Today Than at Any Time in Human History' Britain allows taxpayer funded organizations/universities to ban common words and phrases that could possibly be construed as racist or sexist,  for example, black mark, right hand man, and gentleman's agreement.  Ridiculous.' Saving the World's Women How changing the lives of women and girls in the developing world can change everything Remember the TortureSlaying of the University of Tennessee students from 2007?  The first of the four defendants has been found guilty.' Former Labour MP Tam Dalyell and Edinburgh law professor Robert Black urge the Scottish and UK governments to answer allegations that Lockerbie suspect Abu Nidal was a US agent.' UK Royal Mail is to phase out nearly all of the 25,000 bikes used by postmen and women across the country.' A Roma (Gypsy) community has been living on a dump in Clug, Romania, for two generations. ' Its kinda like a funsized version of imperialism...(new interactive map)' Evidence Reveals Libyan Convicted of Lockerbie Bombing Innocent Corporate media in U.S. ignores story that Abdelbaset alMegrahi is innocent. ' What are some good/decent news websites that I can read regularly that is not too biased?' China First armed police law set to pass' Canadian program aims to get mentally ill off streets' Japan, out of recession  is it over?' Honduran Supreme Court Denies Zelayas Return, Keeping Political Crisis Alive' Argentina Decriminalizes Personal Drug Consumption.' The supreme court in Argentina has ruled that it is unconstitutional to punish people for using marijuana for personal consumption.' U.S. is 15 years behind South Korea in Internet  speed' Kidnapped French agent kills captors, escapes in Somalia  in a good mood at presidential palace after fleeing militants.' Thirty Palestinians killed. Missiles fired at a Mosque. Muslim prisoners 'executed' in cold blood. International outrage and demonstrations? Nope. Why? Because unless Israelis are to blame, people don't care. China admits death row organ use ' ISP that cut off Pirate Bay hit hard, site is back  online in hours' Channel 4 news reporting about a video of Tamil men stripped, bound and shot in the head by Sri Lankan Army. It's not terrorism if you're the government. Lets not forget about Iran quite yet..' Swine Flu Ancestor Born on U.S. Factory Farms ' The FSA ignored pesticides (the main health issue) in its report on organic food' Argentina rules on marijuana use  Its just not right to punish people for marjuana' Wave of protest greets Israeli PM. Hundreds of peace and solidarity campaigners have gathered at Downing Street to protest at Prime Minister Gordon Brown's cosy meeting with farright Israeli premier Benjamin Netanyahu.' There Are More Slaves Today Than Any Time in Human History' The Unbalanced Triangle. What ChineseRussian Relations Mean for the United States ' Vereeniging, South Africa,People LITERALLY DIE waiting in line to see a doctor since the lines are endless and the nursing staff just don't care.' Israel opens door to West Bank compromise' Deaths, Missing Detainees Still Blacked Out in New CIA Report ' Brazilian Girl Admits to Killing 30 Men' Journalist Stabbed to Death in Democratic Republic of Congo' 'Mexican drug cartels now recruiting hit men from U.S. military' A Shocking Look Inside Chinese Fur Farms' China' Young Men Tuberculosis is on the rise in Russia, and only 9% of the country's TB hospitals meets basic hygiene standards A horrible return of hooliganism and violence returned to English Football last night.' French hostage kills 3 and escapes' A naked, blindfolded man crouches on the ground, as a uniformed soldier kicks him in the head then abruptly ends his life with a point blank rifle shot. Other bodies lie nearby, their blood staining the earth around them.' Looks like that Russian ship was carrying missiles to Iran via Algeria' CHINA Human rights lawyer arrested on tax evasion charges  Bet this story will be retracted quick smart! Surprised it even got published.' Angry French lorry drivers at struggling company threaten to pour 8,000 litres of toxic fuel additive into Parisian river unless their demands for redundancy payoffs are met' Sri Lankan Journalist Ahimsha Wickrematunge wrote an editorial only to be release upon his death. He was murdered in January. This is his story.' UK Gov fails at privacy, loses 377K of private data on a memory stick!' Mali's parliament passes a law stating that women do not have to obey their husbands and can inherit property. Muslims flip out. Malian president refuses to sign the law. Son of newly appointed Nigerian Ambassador to the US charged with rape' New Zealand is running out of space for its burgeoning prison population and has decided to start using shipping containers to house its inmates.' London's ambassador to Kabul said Wednesday he expects Britain's presence in Afghanistan will last at least a generation,' American's leaving London in droves, We are fed up with all the stealth taxes, the nondoms levy, and now the 50 percent tax rate. Will the City ever be the same?' Crazy prison escapes in Belgium' In a 1987 meeting with US analysts the KGB foresaw and warned of the rise of terrorism from radical Islam A look at the untapped potential of greater cooperation of US and Russia.' Bernanke Victimized by Identity Fraud Ring, they swiped his wife's purseincluding the couple's joint check book. Swedish woman in porn flakes breakfast shock. Yes the headline reads porn flakes.' Khamenei 'Opposition not stooges for Western powers' Iranian opposition leaders on  trial for wanting a legitimate goverment, or, apparently, attempting a coup.' American songwriter Ellie Greenwich, who penned River Deep, Mountain High and other hits, has died, aged 68.' Iran's supreme leader says he has seen no proof that opposition leaders blamed for the postelection unrest were agents of foreign powers China has criticised an invitation from Taiwan to the Dalai Lama, calling him a separatist who wants to sabotage improving crossstrait relations.' Black Hair, Still Tangled in Politics ' Netanyahu states that Israeli ethnic cleansing/settlements must continue.' Netanyahus peace is a cynical evasion' India's population to rise to 1.53 Billion by 2050 Courts put 13yearold girl in state care, blocking her from being the youngest person to sail around the world' There Are More Slaves Today Than at Any Time in Human History ' Gelato in hand, youre strolling down a street in Italy, when suddenly, an attractive woman starts arguing with a street vendor. A crowd gathers as he accuses her of shoplifting. To prove her innocence, she starts to strip...' First case of Digital rape in Sweden; 33 year old man sentenced to 8 years in prison for forcing 65 girls (mostly underaged) to undress on webcam, threatening to kill victims family if not complying' WTF?  Iceland to cut public spending by 30% over next 3 years; Meanwhile the Icelandic gov't announced today that its public will be reimbursing the EU for losses sustained from investments in private Icelandic banks. Manufacturer of Taser sparks new controversy with commercial launch of longrange version that can be fired from a 12bore shotgun' Italian newspaper ask 10 questions to Berlusconi. Berlusconi, instead of giving answers, sue the newspaper.' In Soviet Russia... Belarus leader rigged vote to lower his margin ' Thai activist sentenced to 18 years for 'insulting the monarchy' Senior Iranian cleric calls ruling system a dictatorship' The Pirate Party UK Equating the freedom to share files noncommercially with freedom from excessive surveillance, freedom of speech and information' By 2012, every traveler entering the United States who is part of the visawaiver program must have a biometric passport or be forced to apply for a visa' State Department staff have recommended that the ouster of President Manuel Zelaya be declared a military coup, which could cut off as much as $150 million in U.S. funding to Honduras.' Fins accepting Russian gas pipe through their territory  in exchange for Karelia which they ceded to Soviet half a century ago' AlQaeda claims Saudi prince attack ' South African soldiers form union and march on government buildings. Ruling regime refuses to recognize union, orders police to attack them, and accuses them of violence.' When she fled to the American embassy, the Marines would bring me back home every time, she recalls. I was the wife of a foreign national.' Lockerbie is history... There is no reason for people to be angry. Why be so angry?  Seif alIslam alQaddafi' If the army, probably the key component of the state, is politicised or at least neutralised, this deals a serious blow to the security of the ruling class. This is why the commanders of the Nepal Army and the rich minority whose interests it serves are so strongly opposed to army integration.' Dutch court takes custody of 13yearold sailor She wanted to sail the world solo... so the court has taken her from her family for 2 months to 'assess' her... Archbishop Tutu to Israeli Newspaper Arabs paying for Germany's crimes Berlusconi To Sue Every European Newspaper He Doesn't Own  Refugees Flee as Fighting Breaks Out in Myanmars North' A Brief History of China's OneChild Policy Saudi prince injured by militant Claimed to be giving himself up, and then detonated a suicide bomb.' Japan now has 2nd largest communist party in G8; only the Russian Communist Party bigger. 42yearold worker from Tokyobased transport company Companies are only interested in their profits and protecting their management. They do not care about their staff. They see us as disposable.' Boy is arrested, raped and tortured, released, was to be arrested again but he kills himself first...' For what its worth The son of media mogul Rupert Murdoch has called the British Broadcasting Corp. a threat to independent journalism. the expansion of statesponsored journalism is a threat to the plurality and independence of news provision, which are so important for our democracy, ' The United Arab Emirates has seized a cargo ship earlier this month bound for Iran with a cache of banned arms from North Korea' Bar staff in Scotland to be banned from asking  'Same again?' in drinks crackdown After nearly 50 years in consecutive power, Japan looks to dump the conservatives.' Jewish groups syphon 84% of the cash from Canada federal funding program for groups at risk.' nHeavy debt often paired with obesity People who are heavily in debt are more likely to be heavy themselves, too, according to new research from Germany.' Norway's centreleft govt may lose majority to far right party in the upcoming election  Lockerbie bomber 'set free for oil' Giant Burn Scar in Athens, Greece Since the burned land reflects more shortwaveinfrared light than water or plantcovered land do, it is bright red. [satellite false color image]' IAEA Iran has slowed nuclear work ' Taliban expanding into Northern Afghanistan to counter new NATO supply route.' The disease is spreading BNP support up to 15% in local elections' SBA Studies Say Franchises More Likely to Fail than Small Businesses' Erm, I started reading this article thinking it was about a particular person....' El primer refugiado digital de la historia' Census Counting Human Population Growth' Unilever Pakistan Kills a Young Boy in their Lame Stunt TV Show' Fears of increasingly ageing UK population fall as birthrate rises' In Somalia, African Union soldiers contend with a vague and underfunded mission with no ceasefire to enforce. Among the troops who have died, some apparently succumbed to illness due to malnutrition.' This is reality. A fairly commonplace occurrence you'll never see on your TV, but might see in real life. It's healthy to be reminded once in a while [NSFW, probably disturbing]  Should China promote a twochild policy?' How a Detainee Became An Asset  Sept. 11 Plotter Cooperated After Waterboarding (The Post article about KSM that uses unidentified sources to back up some of Cheney's claims) Mossad targets CIA in Gaza killing four. The CIA personnel were traveling in 3 cars, escorted by military vehicles on the main road in Gaza.. The first two cars passed, then the third car was targeted by a massive remote control bomb. Four CIA agents were killed in the bombing. ' One of the reasons why no one watches TV on TV anymore.' Early release for Iraqi shoethrower after his sentence was reduced for good behavior.' Oil tanker split in two before it sank near the Red Sea entrance to the Suez Canal; Egyptian officials trying to contain the oil spill' Former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert indicted  the first criminal indictment ever filed against a current or past Israeli prime minister' Opposition wins in Japan election  Ruling party officials set to resign after apparent crushing defeat at polls.' Poll 89% of Pakistanis believe the US should be declared a hostile state.  And they are still pissed that the US substituted wheat for F16's that were already paid for. Japan goes to the polls as the Liberal Democratic Party looks set to fall after 50 years of nearuninterrupted rule' Al Jazeera English  Pakistan 'modified US missiles' The 2,000th anniversary of the battle that founded a nation. For most countries it would be a reason for parades and flag waving. But not this one. ' Bank officials on the run in Nigeria after giving $5.Billion worth of bad loans' Taiwan police clash with Dalai Lama opponents ' Afghan Resistance Statement. The decisive and complete boycott of the Afghan people with the August 20 election showed once again that the Afghans could not be trapped through conspiracies and wiles of the invaders and their surrogates' The Iraqi who saved Norway from oil' Universities and Student Unions to pay legal fee's for Tamil Protester that was arrested. (Btw I'm the one waving the flag) China Says One Child Policy Will Be Strictly Enforced For Decades' Lockerbie bomber release linked to oil deal Britain agreed to include Lockerbie bomber Abdel Basset alMegrahi in a prisoner transfer deal with Libya because of overwhelming interests shortly before an oil deal was sealed with Tripoli.' Water Scarcity Looms as Population, Temperature Rise' The affair has been dubbed 'Bloodgate'. In the dying moments of a crucial match, a Harlequins player faked a blood injury so he could be replaced by a goal kicker who could win the game. India to reduce population growth 80% via electricity...' Simon Dee, one of the biggest stars on British TV and radio in the Swinging Sixties, dies of cancer at the age of 74.' Hot Asians Show Up at Chinese film awards' Belorussian Su27 crash on Radom Air Show (Poland)' Iraqi military repo men comb world for missing fighter jets, ships stashed by Saddam' Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party defeated in a landslide. The Nations That Gave Up on Nuclear Bombs' Thousands call for Turing apology' Nearly 60% of black and African people living in Russia's capital Moscow have been physically assaulted in racially motivated attacks, says a new study.' In Australia, when a political figure goes missing while hiking in the mountains, he actually is missing  in the mountains' Lesbians given equal birth rights' Australia closed a chapter in its military history today when the bodies of the last two Australian servicemen missing in Vietnam were returned home, nearly 40 years after their last wartime mission.' We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seeking and developing weapons of mass destruction  Sen. Ted Kennedy, September 27, 2002' Fly ash pollution from coalfired power stations Tests on children living in areas around India's power stations show high levels of uranium in their bodies...ground water show that levels of uranium around the plants are up to 15 times the WHO maximum safe limits A report by the top US general in Afghanistan is expected to admit the current strategy is not working' Effective today, police and councils in U.K. can impose Drinking Banning Orders  dubbed booze Asbos  on anyone who behave antisocially while drunk' An alQaeda terrorist captured in Iraq has confessed to being trained by Syria' A court in Sri Lanka sentences prominent Tamil journalist to 20 years in prison for causing communal disharmony.' Federal Reserve Made $14 Billion on Turmoil Loans' Hamas leader denies Nazi genocide of Jews' And I think there is nothing that can't be done if it is fundamentally reasonable.' B.C. town rallies to stop toxic waste plant' nnOur thanks go out to John Yettaw, Burma Junta says..nnBurma's detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi plans to renovate her crumbling lakeside home to keep out trespassers, her lawyer says. City officials in Tehran have agreed to investigate claims that bodies of protesters were secretly buried in the nation's largest cemetery A fivedayold wildfire burning out of control in the Los Angeles foothills and forest has claimed its first victims  two firefighters whose vehicle plummeted off the side of a road.' Why did Scotland really release Libyan Lockerbie bomber?' How Shifts To Smaller Family Sizes Contributed To The Asian Miracle' Crazy UK government now allows people who aren't parents to be named as parents on a baby's birth certificate.  Are you really my dad? they may ask when they grow up.' Claims of Peace in Darfur Disputed by Rebels, Officials' Honour killings and brutal murders of gay men on the rise in Iraq, as Iraqi authorities look the other way' Increasing Accounts of Fraud Cloud Afghan Vote' Gabon casts first votes after dictator's death  In a backlash against the US 'war on drugs', Latin America turns to a more liberal policy Pilot to control tower, ''Come on, I know you're down there, ... where the bloody hell have you hidden yourself?'' North Korea reopens regular border crossing with the South ' 72 year old Olympic medalist (Dawn Fraser, Gold 1956 in 100m freestyle swimming) attacks teenaged intruder at her home in Australia.   Knee'd him in the groin with her titanium knee. Young teenagers in the UK are more likely to get drunk than anywhere else in the industrial world, shows an international survey.' New ID cards linked to criminal records  privacy in the UK  It doesn't exist. In the eyes of Saudi Arabian conservatives, the land where Islam was founded and the Prophet Muhammad was born must remain purely Muslim.  Saudi Arabia bans public displays of crosses and churches. ' ExOntario Attorney General held in cyclist's death Burrows would not confirm witness reports the cyclist jumped on the car... and began fighting with the driver of a black Saab.' Spiderman scales one of the world's tallest buildings, the Petronas Towers in Malaysia, on his third attempt North and South Korea have restored regular access across their heavily fortified border for traffic to and from a jointlyrun industrial park.' Israeli maxim Occupy a country and then make the people pay a price to get part of it back. When they object, accuse them of refusing to take advantage of opportunities for peace.' Fundraising appeal to save Romanian lions from being shot' KahanistAmerican kids go to Israel, prepare to take on the Israeli army if theres any order to clear Jewish settlements. Expulsion orders for Arabs? Still cool with them.' Lesbian couples in England and Wales who start a family through fertility treatment can now place both their names on the birth certificate' Poland and Germany remember the start of WWII (video report)' Boycott An Israeli peace activist on Apartheid in South Africa and whether a boycott will work for Israel.' Hamas has resisted suggestions that Palestinian children should be taught about the Holocaust in UNrun schools.' Protesters in the South Pacific nation of Samoa have lost a legal bid to stop a change in road rules that will force motorists to drive on the left.' Saddams Military Planes Found in Serbia' Hamas Holocaust is a Zionist Lie' France Repeated attacks on Christians and Christian churches. Silence in the mainstream media.' Chevron accuses Ecuadorean judge of taking bribes in mammoth Tort case against the company by indigenous residents of the country's Amazon Basin The problem is fundamental Founding a modern state on a single ethnic or religious identity in a territory that is ethnically and religiously diverse leads inexorably either to politics of exclusion or to wholesale ethnic cleansing. Put simply, the problem is Zionism.' Fiji has been suspended from the Commonwealth after the South Pacific island nation's military government failed to respond to a demand to begin restoring democracy.  Access to The Pirate Bay is denied by Irish ISP'