 Jaqui Smith finally fucking off, civil rights has a small respite and breathes a sigh of relief' Life expectancy Vs Income/person across the world over 2 centuries [map]' To understand how North Korea has come up with the money to finance its missileandnuclearweapons program, it's important to realize that Koreans haven't been living in caves for the past 2 decades. Dutch journalist is kidnapped by Talibans who rape her repeatedly. Her comments about the Taliban They also respected me, They are not monsters, ... could not control his testosterone. A story about Stockholm syndrome and the politically correct.' Why the Air France plane crashed Salon's Ask the Pilot explains the possibilities' A quick fix for up to half of all child deaths?' Mexico detains 25 police officers for alleged ties to drug traffickers' Kazakhstan's former head of state nuclear power agency stole over 60% of the countries Uranium!' Public believe politicians are corrupt. In other news Bears shit in woods' Brazil Defense Minister confirms that the debris found belong to the missing Air France plane' Zimbabwe may replace worthless currency with South African rand' Rape Crisis in East Congo Tied to Mining Activity' Denmark finishes first, US 28th, on Global Competitive Stress Test' Redfaced police crack mystery' Kim Jong Il names successor' There's a new world out there, countries where economic growth continues to power ahead, gov'ts aren't buried under a mountain of debt and citizens remain remarkably optimistic about their future. Wreckage found for AirFrance flight 447' Pakistan's Victories Over the Taliban Less Than Meets the Eye  TIME Israel rejects US demands for settlement freeze I have to admire the residents of Iroquois territory for assuming that they have a right to determine where Jews should live in Jerusalem.  Israeli Government Press Director ' A thoughtful obituary for Roh Moohyun, former president of South Korea. Before he left the house, and before he jumped from a high cliff into a ravine, he had left a note to his family on his computer. He said he had 'made the life of too many people difficult.'' Obama pledges new realism in ties with Israel  warning the Jewish state of profoundly negative trends in the region, not only for Israeli interests but also US interests,' Netanyahu Obama Call For Settlement Freeze Unreasonable' Hardline Pakistani cleric linked to Mumbai attacks released by Pakistani high court' The Dark Side of Plan Colombia How the U.S. is Subsidizing Death and Drug Trafficking on Stolen Lands' Google Earth guide to the palaces of North Korea  Amateur spies put North Korea on the map' June 4th, 1989' Undercover With BNP Campaigners' How did this slip by?  US Army Confirms Israeli Nukes' Scores of Israelis rallied in front of the American Consulate in Jerusalem, labeled Barack Obama the most antiSemitic American president.' Air France Flight A447 The Last 4 Minutes. The last message received was an advisory regarding cabin vertical speed.' Cuba's 47year suspension from the Organization of American States lifted without conditions Yemeni Prisoner Dies At Guantanamo of Apparent Suicide' Hummer, now owned by the Chinese ' Australia staves off recession' How the BNP has not changed . North West European candidate Nick Griffin speaking beside David Duke , KKK leader' Was the crash of  Air France 447 caused by a programming error?' Chinas government censors have begun to block access to the Internet services Twitter, Flickr, Hotmail and Live.com, broadening an already extraordinary effort to shield its citizens from any hint of Thursdays 20th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square prodemocracy movement.' Canadian Mint Can't Account for Missing Gold Problems much greater than anyone could have imagined |  The financial crisis in Iceland' North Korea will test the ICBM and midrange missiles in a few weeks.' Air France crash plane may have broken up in midair and likely exploded at high altitude' Both China and the West have distorted the truth about the Tiananmen Square protests and the massacre that followed' Uk Redditors  before you vote tomorrow, learn about the real BNP' The BNP in Manchester came with loudhailers  playing 'Rule Britannia'  to picket .... a cathedral  service. A 250mlong crop circle of a jellyfish has appeared on farmland causing up to 600,000 worth of damage.' New Zealand named world's most peaceful country U.S. Report Finds Airstrike Errors in Afghan Deaths. The Afghan government concluded that about 140 civilians had been killed in the attacks. ' The World Bank decides to invest $121 million in helping Haiti develop; Bill Clinton named special envoy to the Western Hemisphere's poorest country. Hazel Blears resigns from cabinet' Footage of Taliban bombing of security offices in Lahore' David Carradine Found Dead in Bangkok' Never before published photo, before shown only to friends, shows Tank Man from street level in the distance at left, framed by two tree trunks, on the verge of the confrontation with the tanks in the distance right. [PIC]' Mitsubishi corners 40% of the world market in bluefin tuna  one of the world's most endangered fish  freezing them for future sale in several years' time for astronomical sums when they become commercially extinct Chinese authorities on Tiananmen square use their umbrellas to cover the view whenever CNN tries to film something. Subtle. [video]' Chinese Police Armed With Umbrellas [vid]' Destroy their holy sites. Kill men, women and children, wrote Rabbi Manis Friedman who now claims the quote was misleading because they were the answer to a different question !' Another girls' school blown up in Pakistan Tank Man. Great Frontline Documentary about the Tiananmen Square protests that happened 20 years ago today.' International Media being blocked from filming in Tiananmen Square due to ridiculous and hilarious censorship method' PM Gordon Brown faces growing pressure to quit European, British polls, rebel MPs and Ministerial resignations' The US president paid tribute to Islam's influence on religion, culture and civilisation, and started with the traditional Arabic greeting assalaamu alaykum  peace be upon you  to thunderous applause. Chinese govt use umbrellas to stop foreign journalists recording around Tiananmen Square' Eddie Izzard says vote for anyone , even mice , not the BNP .Less than an hour to fight racists UK.' Infant formulas purchased from stores in Canada show widespread tainting with traces of melamine' A Turkish shopkeeper in Brighton, East Sussex, has been banned from selling alcohol until he learns to speak English well enough to ask customers their age. ' President Obama Speaks to the Muslim World from Cairo (VIDEO)' Iran first ever live TV presidential elections debate shows hardhitting encounter between Ahmadinejad and opponents' Slate.com has a great gallery remembering the Tiananmen Square protest and massacre' China ready to pounce on Tiananmen protests' Thinking of voting BNP ?' Boris falls into river' Appeals court reinstates lawsuit against Royal Dutch Shell PLC unit over the 1995 deaths of Nigerian activist Ken SaroWiwa and others' Actually, where I'm from June, 4th 1989 is celebrated as the day freedom finally triumphed after 50 long years The BNP want national service and a gun in every home . Refuse conscription and lose the right to vote , education and training . See page 52 ( google html version , it's that or a PDF) Air France Flight 447 'may have stalled at 35,000ft' Warning Sir Richard Dearlove is concerned about the loss of liberties in 'Big Brother' Britain The former head of MI6 has hit out at 'striking and disturbing' invasions of privacy by the Big Brother state.  Jewish communities in Galilee We're not racist, we just don't want Arabs to move in. Surplus of Bachelors Spurs Scam in China  WSJ.com' One more reason to remember June 4th, 1989' British Government falling apart after the third resignation by a cabinet minister in three days' Peace index ranks New Zealand the safest country in the world' Netherlands' AntiMuslim party the big winner of European Parliament elections. I'm so fucking embarassed to be Dutch today. Dutch farright 'gain' in EU poll  Record turnout at Hong Kong Tiananmen candlelight vigil' Nationalisation and workers' control in Venezuela When the working class roars, capitalists tremble British Government falling apart PM Gordon Brown told to go as third minister quits' Canada refuses U.S. request to accept Chinese Muslims from Guantanamo' Remembering Tiananmen, 20 years later (PICS) ' UN Israeli buffer zone eats up 30 percent of Gaza's arable land Iran's Supreme Leader Responds to Obama's Cairo Speech, Muslims Will Continue to Hate America, Beautiful Speeches Won't Change That.....' Another Palestinian protester dies from rubber bullet.  Witnesses said Israeli troops fired tear gas, rubber bullets and possibly live rounds at rockthrowing demonstrators in the village.' This kind of thing makes you wonder why we even bother to keep secrets from other countries.' How Tiananmen shook Europe' Debris found in Atlantic not from missing Air France plane' Recovered debris not from Air France jet, Brazilian officials say ' Is Gordon Brown Still Prime Minister?' Everything that is happening in politics and economics in China today has some connection with Tiananmen' They still haven't found a trace of that Air France jet yet. Under foreign pressure to reach a truce, the Sri Lankan government decided to achieve a speedy victory over the Tamil rebels by relying more on shelling, which caused more civilian casualties. Way to go, world!' Companies hire shipriders against Somali pirates' Philippines capture MILF base' The youngest girl I ever came across was a dayold baby who was raped,' General Eisenhower's Message to the Troops just before DDay  65 Years ago America, along with our trusty allies the Brits and Canucks, led one of the greatest Invasions the World has ever seen.  June 6th is my Memorial Day. At least 31 people have died in clashes in Peru between the security forces and indigenous people in the Amazon region' Peruvian government committed massacre with the murder of at least 20 indigenous where 2,000 have been blockading the highway to protest' The sexual violence in Congo is the worst in the world.. the sheer numbers, the wholesale brutality, the culture of impunity  its appalling.' Chinas rare earth monopoly threatens global suppliers, rival producers claim' Cuban spy caught  he'd been giving up secrets for 30 years! Documents Offer New Revelations of Israeli Nuclear Weapons Program' French Nuclear Sub and MiniSub Nautile that found the Titanic sent to look for Air France 447 as no traces of the plane have been seen' The United Nations terrorist list, which includes a Canadian who the government won't let back into the country, is not 100 per cent reliable, a UN official says. Today marks the 42nd anniversary of the occupation of the West Bank.' British Cabinet Reshuffle as Another Minister Resigns accusing PM Brown of running a twotier government and treating her and other women ministers as little more than female window dressing' German radio is reporting that the Great AngloAmerican invasion has begun. We are denying these reports as German propaganda. Nonetheless here is what they say. (Archival Audio)' The shot that changed Germany' Pakistan  One Ahmadi trader killed while another escapes from attempted beheading by fundamentalists' At least 29 children have been killed in a fire that swept through a staterun daycare centre in northwestern Mexico, officials say' S.Korea says no compromise against North's threats Ambush kills aides to proTaliban Pakistani cleric' This is what defeat looks like' The Icesave contract to be signed tonight  Icelandic news in English' Brown waits on reshuffle response' North Korea pledges to retaliate against South Korea for joining PSI' Peruvian police captives killed' Rescuers search for dozens missing in China landslide' ISP head  Illegal downloading cannot be stopped. We need to be careful that politicians do not get talked into putting legislation in place that, in the end, ends up looking stupid' A Man died after a driver and technician from my local ambulance station took a detour on the way to hospital because the technician's shift had ended 'When antinarcotics agents first heard that drug cartels were building an armada of submarines to transport cocaine, they thought it was a joke. ..' UK's Labour party suffers wipeout in its worst local election results WikiLeaks wins Amnesty International 2009 Media Award' Parents of the children trapped in a burning Mexican day care center rammed their vehicles into the building to try to free the trapped children' When a 'Chosen' Tibetan Lama Says No Thanks  TIME The European elections results 2009 website will open on June 7 at 18.00 CET.' Pakistani villagers rise up against Taliban'  Wikipedia 'sentinel' quits after using alias to alter entries UK elects first fascist MEP. Whatever happened to harmless protest votes?' Tourist clings on for dear life as on train journey in Australia.  ' On the fourth day of settler violence How long before Israeli Civil War?' Chomsky on Obama's Cairo speech. The eldest son of North Korean leader Kim Jongil tells Japanese TV he believes his younger brother is leaderinwaiting.' The wife of Mir Hossein Mousavi, Ahmadinejads main rival in upcoming election has threatened to sue Ahmadinejad over his remarks' Deadly gun battle rocks Acapulco' Tibetans are only as oppressed as all Chinese are.' Eighteen people, including two soldiers, were killed Saturday in a gunbattle between the Mexican army and organizedcrime suspects in the Mexican resort town of Acapulco' UK 'must log' phone and web use, says former spy chief Indians Shot from Helicopters for Peru Free Trade Oil ' Journalism in Russia The most dangerous thing right now is not to criticize the authorities, It's to criticize people who can kill you. The people Kanev writes about can kill. That is his problem. Swing right in Europe' Villagers in northwest Pakistan have attacked Taliban militants killing seven of them in revenge for a bomb attack on a mosque that killed at least 40 people' The Barbarians at the Gate  Why has policing in Britain gone so mad? ' Pirate Party Wins and Enters The European Parliament | Torre' From their own website The BNP is an ethnonationalist party. We do not have, and will not have, any nonwhite or Muslim members.' Becoming a soldier in Croatia will now give you the right to smoke marijuana  War veterans can smoke pot in Croatia' $134.5 billion in US government securities seized from Japanese nationals, not clear whether real or fake' Somali Islamists have taken to desecrating the graves of Sufi muslims, calling them idolatrous,  and now some Sufis are taking up arms against a foreign idealogy' Khmer Rouge prison chief admits his staff murdered babies by smashing them against trees at a killing field' Hizbullah defeated in Lebanon parliamentary elections' Sophisticated Europeans, Obese Americans?  Are the Differences Between Europe and America Really That Large?' American journalists sentenced to 12 years hard labor in North Korea' North Korea's top court has convicted two U.S. journalists, and sentenced them to 12 years in labor prison How Pirates Shook European Politics' North Korea bans ships off east coast amid fears of missile launch ' UK  Labour has suffered its worst postwar election result as it was beaten into third place by UKIP and saw the BNP gain its first seats at Brussels.' China is now the world's No. 2 arms spender. Still, the U.S. is far ahead in first place with 42% of total world arms expenditures. Sweden's Pirate Party captures Euro seat Body of American mountain climber found in SW China; search continues for two other climbers' IDF kills 4 Gaza gunmen; Karni crossing closed to fuel and goods' David Carradine was killed because he was investigating kung fu crime lords' Drudge Retort 'Europe Isn't Afraid of Cleared Gitmo Detainees' Pirate Bay Nemesis Has Name Changed By Pranksters' N. Korea Sentences 2 U.S. Journalists to 12 Years of Hard Labor ' Real IRA chief to blame for Omagh' Fascism Returns to Europe (check out those uniforms)' Not happy with the results of the election? Tinker with the election system. Changes are being proposed to the European Parliament elections that would bring some stability into the system.' Listen to the head of the BNP defending his party, really quite disgusting' Won't see this on CNN... Reddit what do you think about this? The puzzling crash of Air Frances Flight 447 killed two of the worlds most prominent illegal arms trade and international drug trafficking foes.' The world's biggest military spenders by population [chart] Economist magazines annual liveability index  Australian and Canadian cities at the top... American cities slide.' 24 bodies, tail part recovered in Air France crash' Prestigious university in Tokyo has become a battleground in a war over freedom of political expression. Illegal arrests, forced expulsions, kidnappings by security police and  beatings by hired thugs. No, it's not another dispatch from a violent  banana republic.' Netanyahu is an idiot.  The US should respond to his statements by cutting off funds to Israel.' North Korea would use nuclear weapons in a merciless offensive' China moves to censor home computers' The End of the Taliban?' Will Iran's 'Marriage Crisis' Bring Down Ahmadinejad?  TIME Air France 447 The Coffin Corner and a Mesoscale Maw' Royal Dutch Shell settles suit over hanging Nigerian protesters, still denies involvement.' World Health Organization is on verge of declaring H1N1 flu a pandemic, but doesn't want everyone to panic Mom left her eight children for more than a week in lifethreatening squalor for internet lover' China, Russia, Iran and Venezuela upping foreign aid to poor countries' English villagers try to save struggling pubs' Pakistan hotel shattered by blast' 30,000 Pregnant Women a Year Lose Their Jobs' North Korea threatens nuclear response' The Fritzl fiasco ... Or how the police can be useless as hell when it come to saving people (like it is supposed to do)' Map of North Korean Prison Camps' 24 hurt after a bottle of acid is tossed off the top of a building in Hong Kong.  Third acid attack there in 6 months.' Shell settles human rights suit for $15.5m; acknowledges no wrongdoing in the 1995 hanging deaths of six people, including  Ken SaroWiwa' Khmer Rouge chief says babies were 'smashed to death' WTF UK police are teaching children to spot terrorists  More than 2,000 10 and 11yearolds will see a short film, which urges them to tell the police, their parents or a teacher if they hear anyone expressing extremist views!' Election fever as Iran prepares to vote  'Ahmadinejad bye bye  they shout' Hello reddit, Here is a couple of pictures I took yesterday in Tehran, Iran. There was a large rally everywhere against Ahmadinejad before the Presidential Elections.' Chinese state media praise Shanghai's gay pride festival in a sign of new official acceptance of homosexuality. We don't need no CCTV in our classroom Our school's installation of TV cameras to watch our lessons is an insult  a fact many adults failed to grasp when we protested Canada introduces mandatory minimum sentencing for marijuana in spite of the fact that the majority of Canadians believe the consumption of cannabis should be legalized. [Apologies for crossposting Reddit but I cant even begin to explain how Fucked Up this is] ' French 3 strikes and your out against illegal downloading declared unconstitutional by the highest constitutional authority in France ' French ThreeStrikes Law Ruled Unconstitutional' Think the US waterboarding terrorist suspects is bad? In the UK our COPS waterboard people accused of DRUG offences!' The first panicky retreat in the war on free speech in the UK has begun' The president of Afghanistan's brother is a highlevel player in the Afghan heorin trade Girls of Pyongyang The Unknowns in the Case of Lee & Ling' Israeli military developing battlefield robot snake ' 60 die in Peru rainforest protest; Clashes between police and indigenous protesters over drilling for oil and gas in rain forest' Macedonia says France will say THE ALIENS ARE HERE!' Laidoff workers to revive old Polaroid factory' Hezbollah says it's willing to turn a new page and behave in a highly positive manner and cooperate with the other side... If it decides on a programme, a vision and a method that is different from the past and that opens new horizons, they will find us by their side.  Here's to hoping.' Could North Korea Provoke a New Korean War?' A customer relations officer from Ellesmere Port has been electronically tagged for two months, given a curfew and ordered to pay 2,440.66 in costs for leaving a 15weekold kitten alone for two days. Politicians and bankers walk away scott free' Palau to take Guantanamo Uighurs' France will disclose ET presence on earth Friday June 12 2009' War criminal who killed tens of thousands of people, drinking coffe in the Belgrade downtown' Israeli Minister proposes Israeli sanctions on US' If China can do it  why cant the US, UK, EU?' Prehistoric Complex Including Two 6,000 Y.O Tombs Discovered' When Frank McGarahan saw a homeless man being beaten up, he stepped in  and paid for his courage with his life.' This is what Canadas government is doing Money earmarked to support wind energy producers was diverted to research and development in the oil patch in backroom budget wrangling  lets bring down these SOBs ' The Generation Born of Rape during the Rwandan Genocide  I must be honest with you I never loved this child' Damn, this is cruel, even for the Middle East Palestinians with critically ill babies denied treatment unless they collaborate with Israeli intelligence ' Iran's elections are a few hours away LA Times had a good piece this morning on the current climate in Iran Sports car maker Koenigsegg buys Saa I wandered in a sea of green ribbons, hats, banners and bandannas to a rally at which Ahmadinejad was mocked as a midget and Moussavis wife, Zahra Rahnavard, sporting a floral hijab that taunted greyblack officialdom, warned the president that If there is vote rigging, Iran will rise up.' Shell brutality not restricted to Nigerians  troublesome Irish fisherman's boat sunk by masked Shell security personnel It is getting harder to hide the superiority complexity of the settler movement I don't believe in western morality, i.e. don't kill civilians or children ... don't shoot until they shoot first because it is immoral 2 Japanese arrested after trying to smuggle $134 bil worth of U.S. bonds into Switzerland  WTF?' Gaddafi It is not a piracy, it is self defense. It is defending the Somalia children's food!''' A 72yearold greatgrandmother in Texas has threatened to sue police after an officer tased her.' Venezuela bans Coke Zero, cites danger to health' The global economic meltdown has claimed an unexpected victim North Koreas chain of restaurants in Southeast Asia. Though staunchly socialist at home, the North Korean government has been quite successful in running capitalist enterprises abroad.' European election 60% abstain; big gains for the right; revolutionary left wins seats in Portugal and Ireland' WHO declares pandemic level 6. Fearmongering to continue at levels not seen since 1968.' Who Is Winning the Arctic Game of Monopoly?' Police count the cost of migrants' Free Wifi internet for Romanians ' WHO World now at the start of 2009 influenza pandemic' In the Name of Mine. El Salvador's civil war, 1980's. Americanbacked death squads terrorize the countryside. Several brave journalists spent weeks with the FMLN resistance, filming their fight for justice. Part 1 of 8.' Peled proposes Israeli sanctions on US' Canada to stop producing medical isotopes.' Indian Prostitutes Learn Karate To Fight Johns, Pimps' India lodges protest against Chinese drugs with fake 'Made in India' tag Darkness falls. Berlusconi decree on wiretapping is the end of justice, press freedom and blogs in Italy. It's the night of democracy and too many are asleep A ghettoized Gaza bears striking similarities to the Warsaw ghetto.' Iran rivals BOTH declare victory in elections.' Hidden Truth  Women are abusers too.' Two japanese citizens were detained in Italy after allegedly attempting to take $134 billion worth of U.S. bonds over the border into Switzerland. ' Bosses at the bakery in Valencia are accused of dumping him 100m (330 feet) from the hospital entrance and throwing the severed limb in a garbage bin.' They (Amazon indigenous) are not first class citizens. Alan Garcia  President  of Peru'  U.S. student at Italian murder trial says police beat her' Italy  Customs Finds $134 Billion in a Suitcase' Natural Growth Means Whatever the Israeli Government Wants it To Mean  Just ask the Israeli Arabs or Palestinians.  If you're the wrong demographic no housing for you Iran's old guard are poised to crush any hope of revolution. Sad plight of Pakistan's displaced To the Iranian redditors Who do you think is gonna win today? Will it be rigged or does the oppostion have a real chance?' 'We were scared and crying, we didn't know where we were or what was happening' Finding a solution to Australian racism attacks on Indian students!' Ahmadinejad loses Iran's presidential election according to Mousavi D.C. manicurist raised more than $250,000 to build school in native Ethiopia' Mexican State Confiscates Rifles from Local Cops' Iran Presidential debate  Mousavi  Ahmadinejad' Starving Gaza items banned from entering Gaza Halva, tea, juice powder.' Gay Israelis prepare for their big day' In the end, though, no matter how and why Europeans voted last week, they appear convinced that their economic fate will not be decided in Paris or Berlinlet alone in Brussels or Strasbourgbut in Washington, D.C.' Dem's Draft of HelthCare Bill to Include $600 Billion Tax Increase...cost over $1 Trillion Palestine / Israel  Police discover the corpse of a 15 year old Palestinian boy who had been tortured and then hanged.' &lt;BREAKING&gt; Iran rivals claim poll victory ' The BBC explains how Iran is ruled (with a helpful chart)' YouTube  mass demonstration against Iranian government and Election fraud' Muslim cleric condemns suicide attacks and denounces Taliban as murderers, in response gets mudered by the Taliban in a sucide attack.' Media Misreports on Biased Pirate Bay Judge  New York Times claim appeal was denied' N. Korea to treat U.S. attempt to impose blockade as act of war' Ahmadinejad wins the iranian ellections, some people are doubting the results here in Iran. Here is a video I took, more info in comments' Iranian protesters stopping a policeman' WORLD Please read, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man and The Secret History of the American Empire by John Perkins (Former EHM)' Chinese sub collides with sonar array towed by U.S. Navy ship ' Apparently Iran's election results were declared invalid  does that mean a doover? Latest protest videos from Iran' Robert Mugabe in 1962' Iran elections revolt as crowds protest at Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's 'rigged' victory Occasional Taliban I am just fighting for the money [about $20/week], he said. If I find another job, Ill leave this one as soon as possible.' North Korea says it will weaponize its plutonium stocks in response to sanctions from the UN.  ' People in Iran have gone out to streets to protest the results of Ahmedinejad winning and chanting Dictator (People are angry) [Pics]' Iran's suspicious election data not so suspicious 'Settler' gets away with shooting Palestinians, video evidence against him is being withheld because apparently it would harm 'state security' Riots in Iran. A civil war in the making? [video]' Iran Ahmadinejad had 65.9 percent and Mousavi had 31.1 percent with 68 percent counted  Both delare victory amid fraud charges' First polls for Iranian election give Ahmadinejad commanding lead. His challenger, Mir Hossein Mousavi, is claiming irregularities. Police moved quickly to quell small protests.' Iran Live blogging Protests Erupt, Riot Police Launch Crackdown. ' Iran's Presidential Election (Big Picture photos) It's police vs. police in Mexican drug war Top French court rips heart out of Sarkozy internet law' CNN takes a hit in the PR Department with the lack of Iran Riot coverage' Letter from Mousavi (in English) on the rigged elections in Iran' Watch what those BRUTAL Iranian people did to this riot police officer after they caught him' Hossein Moussavi was told yesterday that he had won the Iranian elections.  Hours later, the Ministry inexplicably reversed itself. Until we know what happened, the international community should withhold recognition.' Mousavi Arrested, Rafsanjani Resigns, Iranian Police Fleeing from Demonstrators' Stop the blocking now' YouTube  Iranian riot police on motorbikes drives into protesters' Best part of the Iranian protests dancing with the opposite sex' How serious do you think the situation in Iran is? Will it all just blow over, or will this be a full scale revolution?' Iran closes Al Arabiya's offices in Tehran video of cops in motorcycles bullrushing a peaceful crowd' North Korea warns of nuclear war.' A 'time bom for world wheat crop While we're bashing CNN  what's the point of having a 24 hour news station when you're always 'running out of time'? Dutch politician Geert Wilders seriously considers deportation of milions of European muslims and robbing them of their nationality.' Amazing slideshow of most recent Iran photos on Flickr' BBC  Protest against Iran election results' YouTube  Esfehan after iranian election. Riot police running away' Shit hits the fan in Iran, Ahmadinejad defiant' A Closer Look at Iran's State of Internet, Strange Transit Changes in Wake of Controversial Election China's College Entrance Exam YouTube  Iranian Election Riots 2009 [Raw Video]' Iranian election an attempted coup | ' Secret papers 'show how Shell targeted Nigeria oil protestsy providing Nigerian police and military with logistical support, and aided security sweeps of the oilrich Niger Delta Up to 100 members of Iranian reformist groups are arrested on suspicion of orchestrating violence after President Ahmadinejad's disputed reelection. 'TV pictures from Tehran delivered a stark reminder that Iran is not a backward country of medieval fanatics, but a modern nation with 70 million people, two thirds of whom are under 30 and have the same interests and aspirations as their Western counterparts' Message from Mousavi I AM UNDER EXTREME PRESSURE TO ACCEPT THE RESULTS OF THE SHAM ELECTION. THEY HAVE CUT ME OFF FROM ANY COMMUNICATION WITH PEOPLE AND AM UNDER SURVEILLANCE. I ASK THE PEOPLE TO STAY IN THE STREETS BUT AVOID VIOLENCE' Iran protest cancelled as leaked election results show Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came third' They have started to kill Iranian demonstrators.' [IRAN] Woman fighting 3 cops' North Korea threatens to launch preemptive strike against U.S.' Breaking Iran TV says shooting at proMousavi rally' Whatever happens in the days ahead, the world has now seen the tyranny raw. The least we owe the protestors is not to look away.' [TIME poll on Iran election] Does Iowa know something that the rest of the country doesnt?'  Ayatollah Ali Khamenei orders inquiry into voterigging claims' Christopher Hitchens Don't call what happened in Iran last week an election Nate Silver weighs in on the Iranian election and preelection polling.' Reddit seems to be the only place where I can read about the riots in Iran...Are all the other major news networks on holidays?' Unrest in Iran Deepens as Leading Critics Are Detained' Either way, have no doubt, the IRI, the Islamic Republic of Iran, is over.' Most iranians believe that a lot of the commandos on the bikes are Hezbollah arabs brought in to do to the citizens what a Persian cop would refuse to do' Reddit, Twitter's service provider (Verio) is planning an outage this evening. Spread the word to convince them to delay the downtime. Iran needs Twitter tonight! Globe and Mail freelancer detained, beaten, let go in Tehran  Seven officers ran up to join in the slapping, and one punched me in the head. A large officer, about 6 foot 4 and dressed in camouflage, grabbed me by the neck, pinching my jugular but not my wind pipe.' Iran supreme leader orders probe of vote fraud' How to setup a proxy for Iran citizens (for Windows!)' 1.5 to 2 million people (AFP) demonstrate in Iran as one of the biggest signs of resistance to Iranian government. Meanwhile, student dorms at Sharif University destroyed, students killed, and over 100 professors have resigned.' Iran Election They did not permit the candidates to supervise the election or the counting of the ballots at the polling places. The minister of the interior supervised the final count in his office, at the ministry, with only two aides present.' Man 'cooked' to death in Australian prison van. Coroner will ask for criminal charges. Hackers worldwide launch DDOS attacks on Iranian government websites in support of demonstrators; some activists warn that this could backfire by excusing Iran's own cyber warfare. Iran's Disputed Election  The Big Picture Yall wanna see feminism? Patriotism? There you go. [Iranian Woman]' 2 MILLION protesters fill the streets of Tehran [pics]' North Korean heir tries to assassinate his elder brother' Comprehensive breakdown of the current situation in Iran (please add so we can keep this uptodate and accurate)' Masked police brutality in Iran (as captured on video) reaches new heights. ( (' Somali navy chief World's worst job? He has neither boats nor equipment and admits he has not been to sea for 23 years.' Iran 12 students reported killed in crackdown after violent clashes' Former US President Jimmy Carter has said he had to hold back tears while viewing destruction on a visit to Gaza.' Hamas says Jimmy Carter is the messenger that we trust  and that the world community trusts.' Blood runs in the streets of Tehran as technology becomes the enemy of the state along with protesters' All violent video games to be banned in Germany  The law would result in no Call of Duty, no God of War, no Crysis, no World of Warcraft, no BioShock, no Uncharted, and no Grand Theft Auto.' U.S. journalists confessed to illegally entering N. Korea (They video taped their crossing)' Massive protests in Isfahan, Iran now'  UPDATE 1155 a.m.  Mass opposition rally in Northern Tehran, a stronghold of the opposition. Mir Hossein Mousavi had told supporters not to assemble, but they merely changed the venue.' turban warfare wtf' Carter says Palestinians being treated 'like animals' If that area were covered in solar thermal power plants, it could produce enough electricity to meet world demand Europe's 400 billion investment in renewable energy' KBR Complains Abiding By U.S. Laws Puts Company at a Competitive Disadvantage' Top Israeli minister calls a cop Dirty Ara. Minister later apologizes and says that it does not reflect his worldview. I'm sure it doesn't (/s). Why isn't this in the news?' Grand Ayatollah Montazeri Takes A Stand' Free Anonymous VPN For All Iranians and Journalists to protect Free Speech. Help Spread the Word' Iranian Election Recount' Gaza police deny report of failed Carter assassination attempt (See comment for original report)' Cruise and Travolta got me fired' ISP spying begins in UK, as Universal, Virgin ink a deal' The man who leaked the real election results from the Interior Ministry  the ones showing Ahmadinejad coming third  was killed in a suspicious car accident (1100am Posting)' A Chinese waitress who stabbed a gov't official to death when he tried to sexually assault her has been freed at the start of her trial  Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri, Iran's most senior Islamic cleric threw his weight behind opposition charges that Ahmadinejad's reelection was rigged A government not respecting people's vote has no religious or political legitimacy, ' Turnouts of more than 100% were recorded in at least 30 Iranian towns in last week's disputed presidential election, opposition sources have claimed. China+Russia+India+Brazil form bloc intended to challenge US dominance' They made signs like they wanted to cut my brother's baby's throat,. They said they wanted to kill us.  More than 100 Romanian Gypsies chased out of their Belfast homes by thugs armed with bottles and Nazi salutes.' Iranian soccer players wear green for live televised game.' Turnouts above 100% in 30 Iranian towns' Green Hope of the Iranian Opposition  Incredible Pics from the People of Iran' Graphic Picture Warning! 21+ A protester slaughtered in the hands of Ahmadinejad's zombies Essential quote from the protests in Iran 140 characters is a novel when youre being shot at.' Iranians warned not to use sites such as Twitter' Iran vs USA [comic]' The nano home India's cheap housing boom. (Builders are constucting flats outside of the cities  where land is expensive  and selling living units for as little as US$4,500) Beijing stipulates that $586 billion in stimulus funds be spent only on Chinese goods' Iranian protesters report that imported Hamas thugs are helping crush dissent' Cyberwar guide for Iran elections' A Brutally Honest Film About The Killing of 23,000 Dolphins' Mass dolphin stranding linked to navy exercises' Iran widens jamming of BBC as Revolutionary Guard cautions bloggers' Ahmadinejad Lying Again With Photoshop' Why hasn't the Iranian govt. blocked Twitter in Iran?  If they can't, why not?  Or is it because they haven't tried? Attention Iranian Redditors! Help the Iranian bloggers spoof your MAC address and tunnel through an SSH account to mask your IP so it looks like you're not in TEHRAN. Security forces hunting for bloggers using IP and MAC searches. If you are all h@x0rz it's much harder to find you. Memo which proves the fix in Iran? (need translation)' British Airways asks staff to work for nothing  [NOT Onion]' It's the law and it's official. Vancouver, site of the 2010 Winter Olympics, has forbidden police to seize cameras unless part of an arrest, or a warrant has been issued. 1 Out Of 4 Men In South Africa Have Commited Rape. 1 Out Of 10 SA Men Have Been Raped By Other Men.' They broke the door and entered the dormitory. I saw today all the doors had been broken. They hit my friends while they were asleep. They brought them to the yard and hit them again. They arrested about 200  five or six were killed.' 2,000 indigenous people from the Association for the Development of the Peruvian Jungle gathered to protest plans for the U.S.Peru Trade Promotion Agreement.  At least 50 are dead and 100s missing after Peruvian police used helicopters and ground troops to suppress the demonstration.' FiveThirtyEight, one of the best election and polling analysis sites, is doubtful of the statistical evidence of vote fraud in Iran' News from Iran liveblog Microsoft continues to block its internet messaging service in Iran (see 300pm update) Who's side are they on??? Peru's President Alan Garcia has Finally Admitted that the Government Has Made Mistakes and Did not Properly Consult Amazonian Tribes in Regard to Several Laws that Would Allow Oil Exploration and Affect Their Lands He is Now Asking Congress to Repeal Those Laws Peru is Moving Forward The Pirate Bay is now The Persian Bay  Another site supporting Iran' The Iranian protesters are effective because they're nonviolent... and there are women and children involved. The regime doesn't now how to handle this. Protestors hold children, photos of murdered students, quotes by Gandhi, signs like we are the nation, not rabble ' Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is about to issue warning of severe consequences if protests continue' Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has almost no support among Kurds whatsoever. Claiming he won 70 percent in Kermanshah is as outlandish as Dick Cheney winning San Francisco and Berkeley in a landslide.' UK is doing away with fundamental rights! First trial without jury approved' Ebrahim Yazdi, Irans former foreign minister, thrown in jail' War Nerd Irans Cedar Show, A.K.A. Dont Get Excited, the Protestors Are Just Letting Off Some Steam  By Gary Brecher  The eXiled' After half time they removed their Green bands, knowing that they would have to fly back toTehran after the game' Twitter won't bring down Ahmadinejad |Twitter won't bring down Ahmadinejad. The real action in Iran is in the streets. Social media is documenting the revolution  not leading it Iran's Supreme Leader to Give Sermon on Friday at Tehran University, Site of Crackdown on Democracy Protestors National anthem will be played daily in some Canadian schools. Canada emulating US patriotic facade' Irans Election Chaos. Iran braced for a fourth day of massive protests Thursday by opponents of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. We support our revolution. Most of people are with green flags supporting the opposition. + Good video inside' Tony Blair knew of secret policy on terror interrogations | Politics | The Guardian' Shocking statistic One in four South African men questioned in a survey said they had raped someone and nearly half admitted having attacked more than one victim.' Italian Minister of Tourism doing the Fascist Salute over the National Anthem  She's the one in pink [VID]' Wrecked the house after the bank auctioned it off  Iceland' Borderline Bigots  Mexico Tells Immigrants No Way, Jos' Mistaken for a protester in Tehran, an officer grabbed me, pinned my arm behind my back and led me into the bowels of the Interior Ministry headquarters'  Department of Defense maps of probable Soviet World War III plans' Israeli troops humiliate Palestinians  and put it on YouTube [Actual Israeli newspaper headline]' Australia considering taking legal action against Japan to stop it killing whales' It's important to understand that although there is amazing ferment taking place in Iran, that the difference between Ahmadinejad and Moussavi in terms of their actual policies may not be as great as has been advertised, Obama told CNBC' First of several upcoming gifts for North Korea' Iranian soldiers break into dorms, destroy property of sleeping women they call rioters' Israeli human rights organizations call for investigation after two IDF commanders testify about extensive and routine use of violence and injurious, even lethal means, against Palestinians. Complaints such as this have been filed in the past, but denied. Can Israel ignore the evidence this time?' Responding to protests from indigenous groups, Peru's congress has overturned two presidential decrees that would have opened the Peruvian Amazon to logging, dams and oil drilling by American companies. A report in Japans Yomiuri newspaper says Pyongyang is planning to fire a longrange ballistic missile at Hawaii on July 4. ' Anonymous Joins Fight Against Tyranny In Iran' Iran's Supreme Leader gives the green light to Basij to crack down hard on peaceful demonstrators. Google adds Persian to its translator.  Now you can keep even closer tabs on Iran.' Under these conditions, it is essentially no more difficult to steal a thousand votes than one, a million than a thousand, or 11 million than one million.' Iran says it will not be held responsible for loodshed' on the streets FUCK YES  Anonymous and Pirate Bay Unite to help Iranian democracy activists !!' For only the second time in footballing history one of the world's most isolated countries has won itself an invite to the sport's biggest party. Man dies after being tasered 28 times.  Taser gun The 50,000 volt shock can cause injury, heart attacks and lead to fatalities.' A 1990 article by an eyewitness to the 1989 Tiananmen massacre' Swine Flu Mutation Found in Brazil' Ayatollah Ali Khamenei strongly backs Ahmadinejad, declares that the election was over and that there was no cheating. ' Khamenei condemns protests, attacks Great Britain as most treacherous power in the West... ' Stanford CEO Indicted On Fraud, Obstruction Charges in $7 Billion Alleged Ponzi Scheme' Australia questions China's support for Fiji Will France Impose a Ban on the Burqa?' World has new oldest man. This guy fought in WWI and was 73 when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon.' Moussavi supported the Iran hostage situation, defended the Fatwa against Salman Rushdie and was complicit in the execution of antiestablishment dissidents.  Then he quit politics for 20 years and everyone forgot.' Crooks in Parliament  More than 50 MPs have claimed expenses for council tax they have not paid  will they be charged with criminal fraud? ' Tehran Street Photos  On the Brink...' Iranian Blogger gets ready for tomorrow's protest expecting not to come back alive. Writes down what maybe his last words. I will participate in the demonstrations tomorrow.  Maybe they will turn violent.  Maybe I will be one of the people who is going to get killed...' A New York Times reporter who was kidnapped by the Taliban has escaped and made his way to freedom after more than seven months of captivity in the mountains of Afghanistan and Pakistan.' Breaking  street fighting in Tehran, cars on fire, gun shot at people from roofs [BBC Persian Video]' [video] Teheran today. There's a huge number of people on the streets! The UK has made it clear to an Iranian diplomat that Ayatollah Khamenei's description of the British government as evil is unacceptable.' Iran opposition defies ayatollah, schedules protests on Saturday (huge potential for violence)' Antifree speech? UK courts now discredited the world over' Violent clashes in Tehran as Iranian protesters defy Supreme Leader  Telegraph' Gunman firing down indiscriminately into the crowds of protesters in Tehran' Ayatollah Ali Khamenei The outstanding diplomats of some western countries who have talked to us with diplomatic courtesy up to now... are showing their true image. They are showing their true enmity towards the Iranian Islamic state and the most evil of them is the British government.' My small piece I turned my server into an anonymity server to help my Iranian friends to have net access. ' Ayatollah Ali Khamenei End protests or risk bloodshed' Andrew Sullivan LiveBlogging the Crisis in Iran' The Situation in Iran Ongoing NY Times Updates' Witnesses report fierce clashes on Tehran streets Police beat protesters and fired tear gas and water cannons at thousandsn' Sam Imam, Do You Like Green Protest Plans? [great comic]' Bomb Blast Strikes Near Shrine of Iran's Revolutionary Founder, Iranian TV Reports  Iran protesters blocked from Tehran square  UPI.com' Iran If Ron Paul Is The Only Member Of Congress With His Head Screwed On Right, We Are Really In Trouble' Google is denying ads to pro Palestine web sites, censoring Israeli war crime videos, and refusing to let the Israeli lobby be exposed on campus. Don't be evil? Don't be Google. The German Pirate Party may soon have a MP.' Woman killed in protests (Iran) *shocking, nsfw.' Fuck Yeah! Basij headquarters in Tehran has been destroyed [Video]' Seed monopolies lead to harvest of suicides. [S]eeds are transformed from being a common good into then'intellectual property' of companies such as Monsanto, for ... farmers, this means deeper debts.' UK Police arrest protesters for challenging officer with no badge number' Her name was Neda' Riot in central China [ViDEO]' Arrested for asking a policeman for his badge number [VID]' 100,000 Flood the Streets of London, in Protests of Sri Lanka's Concentration Camps. Yes A few people have died in Iran, over 80,000 People and Children have been slaughtered by the Sri Lankan Government!  (CNN)  RIP NEDA, The World cries seeing your last breath, you didn't die in vain. We remember you.  The name of the girl who died on camera becomes international rallying cry.' Prime Minister of Zimbabwe visits London to give speech to exiled Zimbabweans, tells them all to come back home.  Crowd drifts from uncontrollable laughter to booing to chanting AssHole!' Report More votes than voters in Iran' Parallels of Iran today and the 1979 revolution. By a BBC reporter who is present for both.' Mousavi Defies Khamenei;nPolice Attack Protesters at Inqilab Square;nDowntown Tehran Burning ' The Arctic island of Greenland is assuming selfrule, in the latest step towards independence from Denmark.' The US Wants To Police Everyone Else's Nukes Yet Can't Even Keep Track of Their Own A Deeper Look at The Iranian Firewall' All together, all together, dont be scared (call me crazy, but I broke out in tears when I read that)' Are the Iranian Protests Another US Orchestrated Color Revolution?' 'Nedaecomes rallying cry for Iranian protests In Tehran, an eerie calm as death toll jumps to 17n' A Supreme Leader Loses His Aura as Iranians Flock to the Streets ' 10 killed after violence erupts in Iran  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)' Arrests of Rafsanjani kin show Iran clerics split' BBC correspondent in Tehran is expelled from country' State TV report said 10 killed and more than 100 wounded in clashes between police and terrorist groups in Tehrannn' Another site showing pictures of protesters for Identification by the Basij! Help bring it down!' Israel Sells Palestinian homes That Were Held In Trust' This Site is posting photos of opposition figures (protestors) in Iran, asking people to turn in information about them. What can we do about this, Reddit?' At 1am on June 19, police and funeral cars arrived at the hotel, wanting to take the body away. 2,000 Shishou residents blocked the hotel entrance to protect Xu's corpse. ' Suck on Our Yachts Goldman Sachs Issues NonApology for Destroying the World Economy Goldman Sachs chief Lloyd Blankfein says he's sorry, then proceeds to brag about screwing us all. ' Iran's Guardian Council, a top review panel with responsibility for overseeing the June 12 presidential election, said it had uncovered some irregularities in the polls, finding the number of votes in 50 districts exceeded the number of voters. Bahrain has ordered the closure of a prominent newspaper after it printed an article critical of political leaders in its powerful Gulf neighbour Iran.' US Drug War Money Funded Peru Indigenous Massacre'  The number of trucks entering the Gaza Strip is very close to the absolute minimum required for basic sustenance, as determined by the IDF itself.' Iran Admits Discrepancies in 3 Million Votes' A U.N. court trying masterminds of Rwanda's 1994 genocide Monday gave a 30year jail sentence to a former interior minister accused of tricking thousands of people to hide on a hill before they were killed.  Iranians can draw on a rich culture of resistance to authority, going back to the countrys first experiments with constitutional rule, a hundred years ago.' Iran asks BBC reporter to leave ' French President Nicolas Sarkozy has spoken out strongly against the wearing of the burka by Muslim women in France' The president of the southern Russian republic of Ingushetia has survived an assassination attempt' Iranian forces ready to clear country of 'hooligans' Iranian leaders will always believe AngloSaxons are plotting against them  Christopher Hitchens' The war of gold against humanity. Many of the evils of the world are still the result of the greed of a few' Modern Iranian Culture for Dummies' Want to see which countries are pulling their weight for humanity? Rank them by their Nobel Laureates per capita.' Split deepens between Iranian reformist and conservative clerics' Greenland assumes selfrule' Researchers compared official Iranian election results with those from the 2005 election, and say that what they found raises questions, a euphemism for makes no sense.' Increasingly casual use of blinding lasers by US forces is proving dangerous to its own troops, as well as innocent foreign civilians under their occupation.' Israel speaks out in favor of Iranian people...interesting' URGENT New Video MANY students shot & killed by Basiji gun fire in Iran' Iranian authorities scramble to negate Neda Soltan 'martyrdom' tell family to take down mourning posters, ban a public funeral or wake, stop gatherings in her name and media not to mention her death Iran Had a Democracy Before We Took It Away' Police Medic [pic]' A commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards has been arrested for refusing to use force on protesters and defying Khamenei's orders Girl with 56 stars tattooed on face admits lying  Update ' General Ali Fazli, commander of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards, has been arrested for refusing to obey Iran's Supreme Leader A US drone strike killed least 45 people, that were   attending a funeral for others killed in a US drone  strike earlier on Tuesday.' Meanwhile in China Tens of thousands fight the police.  200+ injured.' Four Iranian players hit with lifetime ban for wearing green wristbands' All the fudge that allowed a modern society to coexist with a theocracy inspired by an imam occulted in the 9th century has been swept away, leaving two Irans at war.' Iranian security forbids Neda's family from putting up traditional black mourning banners on their home and forbids memorial service. Do as we say not as we do U.S. troops opened fire at former Iraqi soldiers demonstrating to demand back wages outside the American headquarters in Baghdad Wednesday, killing two protesters during a chaotic, rockthrowing melee.' Iran Rafsanjani Poised to Outlflan Supreme Leader Khamenei' Canadian Firms Sued For Investing in Israeli Settlements' Iranian Regime Now Claiming Neda's Death Was Staged. Israel stunned by Obama's tough love  no longer more equal than others [Unconfirmed] [Need Translation] The Smoking Gun in Iran?  Video shows Ahmadi admitting to the rigged election?  ' The Truth RundownHighranking defectors provide an unprecedented inside look at the nChurch of Scientology and its leader, David Miscavige. ' The Peruvian Amazon Explodes, But Is Anyone Watching?' Man digs 50ft hole to fish  in his kitchen' Iran says courts will teach protesters a lesson' U.S. Missile Strike Kills at Least 60 in Pakistan ' [Pics & Vids] Iranian police smash property & blame it on protesters' Top Clerics in Iran Considering Removing Khamenei and Ahmadinejad' Iranian footballers who wore green armbands to support protesters forced to retire by hardline regime' Iranian Clerics Defy Ayatollah, Take to the Streets to Join the Protests' Iranian football stars 'retired' after match protest North Korea threatened Wednesday to wipe the United States off the map as Washington and its allies watched for signs the regime will launch a series of missiles in the coming days.' Protesters beaten and shot as 10,000 police launch brutal crackdown in Iran' Remember the OMG! Fraud in Iran graph that circulated? Well it was propaganda, as the same trend can be found within real time US Election data.' The original purpose of the Iraq War finally coming to fruition  Big oil back in Iraq' A 17yearold tells the story of his torture in Iran  with photos' Riot in China this week overshadowed in media by Iran (scroll down for pics/vid of police clash)' It seems to me that if your government is shooting and beating you, you no longer need to worry about your protests being peaceful' Drug use should be treated more as an illness than a crime, the head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime said as he claimed a decline in the production of cocaine and heroin worldwide.' Witnesses report clashes around Iran's parliament, many shouting 'Death to the Dictator!' Overnight, Palestinians Livelihood Destroyed by Israeli Settlers' They did things that you would not do against animals, let alone to humans, said one former detainee, identifed as Dr. Khandan, while another described having a gun put to his head and being threatened with death.' The BNP faces legal action over its apartheidstyle  membership policy that bars membership to black,  Asian and Jewish people' Protester shot in Iran, June 24th' Ghana Digital EWaste Dumping Ground' Detainees Were Also Mudered At Bagram in Afghanistan' Iraq to mark U.S. pullback with holiday.  PM calls June 30 withdrawal of American troops from cities a great victory.' What you didn't know about Iran's history, and why it may repeat itself REPOST U.S media is ignoring this story. Homeland Security, Air Marshals compromised.   ' There is a minority in Israel that is willing to risk life and limb to stand up to the occupation at its core.' While you were busy gazing at one dead woman in Iran, the USA killed 83 people in Pakistan.' A 1m British Labour Govt. scheme to help failed asylum seekers and their children return home resulted in just one family leaving Britain!' UN World Drug Report 2009' Unimaginable Horror In Tehran Today' The mass protests in Iran would not be allowed in the US either. And they weren't allowed in the US under BushCheney. Waterboarding used on marijuana suspects in London' IRAN In Baharestan we saw militia with axe choping people like meat  blood everywhere  like butcher (Pic at bottom is VERY GRAPHIC)' Hamas accepts 2 state solution' Women in Malmo, Sweden win right to go to the pool topless. Anyone else love sweden?' Jewish settlers 'want all of Jerusalem' N. Korea warns of 'dark clouds of nuclear war' The last uncontacted tribe on Earth' Canadian bill allow authorities to access personal information of ISP subscribers without a warrant' Pensioners kidnapped and tortured a financial advisor because he lost 2million of their savings. The angry pensioners, aged between 60 and 79, had apparently invested 2.4m euros (2m) in Mr Amburn's company, which he used to buy property in Florida. Bowing to pressure from Washington, Israel granted U.S.trained Palestinian security forces greater autonomy in four major West Bank cities' He decided it was time to start running when the police were coming. He turned back and saw some women still standing, These women are not afraid.' Stoned wallabies make crop circles' Reddit  150 civilians have died in suicide attacks Iraq in the last week. Onehundred and fifty. Why does it seem that nobody in the media really cares?' More people getting shot in the streets today (' United Nations praised drug decriminalization in its annual report on the state of global drug policy, especially Portugal's radical drug policy in 2001 Perfect example of political projection Israel's JPost, cheering supporters of Gaza killings, condemns world for not intervening in Iran while brave men and women fought a hopeless battle against the brutal repression of the security forces...no one lifted a finger to help them' British government warns of cyberwarfare attacks by Al Qaida, China and Russia  guess we can kiss our internet freedoms like real life ones goodbye' Free Gaza ship sets sail today [Thursday] to break  the Israeli siege and deliver tons of cement.  Passengers include Cynthia McKinney who was also  onboard the Dignity which was rammed by the  Israeli navy.' Forgive my naivete, but we thought Iraq had WMD and invaded them and N. Korea is pretty much saying they have them and they will start a war with them, why don't we invade N. Korea then? 11 bodies found inside abandoned car in Mexico' You have urinated on my jacket!  A Monkey urinates on Zambian leader' AlQaeda planning cyber war against Britain, warns Lord West' Best summary of the financial crisis that I've seen Screw You, Ahmadinejad! [pic]' Iranian cleric says rioters should be executed' New Iran video, protester shot in the head at Baharstan Square.' An Australian in North Korea  an unexpected perspective on the rogue state' Everyone's scared. There are stories going around of people arrested just because they were emailing people outside the country about what's happening in Iran, and they frighten people. Iranian cleric says rioters should be executed to teach a lesson to the thousands who have protested' Working in Dubai, one man's story of the ugliness and treachery behind the P.R. mask Representatives from 80 countries have gathered in Berlin to discuss progress of treaty banning cluster bombs. U.S., Israel, Russia, and China are not in attendance. ' Iran doctor tells of Neda's death United Nations Urged to Help Rendition Victim Kidnapped by the CIA in Italy and Tortured in Morroco ' Christopher  Hitchens. No pleasing Mullahs, so why  even try?' Alcohol blamed for millions of Russian deaths ' China argues to replace US dollar' Butcher Of The Press To Probe Iran Protesters  Iran's ruling regime has put the country's most feared, hardline prosecutor in charge of interrogating arrested protesters and journalists.' The Persian Lioness Iranian Women in History' AEG live is out of pocket to the tune of 300 million as they self insured all 50 of Michael Jackson's UK concerts. Jailed Iranian reformists tortured to force them into TV confessions of a foreignled plot against the Islamic regime, and aimed at implicating Mousavi' Japan Could Be Offered $290 Million F22' Jewish groups and representatives of 49 countries are gathering in Prague for talks on returning art and possessions stolen by the Nazis.' Copyfraud Poisoning the public domain How web giants are stealing the future of knowledge (from all of humanity)' Awaiting an End to Injustice Rendition Victim's Wife Speaks About Accountability and Torture (by Nahal Zamani) Honduran leader defies top court' June 24th footage of the Baharestan protests that left many Mousavi supporters dead (Tehran, Iran)' Ireland grants rights to samesex partnerships' In order to fight a movement powered by blogs & Twitter, Iranian gov't offers Lord of the Rings marathon to keep protesters at home Venezuela banned Coke Zero with aspartame and acesulfame K; Letter to President Hugo Chavezn' N.Korean Cargo Ship 'Approaching Moment of Truth' How can a revolution kill its children?' Protests in Iran may not be working, but protests in Peru did; logging and damning in Amazon rain forest will be avoided.' ID cards planned for India's 1.1 billion Ethnic clash in Chinese factory kills 2, hurts 118' Red Crystal to Replace Red Cross and Red Crescent'  Iran militia raids 'target homes' Saad Hariri named Lebanese prime minister' Author Naomi Klein calls for boycott of Israel' Syria threatens to take back Golan by force' How are potentially lethal Molotov cocktails that different from rocket attacks? Can the Palestinians destroy the homes of the settlers responsible for this, just as the Israelis bulldoze Palestinian homes?' Palestinian Violence Overstated, Israeli Violence Understated' Norwegian girl hit by truck, then car, then dragged 4 km under car  lives' German court upholds ban on words with Nazi link' Workers groups in Iran appreciate international solidarity day' Nazis disperse ultraorthodox Jews protesting car park' Dozens of journalists jailed in Iran' Iran's Guardian Council to set up special commission for election report For years prior to the June 2009 protests, Iran had already been undergoing a quiet but rapidly growing sexual revolution where young people, women, and gays have been speaking back to the regime with their bodies, behaviors and dress.nn' North Korea threatens to shoot down Japanese surveillance planes  ' Karim Sadjadpour The crowds have gone but  Tehran has changed forever' Mousavi rejects Iran vote recount proposal' Zimbabwes Diamond Fields Enrich Ruling Party, Report Says ' Ayatollah Rioters are enemies of God' In Tehran, a Mood of Melancholy Descends People are depressed, and they feel they have been lied to, robbed of their rights and now are being insulted. It is not just a lie; its a huge one. And it doesnt end.' While most of the world's attention is focused on thebeatings in the streets of Iran during the day, the Basijis are carrying outbrutal raids on people's apartments during the night,' Israel adopts Iranian tactics  peace activists brutally beaten by the army while extremist right wing militia burns Palestinian fields.' Ayatollah Rafsanjani is plotting to undermine the power of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei; seeks constitutional change that would replace Khamenei as the supreme leader with a small committee of senior ayatollahs' Iran detains British embassy staff' One of the wounded commented If the Taliban are bombing the mosques and America is bombing the funerals, what is the difference between them? We are stuck between Taliban and US attacks and when we are killed, not only no one cries for us, but also we are dubbed militants.' Iranian Leaders telling the public that the CIA killed Neda' Arrest of entire Iranian newspaper staff condemned' Robert Baer said on CNN that the IRG has effectively staged a coup in Iran. Here he discusses the Iranian situation at length.'  We are scared and depressed. You can see the depression on the faces of the people. But there are jokes doing the rounds too. That's how we have borne the last thirty years  by laughing at the mullahs. ' Iranian protesters avoid censorship with Navy technology' Troops arrest Honduran president' UK embassy staff arrested in Iran' Why did the world forget Neda to remember Jacko?' Ahmadinejad regime plots purge after Iran election protests Supporters of Mousavi fear that he could become another Aung San Suu Kyi' Jailed Iranian reformists have been tortured in an attempt to force them into TV confessions of a foreignled plot against the Islamic regime.' Neda AghaSoltan was denied mourning rites by Iranian authorities desperate to stifle the anger at her killing. Due to the internet, they failed!' Levelheaded article on the coup in Honduras' Parents separated from baby after transfer to US hospital because they lack passports' The death penalty a case for its prohibition around the world' Military Coup in Honduras, Soldiers arrest Honduran president' Coup underway in Honduras  The military have arrested President Jose Manuel Zelaya' Iran 'must free UK embassy staff' Now they want democracy in Myanmar!' Iran 'arrests UK embassy staff' I am from Honduras It was NOT a COUP!' Israel Privately run checkpoint stops Palestinians with 'too much food'  Israel tries to pull one on Obama Plans to build 1,450 houses in settlement as compensation for evacuating 50 houses.' India to repeal 150 year old law against homosexuality' They are still crying Allah akbar in Tehran every night. There were more clashes on the street yesterday after police beat an elderly woman. This crisis is far from over.' Honduran coup not a coup at all.  Any President who proposes to change their constitution to allow for another term will immediately cease carrying out their positions.' Red Cross Israel trapping 1.5m Gazans in despair' US Air Force Test Fires ICBM Off California Coast  Possible Warning To North Korea ' Bernard Madoff has been given a prison sentence of 150 years for masterminding a massive fraud that robbed investors of $65bn (40bn).' Chavez threatens to invade as Honduran army stages coup' The military coup that took place in Honduras this morning (Sunday, June 28), was led by School of the Americas graduate Romeo Vasquez.  Obama's statement fell short of calling for the reinstatement of Zelaya as the legitimate president.  Do you still think the CIA was not involved? Red Cross Six months after Israel launched its threeweek attack on Gaza, Gazans still cannot rebuild their lives' Israel approves 50 settler homes on the West Bank' Bolivia Condemns Honduran Coup' Honduras' Opinion Poll on changing the constitution exposes the timing and the motive for the coup. Iran Council confirms Ahmadinejad election victory' Drugresistant swine flu seen in Danish patient ' New Honduran president sworn in' Afghan leader U.S. guards killed police chief' Ahmadinejad Neda's death is 'suspicious' A provincial police chief and at least six other police have been killed in a clash with UStrained Afghan guards in Kandahar' Fireworks in Baghdad as U.S. troops leave msnbc.com' Israel plans threemonth settlement freeze  reports' NASA finds missing Moon landing tapes.' A former civil servant who wrote an internet blog imagining the kidnap and murder of the pop group Girls Aloud has been cleared of obscenity.' Iraq currently holding giant GTFO party' Yemeni airliner crashes in Indian Ocean  150 people reportedly on board; fate unknown' BREAKING  Israel attacks Gaza Freedom Boat, kidnaps human rights workers, steals medicines and toys.' Today Israeli Occupation Forces attacked and boarded the Free Gaza Movement boat, the SPIRIT OF HUMANITY, abducting 21 human rights workers from 11 countries, including Noble laureate Mairead Maguire and former U.S. Congresswoman Cynthia McKinney. ' Israel to steal the largest section of Palestinian land since 1967 (nearly 34,345 acres, includes Dead Sea beachside tourist area) ' 100,000 Hondurans strike We don't recognize this new government imposed by the oligarchy' Report Israeli Drones Killed 29 Civilians in Gaza War' URGENT ALERT  Israeli Navy surrounding Free  Gaza ship and threatening to open fire' Shell has *perpetrated* a 'human rights tragedy' in the Niger Delta Business as usual Peru approves massive oil project just days after Amazons Tiananmen' Jewish Americans surprised they were beaten up in Israel by law abiding god fearing typical Israelis' Canadian Mint 'loses' $15 million in Gold  not an accounting error.... Cynthia McKinney Reportedly Taken Captive By Israeli Navy' EPA Comes Clean with List of 44 Coal Ash Facilities' The Complicated Case of Honduras, a detailed post explaining the current situation in Honduras, unbiased.' ISRAEL ATTACKS JUSTICE BOAT; KIDNAPS HUMAN RIGHTS WORKERS; CONFISCATES MEDICINE, TOYS AND OLIVE TREES' Israeli settlers attack two Nablus villages' U.K. court Jewish school's entry policy is racist Israel along with friends like these the US is screwed big time' The Honduran military is effectively a subsidiary of the United States government. Honduras, as a whole, if any Latin American country is fully owned by the United States, its Honduras.' Over the course of several days in April last year, the boy says he was moved from an army camp to a prison, where he was crammed into a cell with five other children, cursed at and humiliated by the guards and beaten by his interrogator until he confessed to stonethrowing.' Honduras Protests outside the presidential palace grew from hundreds to thousands' Australia broadcaster apologizes to an Israel lobby group for Israel report that is 90% correct' Free Gaza ship sets sail from Larnaca' Former CIA officer charged in Algiers rape' Happy Canada Day!' Israel's naval blockade devastating key Gazan  industry and source of food fishing. Oslo accord  limit was 20 nautical miles  Israel unilaterally  reduced to 3 nautical miles Eager to Tap Iraq's Vast Oil Reserves, Industry Execs Suggested Invasion Now police say the man who died at April's G20 demonstrations in London may have been assaulted by a police impersonator' Here we go again  Israel planning to expropriate another 2% of West Bank land ' The new owners of The Pirate Bay say users will be paid for sharing files.' Iran's Mousavi says new government illegitimate Six Mousavi supporters reportedly hanged in Iran' China's Marlboro Country The strange, underground world of Chinese counterfeit cigarettes. North Korea vs. USS John McCain.  North Korea blinks. ' ID cards 'will never be compulsory' for Britons. Yay! Italian People Not another US base on our soil!  A local referendum voted 95 percent against the base.  A leader of the opposition to the base has been elected to the local government.  An Italian prime minister has been temporarily thrown out of power.  ' What's next for Iceland? Croatia's PM Sanader steps down  Goldman Sachs 'Engineering Every Major Market Manipulation Since the Great Depression'  Rolling Stone' Israeli navy takes control of activist ship to Gaza' No cure for the human condition ... suicide rates are up in the one country where the happiness of people is the cornerstone of the government policy.' AlQaeda threatens France with revenge over burka stance' Darkness over Iran. Censorship strangle the iranian web but in the world the attention is still high' Naomi Klein Oppose the state of Israel, not the  people' Two boys, ages 5 and 6, are caught in SNAFU in  Gaza because Israel won't allow them to go to  Jerusalem to renew their U.S. passports   Naturally, Israel blames Hamas A garden party in east Beijing billed as a protest against Green Dam, a controversial web filtering software, turned into a celebration after the programme was postponed' Airbus Again Teenage girl sole survivor of Comoros jet crash with 153 aboard' Sentencing will take place this week in the first federal cyber bullying case in the US which was brought to trial after a teenage girl took her own life.' In the wake of yesterdays crash of Yemenia Flight IY626, European Union Transport Commissioner Antonio Tajani is urging for an expansion of the EUs aviation blacklist.'