 Soldiers assassinate GuineaBissau president' Many in Afghanistan oppose troop buildup plans; Send us 30,000 scholars instead. Or 30,000 engineers. But don't send more troops  it will just bring more violence.' Canada backs Israeli attack on Iran? In his harshest rhetoric so far, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper vowed steadfast support for Israel and claimed that the Iranian government has evil purposes for its technological achievements.' Israel Settlements to be doubled, Palestinian territory torn in half.' UK government blocks the release of cabinet minutes related to the invasion of Iraq because it would undermine democratic decisionmaking. If I were a Brit, that would be insulting my intelligence.' German woman steals $1.65 and loses her job. Bankers steal millions and get bonuses, pensions, and new jobs.' A side of Cancun not seen during spring break' The Obama administration might actually change US stance on Israel' Chinese businessman buys up all chinese artifacts from Paris auction, then stiffs them on the $20million price.' Almost 200 whales beached on Australian island' To politicians, we're little more than meaningless blobs on a monitor. Bring on the summer of rage The Hague trial Serbian spy Jovica Stanisic accused of setting up genocidal death squads but he was also the CIA's main man in Belgrade The agency's doc says that this allegedly evil person did a whole lot of good. ' Global economic downturn In graphics' Islamic banks etter in crisis' Israel may face war crimes trials over Gaza' Israeli soldiers harass Palestinian in Mufaqara' New 'Iron Curtain' will split EU's rich and poor  The Dictionary of American EmpireSpeak' Top secret contingency plans have been drawn up to counter the threat posed by a summer of discontent in Britain.' Mullen Iran has fissile materials for bomb... we think... maybe... we don't really know Why hasn't al Queda sent sniper teams thru Mexico, or forest fire starters?  They'd be cheap, easy, impossible to stop, and effective.  Something doesn't add up. Car Thief Nabbed After Calling 911 To Brag ' Is Marijuana Prohibition Americas Berlin Wall?' Bangladeshi army pursuing fugitive paramilitaries' Cuban shakeup claims key figures' Last night an asteroid (discovered only days ago) the size of a 10 story building moving 12 miles per second buzzed pass earth within 1/5 the distance to the moon.' Sri Lankan Cricketers seriously injured when their bus was ambushed by terrorists in Pakistan' Wow  NY Times columnist says Hamas and Hezbollah have evolved into broad political movements widely seen as resisting an Israel overready to use crushing force. It is essential to think again about them.' Israel to present Clinton with 'red lines' on talks with Iran, i.e., Israeliapproved parameters within which any US dialogue with Iran may take place. Who's the superpower here? Obama releases secret Bush antiterror memos' Yahoo Fined For Refusing To Give Up Email Account Info' Judges Plead Guilty in Scheme to Jail Youths for Profit' Israel uses aid as a weapon' Avian Flu Released to General Population by Major Pharma for SECOND TIME' This is Chicago, the fake Arab town built by Israel in the middle of the Negev desert to train its military forces in urban warfare.' Israel Boycott Movement Gains Momentum' Sri Lankan International cricketers ambushed and injured in terrorist attack in Pakistan' US homegrown terrorist attempts to build a dirty bomb. Investigations reveal he is not Muslim. Everyone relieved. ' Wall Street on the Tundra [Iceland]' China crashes lunar probe into moon' Top 9 Hardest Languages in the World' Pakistan Jihadists Launch MumbaiStyle Attack on Sri Lankan Cricket Team, 7 Killed...(Update) All 14 Attackers Escaped.....' China and Tibet Another year of the Iron Fist' Mystery of Anastasia  Daughter of the Last Czar  Solved' Donors pledge 3.2 billion to rebuild Gaza' What Happens When a Language Dies?' Japan is a major force in global business, culture and technologyyet in some ways it is governed like a banana republic. Why?' Fish numbers outpace human population' German Official Wants DNA Testing of Dog Shit'  U.S.Russia missile deal could be a setback for Czechs' The worst 'good luck' card ever?  Iranian police arrest porn stars, women face death penalty' ICC issues arrest warrant for Sudan's president, Omar alBashir, on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur.  After the Gaza assault, Google decided to host a Tech Talk providing the Palestinian perspective ' Israel orders US Any US dialogue with Iran must be both preceded by and accompanied by harsher sanctions (In other words, sticks before, sticks durings and sticks after, so as to make sure Iran doesn't mistake a stick for a carrot)' Private Joe Dresnock defected from the US Army to North Korea in 1962. How has everything worked out since?' Recall that guy who beheaded and cannibalized a sleeping greyhound passenger? Guess what he pleaded in court today' This is why most Israelis can't stand ultraorthodox Jews ... these are the same parties that are making it difficult for Israel to stop settlements in the West Bank. In Darfur, street protests over Bashir arrest warrant' 100,000 foot soldiers in Mexican cartels' Two state solution | Israel wants Palestine to be emasculated.' A collision between U.S. and Russian satellites in early February may have been a test of new U.S. technology to intercept and destroy satellites rather than an accident, a Russian military expert has said.' U.N. resolution seeks to criminalize criticism of Islam' More on the IranSomaliaGaza Weapons Route' Iran plans to start up its first atomic power plant this summer' International court issues warrant for Sudanese president' Obama has proclaimed March as IrishAmerican heritage month.  Sounds pretty stupid to me.' US senator Ted Kennedy, 77, is to be awarded an honorary knighthood' Commander says Iran missiles can reach Israel atom sites' Time running out for US vision on Middle East' Spain Disconnecting PrePaid Phones in November Unless Users Identify Themselves [Rights]' Sudan soldier 'They told me to kill, to rape children' IranianAmerican journalist is thrown in jail An Iranian judiciary spokesman said she had been arrested on the orders of the revolutionary court, but he did not know what the charges were.' Israel opens fire on a Mural in Lebanon' Common ingredient offers AIDS protection' Bigoted parents don't want to see disabled people on the telly Cambodian torturer claims Nazi defense of just following orders as he is prosecuted, while US hypocritically shields American torturers with a defense of just following orders.' To defend Israel six brave IDF soldiers ganged up on elderly man then cuffed, gagged and tortured him | Video' For God's sake, please stop this terrorism and let this nation breathe a sigh of relief' Followup on the Iranian acid attack victim who wanted her attacker blinded He has been sentenced to be blinded in one eye because one man is worth two women in Iran. But if she pays $25,000, they'll blind him in both eyes. 'Israel seriously considering Iran military op' Pakistan declares 'We are at war'  Pakistan declared that it was in a state of war after masked gunmen ambushed the Sri Lankan cricket team ...' Brilliant Israeli Animation on Gaza Horrors' Trouble brewing? Israeli ambassador to Washington resigns' Israelis react with fury to British boycott call' A new bill intruduced to ban headwear in license photos' GuineaBissau's army chief discovered a 200kilogramme cocaine stash a week before his assassination, which preceded the murder of the country's president Support Blackout Ireland as the music industry tries to censor their internet access!' Russian general says U.S. may have planned satellite collision' Italy pulls out of UN racism conference' Petrol station sells petrol at 40% the normal price for 1 hour. Traffic chaos ensues.' On ammo, we dont ask...Its politically incorrect, like youre calling them a spic.' Putin Threatens to Cut Ukraine Gas Flow in Two Days ' Palestinian health care 'ailing' French boy, 7, caged for years' Gaddafi Israel behind Darfur crisis '  Footage raises new questions about Pakistan attack' The European Central Bank (ECB) has cut its key interest rate to 1.5%, the lowest since it started setting euro rates in January 1999.' Two U.K. Citizens Charged with Bribing Nigerian Officials to Obtain Contracts' Sudanese army deserter describes Darfur village raid | World news | guardian.co.uk' Stop Bill C15 Say No To Mandatory Jail Terms For Marijuana' Yay, religion A Roman Catholic archbishop says the abortion of twins carried by a 9yearold girl who allegedly was raped by her stepfather means excommunication for the girl's mother and her doctors. Some 665 million Indians practice open defecation, more than half the global total  this is impeding economic growth' Obama's pick for National Intelligence Council chief is taking fire from the proIsrael lobby and neocons over his foreign ties and criticism of Israel. Wife of Zimbabwe Prime Minister killed in car crash, couple was hit by truck with apparently sleeping driver.' Lib Dems pledge to axe 20 laws that attack civil liberties' This what I get when I go to YouTube Dear Valued Customer Pakistan Telecommunication Authority (www.pta.gov.pk) has directed all service providers of the country to block access to some blasphemous web content/movies. This content would remain blocked till the further orders from PTA.' US officer 'stole Iraq aid funds' Clinton Israeli government plans to demolish dozens of Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem, calling the actions unhelpful and a violation of international obligations. ' In the U.S., Bushvilles (Camps for the Homeless) Are Springing Up' Zimbabwe PM and wife 'in crash' Mauritania 'shuts' Israeli embassy Pots of urine, feces in the refrigerator  how IDF troops defiled Gaza homes' Bank of England makes drastic move to 'print' 75 billion of new money as it cuts rate close to zero limit UK restores links with Hezbollah' Czech newspapers are questioning if the shocking discovery of vaccines contaminated with the deadly avian flu virus which were distributed to 18 countries by the American company Baxter were part of a conspiracy to provoke a pandemic.' Man charged with impersonating Dead Sea Scroll experts in order to further his father's views on the 2,000yearold documents This morning, a Reddit Moderator removed this #1 story from /r/worldnews.  Why should one Redditor get to override 300+ upmods?' Thailand police arrest political website editor over comments posted by readers who criticized the monarchy' Australian police are getting powers to search a property WITHOUT telling the owner for up to three years. Relation to drugs, computer crimes, firearms, homicide, kidnapping.' WTF?!! Foreign drivers to pay onthespot fines of up to 900 if they flout UK traffic laws from 1st April' Amazing Vanity Fair article about the rise and fall of Iceland.' Greyhound knife murderer found Not Criminally Responsible by reason of Insanity.' Wife of Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai killed in auto accident. ' Zimbabwe MiddleAged Women Keeping Economy Afloat' The Economist ... the war on drugs has been a disaster.... the least bad policy is to legalise drugs' SAS commander Afghan operation is 'worthless'  Morgan Tsvangirai's wife 'killed by US aid truck' Fighting in the Field Monsanto's Uphill Battle in Germany  A colorful alliance of beekeepers, anticapitalism protestors and conservative politicians are in the process of chasing the global market leader out of the country.' Human rights investigators say Israeli forces engaged in wanton destruction of Palestinian homes during the conflict in Gaza.' Israeli Soldiers Leave their Shit in Gaza Fridges... Literally. ' This American Life does the banking crisis. Insightful as usual. ' Top 10 Endangered Languages in the World' Kenyan human rights activists killed after accusing the Kenyan police of running death squads ' NY 'mafia cops' get life in jail  Outrage in France over plight of boy locked away for seven years by his parents' Fatal Tsvangirai crash 'was not accident', says MDC Burning Conscience Israeli soldiers speak out about their experiences as selfdescribed brutal occupiers of a disputed land. ' Must Jews always see themselves as victims?' Sufi shrine bombed, in push to Talibanize Pakistan' AntiIsrael protest turns violent  The Davis cup game between Sweden and Israel is being played without an audience' Solar Power For $2 A Day' UK police target thousands of political campaigners in surveillance operations and storing their details on a database for at least 7 years' Russia pushes for new strategic arms pact with U.S. We are prepared, as was suggested by our American partners, to reset our relations ... ' Tamil family proud of son's 'sacrifice'  The UKbased family of a young Tamil man who set himself on fire in protest at the treatment of his countrymen in Sri Lanka have said they are proud of his actions.' Barack Obama 'too tired' to give proper welcome to Gordon Brown China wants case against Sudan's president Bashir suspended Zimbabwe  a truck crossed into the lane in which Zimbabwes PM, a long time rival of President Mugabe, 4x4 was travelling and sideswiped his vehicle, causing it to roll over three times.' Google Shared Some Users' Docs Without Permission Morocco cuts diplomatic relations with Iran' US President Barack Obama has said the US is not winning in Afghanistan, saying it is more complex than Iraq.' In the UK, Protest Israeli Occupation of Palestine and Face Racism Charge in Court' U.S. Army document describes Israel as 'a nuclear power'  In a rare breach of official American adherence to Israel's policy of nuclear ambiguity ...' Egypt Violent Clash Erupts Between International Leftists Led by British MP George Galloway and Egyptian Security Forces on Gaza Border....' Losses on subprime mortgages in the United States have already caused a Depressionlike banking collapse. Well, believe it or not, Europes current crisis is scarier.' UNs AntiBlasphemy Resolution restricts free speech, promotes Islam' Swedes Claim They've Killed the Source of The Pirate Bay's Power With Biggest Ever Raid' Israel Helps Settlers to Take Over Palestinian Homes' Taliban militants shot down a suspected drone aircraft in a Pakistani tribal area' The Russian Oligarchs are Falling, and Falling Hard.' Two soldiers dead in attack on British Army base in Northern Ireland' Israel launches airstrikes into Gaza ' A Dublinbased newspaper has received a call supposedly from the Real IRA which claimed responsibility for the attack at Masserene army base.' For the Zionists who gain comfort from believing the video was faked Palestinians who approach Gaza fence will be shot, says IDF' Whole English village put up for sale for 22 million ' Ohio school gets 700 applicants for janitorial jo Soliders were killed 'executionstyle' as they lay on ground in Ulster attack School bus driver takes passengers to police station | The CourierMail' Woman Attacks ExFiance Who Wanted Ring Back' Vatican defends excommunication in Brazil of the mother and doctors of young rape victim who had an abortion ' Superpower Collapse Comparing the United States & USSR ' British soldiers shot dead at army base in Northern Ireland by gunmen dressed as pizza delivery men' Pakistan claims a victory over the Taliban' Georgia inmate arrested trying to get back in jail' Israel moves to the right  Netanyahu yields to Lieberman's demands for government posts Victim will get to blind the man who blinded her  Update ' Police to track abusive men and warn the women who date them' WORST PUN EVER' 8 Women Sentenced to Death by Stoning in Iran' Saudis order 40 lashes for elderly woman for mingling' The Apartheid State of Israel Illegally Mining in the West Bank' Iran Amnesty campaign for eight women at risk of being stoned to death' Psychiatric Drugging of Children IntolerableBetrayal of Innocence' A Muslim asks why others in the Islamic world are going to bat for a war criminal whose victims were innocent Muslims' What happens when somebody actually bothers investigating the IsraelPalestine Conflict.' Jihad against Joy    The attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team is part of a larger pattern. ' Chinese ships 'harass' US vessel [BBC] There is no such nation as Afghanistan The former Soviet ambassador to Afghanistan says more troops won't help where tribal and ethnic groups stand in the place of centralized government.' YouTube is blocking UK music videos' Zimbabwe Prime Minister Denies Assassin Allegations' Visualising 1,400,000 gravestones [pic]' 75yearold Widow sentenced to 40 lashes, four months in jail for meeting young men' Surge in cocaine production unleashes wave of violence in Latin America' Homemade bombs blast police and fire vehicles in Western China one day before the 50th anniversary of the failed revolt that sent the Dalai Lama into exile.' Tensions with China? Five 5 Chinese ships aggressively maneuvered and shadowed a U.S. Navy surveillance ship' China imposes lock down on Tibetans' British MPs demand a judicial inquiry into a Guantanamo Bay prisoner's claims that MI5 was complicit in his torture North Korea cuts contact with South, orders troops to be combat ready ahead of joint U.S.South Korea military drills' Disrepair in South Ossetia Dims Hopes After Georgia War  NYTimes.com' Israel believes Iran can build nuclear weapons' Kim JongIl wins reelection with 99.9% of the vote. In other news, 0.1% of North Koreans put into labor camps.' The Norton Antivirus coverup A mysterious program known as pifts.exe associated with the AV program is attempting to contact a server in Africa. Symantec is hushhush. ' Indias New Face  Meet the probusiness antiMuslim extremist who could be the next leader of the world's largest democracy Dalai Lama warns Tibetans are 'near extinction' at 50th anniversary of exile Official Website of North Korea Is North Korea a dictatorship? No, the DPRK is a singleunitedparty constitutional democracy guaranteeing freedom of speech and assembly to all citizens.' Israel at it again, this time pillaging resources of the lands it occupies leaving nothing for the real owners, the palestinians' Pirate Party Politician Fired for His Political Views'  Dalai Lama China makes life 'hell on Earth' for Tibetans New Zealand's RIAA tries to justifiy new Guilty until proven Innocent' Under President Obamas plan, up to 50,000 US troops would remain in Iraq through 2011.' Heroin use is killing Russia, most of heroin comes from Afghanistan, much less under Taliban' Chinese attempt to instigate collision with U.S. Naval Surveillance Ship' Mideast Home Demolitions Threaten Peace Talks' Policeman killed in third fatal shooting in Northern Ireland' Astounding story about the obstaclesthugs, secret prisons, beatingsChinese citizens face to lodge a complaint about the government.' Chile and Argentina unite against UK Antarctic claim' The legitimacy of International Criminal Court is questioned over Sudan; some states might withdraw as members' Mexico police find severed heads' Palestinians launch unity talks' YouTube has exterminated all legally uploaded music videos viewable to British users' Zimbabwe premier 'No foul play' in fatal crash Planning on starting a family in less than 10 years? Well Austria want to give you free land!' Zimbabwe powersharing under fire' While the world looks the other way, the colonization of the West Bank continues' Tokyo is the most expensive city in the world' UK would like to force the EU to end net neutrality. Can't you guys in Britain get your MPs under control? 10 dead after teen shooting rampage at German school (according to german sources, 13)' Bolivia expels second US diplomat for having CIA links' Military to use new gel that stops bullets ' The global drug charade Flying in the face of all the evidence, the UN is about to recommit to the tried and FAILED approach'  Just this past week in the East Jerusalem area, 88 homes in alBustan, 55 homes in Shufat refugee camp, 35 Bedouin homes on the JerusalemJericho Road, and 66 homes in alIsawiyya were slated for destruction, affecting more than 2,000 Palestinians, most of whom have lived there for generations.' The Economist The Only Way To Stop The Failed Global Drug War Is To Legalize All Drugs' Madoff Charged With 11 Felonies, Faces 150 Years in Prison' Tariq Aziz, for many years the public face of Saddam Hussein's Iraqi regime, has been jailed for 15 years for his role in the execution of 42 merchants. Secret message in Abraham Lincoln's watch revealed AlJazeeras coverage of dictators is more honest than APs' France ends fourdecade NATO rift' BBC NEWS | World | Europe | France ends fourdecade Nato rift' US Congress eases curbs on Cuba' Putin curbs loody' seal hunt; Whitecoat pups and parents to be protected, Russian PM says China's Navy flexes it's muscles over US sub hunting ship in South China Sea Gunman Massacres At Least Seven in Alabama ' Pakistan  Swat Valley Sharia implemented on 16 March' Northern Ireland back to the past?' British Troops Jeered by Muslim Protesters at Homecoming Parade  Video 3/10/09' Gunman's day of bloodshed leaves at least 10 dead in south Alabama  Breaking News Detroit's Beautiful, Horrible Decline [pics] Teen gunman dead after killing 15 at German school' School massacre in Germany latest 17yearold gunman on the run in city centre' Chas Freeman withdrew his nomination. Israel lobby smear campaign a success.' Iraqi jailed for 3 years for Bush shoe attack (could have been 15)' Seeing BBC.co.uk with ads is like seeing your dad giving Satan a reacharound' Italy formally abolishes the death penalty for all purposes' Muslim Woman Asked to Leave Line at Credit Union Because of  Head Scarf' The grassmud horse is an example of something that, in Chinas authoritarian system, passes as subversive behavior. Conceived as an impish protest against censorship, the foulnamed little horse has made government censors look ridiculous.' Raped and killed for being a lesbian South Africa ignores 'corrective' attacks Hamas issues rare criticism of Gaza rocket fire' DNA proves Bolsheviks killed all of Russian czar's children  LONG LIVE IRAQ  man who threw shoe at Bush jailed for three years' Potential ecological disaster off the coast of Brisbane as tanker loses containers of ammonium nitrate and 20 tonnes of fuel into the sea' t  Italy drops CIA rendition case High Court threw out evidence because it was classified information.' Iran's 'illegal' rappers want cultural revolution UK Police race to stop Real IRA bomb plot' A Dirty Pun Tweaks Chinas Online Censors' Defense Secretary Robert Gates says U.S. will be more cautious before starting preemptive wars' Chas Freeman speaks out on his lynching by AIPAC' Madoff faces life in prison after expected guilty plea' Pakistani government making preemptive arrests before antigov rally...how much can one country take at one time?' Madagascar on the brink of civil war' Sensational new Mayan archaeological find at El Mirador in Guatemala' Muslim preacher mocks fallen British soldiers' Germany school killer gave warning in online chatroom' Someone explain the UK newsprints? Tabloids or Real News.' Angola rabies outbreak kills 83 children' Beth Israel Hospital avoids layoffs by everyone's contributions Israel's 22day offensive in the Hamasruled Gaza Strip killed 1,434 people, including 960 civilians, 239 police officers and 235 fighters Madagascar Soldiers ignore orders to shoot protestors. Prepare to defend people. ' The chief executive of Sony France is being held hostage by factory workers angry at their severance packages.' A Handy Guide To What the Hell Just Happened in Darfur' An American Pastime Smoking Pot' Potential conflict brewing U.S. warships head for South China Sea after standoff between China and U.S. over the weekend' Vampire unearthed in Venice plague grave (Reuters)' British Intelligence thought Iraq weapons claims were laughable' Dutch judge orders teens to visit Anne Frank House museum after finding them guilty of discrimination for insulting Jews at a rally' List of goods Israel is blocking from Gaza continues to grow; now includes toilet paper, soap, toothpaste, and the primary ingredient for hummus, chickpeas' Doctors Without Borders exit Darfur' Man dressed as Batman character the Joker shot dead by police' Sinn Fein leaders attend shot policeman's funeral  the first time party members attend the funeral of a security forces officer killed by a republican group Gitmo Detainees No Longer Enemy Combatants' U.S. disagrees with British decision to engage Lebanon's Hezbollah Obama Considers Moving Troops to Mexico Border' Chavez takes over transport links' Japan threat to shoot down N. Korean satellite' Sea volcano blows its top 300km off New Zealand coast' Switzerland eases banking secrecy for the first time. UBS might have to provide details of 52,000 American account holders to the IRS!' New UK Memos Support Sexed Up Iraq Dossier Claim' German police gets trolled by krautchan.nettard on amok run' Salam Pax (Iraqi blogger) The pen is mightier than the shoe' No more enemy combatant status for Gitmo detainees...IS the US going legit?' Does this tattoo make me look like an assassin?' What will Americans do when it's not an Arab woman wailing over a stricken figure, but an American woman?  Graphic video of the shooting of a 37yearold Californian by an Israeli soldier during nonviolent protests yesterday. IDF fire tear gas canister at the head of an American protesting against the Israeli occupation, seriously injured ''He had a large hole in the front of his head, and his brain was visible.'' The success of drug decriminalization in Portugal' Rape Trees Found Along Southern US Border' The success of drug decriminalization in Portugal  IDPC evaluation of results (PDF)' Israel's new defence minister accused of war crime  Times Online Iran unblocks Facebook' Australian man pleads guilty to downloading Simpsons & Pokemon porn. Convicted & fined. ' Fake US passports still easy to get 8 years after 911' very serious situation,  Australian oil spill bigger than estimated...owner of freighter failed to report size of the spill ' China 'worried' about US Treasury holdings Saudis order 40 lashes for elderly woman for mingling' WTF?! All travellers departing the UK will have their trip recorded on a Gov't database for a decade Apartheid Israel now had a new military doctrine go nuts' The Obama administration stopped calling Guantanamo inmates enemy combatants and incorporated international law as its basis for holding the prisoners while it works to close the facility.' Singapore sues another Wall Street Journal editor report' Concern Grows in the U.S. That the Drug War Is Destablizing Mexico' I checked my sprint bill recently, and beware.  3rd party companies can charge your phone bill.' Why Do You Live There? You're White! Singapore expats force to give up luxurious life as times get tough.' This is the end for tax havens' Pakistan on edge as Zardari arouses rebellion' Hassan Nasrallah Hezbollah will never recognize Israel's right to exist. At least he's consistent.' Russian strategic bombers may be based in Cuba in the future' Woman meets modelling agent on social networking site ... you can guess the rest.' Darfur aid hostages 'not freed' Holding hands in public, dancing, kissing and playing loud music in public are now considered inappropriate behaviour in Dubai' The worlds wealthiest individuals 2008 vs 2009 (chart)' Taiwanese boat caught with 1.6 tons of Shark fins off South African Coast' Israeli troops wound protesting American citizen' Uganda gets more money by sending mercenaries to Iraq than from its chief export' Riots erupt in Northern Ireland, police are petrolbombed as top republican is held over soldiers' murders Pakistan president under pressure after minister quits' Police lose evidence in 'racist' professor probe Bolivia passes land from rich to poor' Government of Brazil aims to have Spanish in secondary schools by 2010' Taliban threaten to kill aid workers as spies' Economic crisis could kill 400,000 children, warns Margaret Chan ' Pakistan police battle protesters as crisis grows' Lesbian women in South Africa are being raped by men who believe it will cure them of their sexual orientation' Rioting follows arrests in N. Ireland soldier killings  CNN.com' As Chinese troops seal off Tibet, Dalai Lama warns Tibetan identity 'near extinction' Now CocaCola feels force of Chvez and Venezuela's socialist revolution After holding huge protests, Pakistanis force government to restore independent judiciary. '  France's rendezvous with history Luton's Muslim extremists defy public anger Social networks 'are new email' Did Bangladesh Prevent Another Mumbai?' Should the Chinese decide not to lend the trillions of dollars the U.S. is begging for, the U.S. economy will implode, plummeting onto itself in a World Trade Centerlike collapse that will leave dust clouds circling the planet for decades.' Pakistani exPM Nawaz Sharif held' Pakistani opposition leader defies house arrest' Taliban's new constitution  will execute foreign aid workers as spies; won't allow girls to go to schools' MEXICO UNDER SIEGE    Drug cartels' new weaponry means war Gunfire has broken out in the centre of Madagascar's capital Antananarivo as the army entered a residence of President Marc Ravalomanana Pakistan reinstates sacked Supreme Court chief justice  Independent judiciary restored after countrywide protests' Leftwinger wins El Salvador poll' Dungeon rape case dad pleads guilty to incest ' Far right joins Israel coalition. Wonderful.' UK Baroness The constant accusation of AntiSemitism to silence Israels critics is vindictive  YouTube'  Iranian drone 'shot down in Iraq' Ending America's Imperial Foreign Policy  Fareed Zakaria Vindicated An ExScientologists Account of Escape, Rebirth and Justice' Yakko Warner sings the names of all the countries of the world, including yours!  [vid]' Zamuda Sikujuwa shuffles to a bench in the sunshine, pushes apart her thighs with a grimace of pain and pumps her fist up and down in a lewdlooking gesture to show how the militiamen shoved an automatic rifle inside her' 'Likud lobby' stifling debate, says diplomat Isreali CEO of the company that has been spying on NSA, defrauded American investors can not be extradited' The New McCarthyism' Al Jazeera English  Middle East  Lieberman 'to be new Israel FM' Gordon Brown rejects call to set minimum prices for drinks, says he wants to protect sensible majority of moderate drinkers.  ' Foreign workers and students to be charged 50 to enter UK' Red Cross Torture Committed At CIA Sites  CBS News' Claims of British collusion in torture spread to Egypt' Sudanese president wants all foreign aid groups out within a year' Switzerland agrees to assist in the pursuit of tax cheats. This is a blow to UBS, accused of helping international investors avoid taxes from their home countries' Protest Against the Global Drug War  11.03.2009' Having taken Chas Freeman's scalp, the neoconservatives, GOP hardliners, and the Israel lobby are looking for fresh blood, and they might feel emboldened enough to start taking the the whole of Barack Obama's foreign policy. Hello Wikileaks?  Huge UK Bank gags newspaper from revealing multimillion pound tax rort.' Pakistan is not about to explode, Islamic militants are not going to take power, nuclear weapons are not trafficked to AlQaida, the army is not about to send the Taliban to invade India, a civil war is unlikely' It's the end of the road for Vietnamese victims of Agent Orange. US court refuses to hear final appeal by Vietnamese plaintiffs against chemical giants Dow and Monsanto Over 200 arrested in Montreal protest against policy brutality' Pope says condoms not the answer to fighting AIDS  in fact they make the problem worse. People actually listen to this fossil?' Smart kids are more likely to become heavy drinkers'  Nestle India seeks permanent ban on workers freedom of assembly' Founding a modern state on a single ethnic or religious identity in a territory that is ethnically and religiously diverse leads inexorably either to politics of exclusion or to wholesale ethnic cleansing. Put simply, the problem is Zionism.' Her only option was a temporary career change she became a prostitute. New Zealand's liberal attitude to the sex trade' More Mexican troops arrive in Jurez as part of 'Operation Chihuahua' Asylumseeker sent back home by Britain. Executed in Darfur by Sudan security officials' Languages are rapidly disappearing [chart]' We're not winning the battle, Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard told lawmakers. The violence that we see in Mexico is fueled 65 to 70 percent by the trade in one drug marijuana.' Chinese firms sign 3 billion dollar natural gas deal with Iran' Europe is suddenly having second thoughts about resettling Gitmo detainees ' In Provence winemakers are up in arms and warning that the whole artdevivre and economy of the south of France is under threat from the European Commission's proposal to allow producers in all member states to make ros by simply mixing red and white wine. World Food Program Turkey has gone from an aid recipient to a giver of aid in 10 years' Airlines around the world 'mishandled' 42 million bags in 2007 and irretrievably lost more than a million of them, a pressure group has said. The Barclays Bank Whistleblower inside the strange world of the Barclays taxavoidance office' Pope in Africa reaffirms no condoms against AIDS (Reuters)' Great Aussie firewall claims first victim' Hundreds of patients 'died unnecessarily' at flagship UK hospital Critics attack Pope for his 'myopic' views on condoms Israel's national security aide barred from U.S.   Former Israeli spy linked to Pentagon leak Madagascar president quits, hands over power' Australian Government adds Wikileaks to banned website list ' A man who spent 27 years in jail for the murder of a barmaid in Southampton had his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal today after DNA tests proved that he could not have been the killer' Israeli soldiers reveal true extent of Gaza war crimes' Why Lieberman is the worst thing that could happen to the Middle East ' The quote goes something like 'We will push them out into the ocean!', it has been attributed to every major Palestinian leader since Ben Gurion claimed it was said, not once has it been verified... Lieberman of Israel has suggested drowning Palestinians Why a tiny language spoken off the coast of South America might make a good universal second language' The long and sadistic history behind the CIA's torture techniques. After Gaza, Israel Grapples With Crisis of Isolation' Pope's attack on condoms sickens Aids campaigners Israel to Worsen Prisoner Conditions to Pressure Hamas' Israeli army hires P.I.s to spy on and blackmail women who claim religious exemption to military service' U.S. weighs expanded covert war in Pakistan' Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen was just a few paragraphs into an address at a St. Patrick's Day celebration at the White House when he realized something sounded way too familiar. Turns out, he was repeating the speech President Barack Obama had just given. A terror suspect awaiting extradition to the United States won 60,000 in damages from Scotland Yard yesterday after being beaten and assaulted by the officers who arrested him. ' Sean Hodgson who spent 27 years in jail for murder has been released.' On the contrary Obama takes the war on terror up a notch' Reports Russia Confirms Iran Missile Contract' France condemns Pope's remarks on condoms in Africa For sale  an English village' Pope's condom stance under fire Unmarried Childbirths in U.S. Reach Record Levels' Protests greet Bush's first speech as expresident  The Pope Is Wrong on Condoms' France chastises Pope on condoms (The French foreign ministry has voiced sharp concern following the Pope's rejection of condom use to fight Aids.)' What made you change your mind so suddenly? asked the judge, Andrea Hummer.  The video testimony of my daughter Elisabeth, Fritzl replied in a gruff voice. I accept my guilt in all the charges presented. ' Scenes from the recession' China's last eunuch spills secrets Israeli soldiers break ranks over Gaza war' Last white Zimbabwean farmers to be evicted' A headteacher whose health and career were ruined by false accusations of racism and religious discrimination at a primary school dominated by Muslims has won 400,000 in damages. ' Pope tells Muslims that true religion rejects violence' Bedouin villages in Israel don't get electricity because they are unrecognized. Illegal Jewish outposts do get electricity. How is this not Apartheid?   How I got my genes deleted  I've had my DNA struck from police records  now it's over to the rest of you 799,999 innocents Israeli soldiers break ranks over Gaza war' Can Israel dismiss its own troops' stories from Gaza? Former Nazi guard living in Wisconsin deported' Nineinten consumers in France, Germany and the UK want unrestricted Internet access to all websites and services online' Vatican insiders declare the Pope a 'disaster' Pope Benedict's repeated gaffes and the Vatican's inability to manage his message in the internet era are threatening to undermine his papacy, Vatican insiders have said.  Israeli soldiers admit shooting civilians dead during Gaza war' Millions take to the streets of France in protest' North Korea 'holds US reporters' U.N. rights envoy sees Israeli war crimes in Gaza' Why the Pope opposes condoms' Iranian Blogger Dies In Prison Under Suspicious Circumstances ' Israel troops admit Gaza abuses' Have Humans Created a New Epoch in Earth's History? Political leaders have to do God if they are to engage properly with the modern world, even if they personally have no religious faith, former prime minister Tony Blair said today.' A cruel trade across Vietnams border with China  kidnapping Hmong women' Life of kidnapped Canadian woman journalist in danger' Up to 1,000 Gambians have been kidnapped by witch hunters and forced to drink hallucinogenic potions at secret government detention centres, according to Amnesty International.' In a crowded civilian city, there are all sorts of people who cannot run away the elderly, the disabled, the pregnant, the terrified. This soldier was told to kill them.' Obama address the Iranian People' Depressionera law lets Iowa turkey farm pay mentally retarded workers 37 cents an hour' Another soldier, describing how a mother and her children were shot dead by a sniper after they turned the wrong way out of a house, says the atmosphere among troops was that the lives of Palestinians were very, very less important than the lives of our soldiers.' George Galloway banned from Canada' 'Don't wear anything that says AIG on it' Underfire insurer gives employees security tips as fury over bonuses grows U.N. rights envoy sees Israeli war crimes in Gaza' Slaughter of the seals in Russia is stopped by Vladimir Putin' 1,417 Gaza war dead named by rights group Says twothirds of those killed were civilians; Israel disputes figures' Somalia is a state governed only by anarchy. A graveyard of foreignpolicy failures, it has known just six months of peace in the past two decades. Now, as the countrys endless chaos threatens to engulf an entire region, the world again simply watches it burn.' Whistleblower Barclays makes 1bn a year by tax avoidance.' Israel to investigate killings of civilians in Gaza operation...Any guesses how this will turn out?' Japanese Suicide Forest' Sarkozy under Pressure as 'Millions' Take to Streets You thought the Daily Mail was bad...' Blogger jailed in Iran is dead, lawyer says  CNN.com' nicholas kristof theres pretty good evidence that we generally dont truly want good information  but rather information that confirms our prejudices' Israel's chief of staff comes home early after doors close in Obama's Washington  The Last Eunuch' English takes over at Dutch universities' A Perfect Heist' Russian planes again fly over U.S. Navy ships' FBI planting spies in U.S. mosques, Muslim groups say' Symantec Overseas credit card scam exposed' Thousands of Iraqis held by U.S. to go free' [pic] Israeli tshirt kill pregnant women, that way you kill two in one shot' Wow Sri Lanka's Ministry of Defense have a map of the battle against the Tamil Tigers with photos and timelines...  North Korea confirms American journalists have been arrested' Israeli Soldier Says Military Rabbis Framed Gaza Mission as Religious' Israel's 'right of return' applies to all Jews, even ones who don't have ancestors who might have been in Israel from a thousand years ago, yet Israel is the only developed nation on earth which denies refugees 'right of return' REUTERS Rabbi's pushed 'religious war against the Gentiles'  India has the world's highest rate of road fatalities. 70% of those killed are pedestrians and bicyclists. 25% drive motorized twowheelers. Billions of pounds of toxic subprime mortgages were bought by Royal Bank of Scotland traders in a spree that was not disclosed to the banks board. ' Israeli Army TShirts Mock Killing Palestinian Women And Children During Gaza Offensive' An increasingly disturbing picture of the Israeli army's conduct in the Gaza war emerged Friday, as new witness accounts from Israeli troops described wanton vandalism to Palestinian homes, humiliation of civilians and loose rules of engagement that resulted in unnecessary civilian deaths. George Galloway replies 'Canada can't muzzle me. To ban me from the country for my views on Afghanistan is absurd, hypocritical, and in vain' Afghanistan is on the brink of chaos That is the stark message from local leaders, the US military and development workers in the troubled country.' Dubai will one day be seen as a punctuation mark on the architectural follies of the past half century' Israelis told to fight 'holy war' in Gaza New video and photos provide irrefutable proof of Chinese brutality in Tibet says Tibetan Govt. inexile' The shadow banking system in Europe isn't so much dead as being kept on life support by banks and central banks in what amounts to a risky attempt to avoid the reckoning. Tamil Tigers 'finished', says former leader UK govt's 'sexy' condom campaign to encourage young women to carry condomssparks row While the modern logical world keeps spinning, the Pope talks about sorcery, spirits, and witchcraft as if it's the 13th century Israel soldier calls order during Gaza assault 'murder' North Korea  Two journalists from Al Gore's Current TV have been detained in North Korea. Hungary PM to step down' US efforts to eradicate opium poppy crops in Afghanistan have been wasteful and ineffective, the US envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan says.' Over one million workers protest across France' Israeli troops admit abuses in Gaza TheRealNews' I said, 'Hi, I'm a guy from Canada. There is someone about to set fire to a school. The Apartheid State of Israel Bans Palestinians Cultural Events' Monsanto's Bt Cotton Kills the Soil as Well as Farmers A Quiet Revolution Grows in the Muslim World' Death Squad Leader Was Top Cia Agent (from Sunday Herald)' South Africa bans Dalai Lama from peace conference' Racist Attacks on Arabs in Israel increased tenfold in 2008' UN Privatising Water is Denying People a Human Right' AIG warns staff to travel in pairs after death threats over bonuses' After the Gaza assault and rightwing election win, Israel is rebranding itself to improve its image. Because Israel's problems are a matter of better propaganda, and not one of an underlying unjust situation Gaza war crime claims gather pace as more troops speak out' Tibetans attack police station, 93 monks arrested'  Israeli Troops Admit Gaza Abuses ' Muslim man suffered 'gross brutality' during terrorism raid, court told When DJs Ruled The World' Someone even managed to defecate into the photocopier ' The authorities impose a regime intentionally and openly based on the separation principle, the result of which is legal and physical segregation between the Israeli settlers and the Palestinian majority  in Hebron, a city which is supposed to be Palestinian controlled' Turns out AIG execs were paid more than previously thought...' Remembering the 1999 NATO led War on Yugoslavia Kosovo Freedom Fighters Financed by Organized Crime' US will appoint Afghan 'prime minister' to bypass Hamid Karzai and his Corrupt Government British PM to take war on terror to a whole new level' Israeli officials unconcerned about U.S. 'fury' over Israel's demolition of East Jerusalem homes.  This issue will lead to nothing, said a senior government official.' America floats plan to tempt Taliban into peace process' Cut your name in to someone Predatorstyle, get a twoyear community sentence.' Car bomb defused in Haifa, Israel' Sweden Says No to Saving Saab ' A quarter of all UK government databases are illegal and should be scrapped or redesigned, a report has claimed.' Israel steals Palestinians water to pollute it and sell it back to them' Right to privacy broken by a quarter of UK's public databases. The national DNA database and the Contactpoint index of all children should be immediately scrapped Chinas Brutality in Tibet Exposed' The US government had extensive evidence about Guatemala's Death Squads. Why has it taken so long to make it public? Former South African MP exposed as murderer of Dublin teenage girl' Canada becomes the first country in the world to ban British MP George Galloway ' Israel's army violated codes of ethics and international law during the war in Gaza by attacking medics and refusing to allow the treatment of wounded, a human rights group charged on Monday. South Africa Bars Dalai Lama from Peace Conference' What does one HUNDRED TRILLION dollars look like?' The UK Government is now considering the mass surveillance of all user communications on socialnetworking sites.' Finally real evidence of war crimes in Gaza' Senior Fatah official killed in south Lebanon' VIDEO Israeli soldiers using Palestinian kids as human shields'  Afghans call for end to US occupation' Israel nabs 20 Hamas officials to pressure for Shalits release. You know, the guy that was nabbed to help pressure Israel to free prisoners  and then Israel leveled half of Lebanon to retaliate.' North Korea to Close Air Routes for Rocket Launch' How some military rabbis are trying to radicalize Israeli soldiers by Christopher Hitchens' No women on TV, Saudi clerics demand' Dalai Lama denied visa for South Africa peace conference, said it was not in their best interest' Japanese military to assume more global role' Israel prime suspect for bomb blast at refugee camp in Lebanon in which at least 4 killed' China Detains Almost 100 Tibetan Monks After Riot at Police Station' South Africa bars Dalai Lama from peace conference' Doesnt it seem ironic that in a country with thousands of CCTV cameras, they want to shut down Google Street View because of privacy concerns?' I find it ironic that on one hand you put [Saddam Hussein] on trial for using biological warfare, but in another country where you sprayed chemicals for warfare, you neglect your responsibility,' I'm Brit and I'm terrified of my Government's new 'terror strategy'. Someone please get rid of Jacqui Smith Austria and Hungary reaffirm their sovereign right to ban GM crops' Italian court rules that a shepherd smoking marijuana could be justified because he only has sheep for company' South Africa denies Dalai Lama visa to attend peace conference. Nobel peace prize winners and committee pull out.' Dubai prison mother loses custody' Rockefeller Declares War on Free Internet' Japanese man  becomes the first person to be certified as a survivor of both Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings ' China suggests switch from dollar. China's central bank has called for a new global reserve currency run by the IMF to replace the US dollar. Blackwater sued in US court over alleged coverup (AFP)' China blasts video claiming Tibet violence' Death penalty 'closer to demise' China bans YouTube' U.N. report condemns Israel for Gaza operation' Israel could be guilty of a new crime against humanity  apparently even Hitler and Pol Pot didn't think of that one.' UN accuses Israeli troops of using boy, 11, as human shield' China is calling for a new global currency in place of the dollar ''to achieve the objective of safeguarding global economic and financial stability.'' The number of executions worldwide nearly doubled last year compared to 2007, according to Amnesty International, and China put to death far more people than any other nation. In the Americas, only one state  the United States  consistently executes.' And that's when I proceeded to hit him with the shovel.' Today we are witnessing the beginning of the US falling from a world superpower' Fighting for Life American Activist Shot by Israelis' The Big Takeover The global economic crisis isn't about money  it's about power. How Wall Street insiders are using the bailout to stage a revolution A bit like Northern Ireland Rightwing Jewish National Front to march through the Arab Israeli city of Umm alFahm.' At Least 32 Die in a Wave of Violence Across Iraq ' China bans Youtube.' Canada is pissed off Doug Benson, the guy who made fun of the Canadian military on Fox News' Red Eye has to cancel appearance in Edmonton after receiving death threats Very Interesting Perspective Letter of Resignation From An Executive Vice President at AIG' How to be Jason Bourne  tips on getting multiple passports, getting a swiss bank account and crossing borders' Where the death penalty was used most last year' THIS NEEDS MORE ATTENTION Baxter International caught sending mass amounts of deadly, higly virulent live viruses around the world' Crash pilot who paused to pray is convicted' Home of former Royal Bank of Scotland boss Sir Fred Goodwin was attacked by vandals overnight.' Benjamin Netanyahu has struck a secret deal with one of his coalition partners, pledging to expand settlements in a highlycontentious area of the West Bank.' Police beat people with sticks....people decide to fight back...see the look on cop's face as he runs like hell Oldest Woman in world discovered in Kazakhstan' President Barack Obama is building a road to hell  President of the European Union' Christopher Hitchens Jewish Fundamentalism Is On The Verge Of Taking Over The Middle East' China says video footage that purportedly shows Chinese security personnel violently beating Tibetans last year is a lie.' Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade  Hillary Clinton on Mexican drug violence' Riot ensues as rightwing Jewish group marches through the majority Israeli Arab city of Umm alFahm demanding that Arab citizens of Israel pledge loyalty to Israel as a Jewish state.' The Israeli army unlawfully fired white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas of the Gaza Strip during its recent offensive, needlessly killing and injuring civilians' Palestinian youth orchestra plays concert for Holocaust survivors in Israel' Serbia remembers Nato bombing campaign with air raid sirens' It's not only Madoff and the US where sharks with no scruples ruin lives. Millions in Colombia were recently screwed by Ponzi schemers. Feds Charge Hacker With Stealing $10 Million From Banks' The leadership of the European Union was plunged into disarray last night when the Government holding the rotating presidency collapsed after losing a vote of no confidence in the Czech parliament. ' French workers take manager hostage over job cuts  again' Chinese bloggers protest blocking of YouTube' Zealot Israeli settlers are establishing an army within the IDF so Iif the Israeli govt decides to withdraw from the settlements, there will be enough army fundies and rabbis to refuse to obey' Mexico's drug war [pics] An illegal settlement being built, illegal even under Israeli law .' In response to national anger at the death of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski in the Vancouver airport, the RCMP was urged to curb Taser use by its officers  but instead removed an existing restriction from its policy  It's unacceptable it's actually moving backwards.' Pirates have seized two Europeanowned tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past day, officials have said.' Teacher who exposed school violence is banned from the classroom ' Trade in organs from living donors legalized in Singapore' Jews Burn Israeli Flag in NY' French workers burned tires, held a manager of 3M hostage as anger mounted over job cuts and executive bonuses' Iran accepts U.S. invitation to Afghanistan meeting' Hillary Clinton  Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade' North Korea has placed a longrange missile on a launch pad before a test that the United States, Japan and South Korea said would violate a United Nations Security Council resolution' Israel accused of 'reckless' use of white phosphorus Gordon Brown gets the roasting he deserves. The devalued Prime Minister of a devalued government.' Iraqi women are suffering a 'silent emergency', trapped in a downward spiral of poverty, desperation and personal insecurity Thai government set to fall again as thousands rally against prime minister' Gordon Brown, British PM, Pushing Rothschild's Vision Of Global Economy Top Durban businessmen have been linked to a child prostitution syndicate' Cameras film police in Mexico during a drugs shootout where three men were arrested as cocaine and dozens of weapons were seized' Don't attach a saber saw to a sex toy and turn it on near your wifes vagina.  Darwin Award Candidate Help! My owner is trying to eat me....Britons tempted to eat pets as recession bites' Mother Nature's might seen in Mount Redoubt Redoubt erupts in major explosive event. Highest aviation warning issued after ash spews 65,000 feet into the air Outrage in aftermath of China's YouTube censorship Racist Crime in Russia ' One of the men convicted over a milk contamination scandal in China has lost his appeal against the death sentence.' Afghanistan Manager of private TV network arrested over dancer's skimpy costume  Defamation of Religion is now a Human Rights Violation' French riot police officer suspended after listing his favorite interests on Facebook as Crusades, Arabbashing, Nationalism and the Vichy motto' We have more toilets, less shame among women and less disease.....The results of the No Toilet, No Bride campaign.. ' International torch relays ahead of the Olympics have been scrapped by the International Olympic Committee' As Turkey cracks down on 'honour killings', women are now told to commit suicide Swiss banks ban top exec travel in case they are detained as part of a global crackdown on bank secrecy' Girl of 14 accused of child pornography and may be forced to register as a sex offender ' Bomb at Pakistani mosque, at least 48 dead.' British resident who claims he was tortured says senior figures within government must be held to account ' Israel suspected in Sudan air strikes' Russia sends army to frozen north to claim Arctic resources' Leading medical journal accuses Pope of 'distorting condom science' U.S. destroyers on move as North Korea prepares rocket launch' Noted Author Jared Diamond Predicts 49 Percent Chance of Civilization Collapse' Iran and Nato end 30year impasse ' They'll be telling us next that we'll get cancer unless we stop eating and drinking completely. Israel bombs civilian convoy in Sudan in order to maintain illegal occupation of Palestine. ' OK England... why don't you raise your kids properly instead of pulling off shit like this? U.S., Japan mobilize for N. Korean launch  CNN.com'  Sudan air strike blamed on Israel' The End of Excess Is This Crisis Good for America?' President Barack Obama plans to send 4,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan.' Indian Army fears China attack by 2017 ' Gordon Brown and Buckingham Palace have discussed plans to change the rules of succession to the throne, including giving women equal rights.' Afghanistan exit strategy more troops and a 'civilian surge' Israeli lie machine goes into overdrive  Israeli soldiers didn't actually shoot a woman and kids that went the wrong way, warning shots were exaggerated by other soldiers.  Does Israel actually think anybody anywhere buys this crap?' Madoff's wife took $2m from London office before collapse 200 children, some as young as 13, identified as terrorists by British police' WTF?!! UK police uses drastic tactics to identify 200 school children as potential terrorists We are targeting criminals and wouldbe terrorists who happen to be cloaking themselves in Islamic rhetoric. That is not the same as targeting the Muslim community.' Iraqi  journalist, Shoe Thrower selected as one of the top influential people in the Middle East ' Cadburys dairy milk have gone fairtrade!' UK police trying to 'smear' peaceful G20 protests Police officers disguised as Palestinians were attacked by Jewish settlers in the West Bank' The Pirate Party Makes a Bid for the European Parliament' China celebrates Tibetan liberation.  Is this how history is rewritten? ' The Associated Press UN body OKs call to curb religious criticism more junk from the UN Human Rights Council' The Lancet has accused Pope Benedict XVI of distorting scientific evidence to promote Catholic doctrine following his remarks about condom use and HIV.' 'Italian Fritzl' and son held for raping daughters An Italian man and his son have been arrested for raping their own daughters  Spokesperson for Israeli and Jewish causes is jailed for lying to police' Brazilian President Lula de Silva blames blueeyed, white people, makes Gordon Brown uncomfortable' US and Iran open Afghanistan peace talks' Jews Against Zionism' Madagascar protesters teargassed for third day' Czech prime minister blames AC/DC rock concert for his critical comment of Obama' For first time, CNN in third place in prime time ' Egypt releases detained blogger Secretly held for 7 weeks.' Suburban 'tsunami' kills 77 in Jakarta Earth Hour 2009  the Good, the Bad and the Real Point of it All' Harvard researchers agree with Pope Benedict on condoms in Africa' Hamas frees rival Fatah leaders in Gaza' Jacqui Smith, the destroyer of UK civil liberties, Well I'm glad her husband also finds her repulsive. Stem Cells To Grow Bigger Breasts' Chinese immigrants found living under pavement in Milan' Palestinian youth orchestra disbanded after playing for Holocaust survivors' Criminal proceedings have begun in Spain against six senior officials in the Bush administration for the use of torture against detainees in Guantnamo Bay. ' A mysterious illness is causing calves to bleed to death on German farms. Veterinarians are stumped over what is causing the deaths vaccines, genetically modified feed or perhaps even the first mother's milk? Jewish writer raises a storm in America with his report from a 'tolerant' Iran PETA Kills 95% of Adoptable Pets in its Care During 2008' Spain considering investigation of Bush officials because they violated international law by condoning torture' Canadians upset at Fox News red eye program, Canadian prime minister snubs Canadian press in favour of Fox News' 'Most religious leaders are fools' The danger of the Dalai Lama, or why South Africa couldn't let him in...  Porn star strips at Milan stock exchange to protest financial crisis, traders immediately go long' Report Israel used unmanned drones to attack Sudan convoys' GhostNet spy ring linked to China' Judge has ordered prosecutors to investigate whether key Bush aides should be charged with crimes over the Guantanamo Bay detention center' MI5 and MI6 admit fears over 15 new torture cases' Without explanation, China on Tuesday locked down access to the popular videosharing site, according to Scott Rubin, a spokesman for YouTubes parentcompany, Google.' Iranian missile experts in North Korea' Bankers urged to disguise themselves for G20 protests' Spanish Court opens inquiry on torture for 6 Bush admin officials ' Western Media Bias  Palestine and Israel' European Protesters March in G20 Rallies' How Would You Respond to an RIAA/MPAA Warning?' Spanish judges have agreed to consider charging six former US officials with providing legal justification for alleged torture at Guantanamo Bay.' Western internet censorship The beginning of the end or the end of the beginning?' In case you were wondering | The Israeli Military finished its investigation of itself and finds no misconduct in Gaza War' Canada To Bush Yall Dont Come Back Soon! | A few weeks ago, George W. Bush slunk into Calgary, Alberta where he was paid a reported $50,000 to address a group of oil men. Canadians were none too happy.' Mapping the fall of communism' A group of pirates got a nasty surprise when they attacked a merchant ship  that turned out to be a German naval vessel.' Morocco has expelled five European missionaries for attempting to convert local Muslims to Christianity' At least 19 people have died in a crush at a football stadium during a World Cup qualifier in Ivory Coast.' Israeli Railways fires Arab workers' A group of researchers from the University of Torontobased Monk Centre for International Studies have discovered a massive spy system infiltrating more than 1,200 computer systems worldwide, including those of the offices of the Dalai Lama.' Gaza cannot remain an openair prison forever' One end of the tunnel emerges next to Tower Bridge on the banks of the Thames in London  the other is next to Brooklyn Bridge on the banks of New York's East River.  It looks like something HG Wells might have imagined. ' Man takes a disco ball to North Korea I wanted to get a feeling of how far one can go without offending anyone' Countries who are censoring the internet now' Not just Bay of Pigs and Nicaragua CIA did the nasty in London, UK' Chinese Police Brutality In Tibet' Obama visits London with an entourage of 500, an armorplated limousine and a fleet of decoy helicopters' Gunmen storm Pakistan police academy' Israel in PR drive to deflect criticism over Gaza deaths' ...the main problem Iran poses to the U.S. is not its nuclear program, but the difficulty of integrating Iran into the web of relationships the U.S. maintains with Irans neighbors and U.S. strategic partners in the region.' How Russia Made Draft Dodging a MillionDollar Industry' BBC NEWS Pakistan police academy attacked' US reporters face North Korea trial' Pakistan  20 dead, 25 hurt in Lahore police training school attack' AUS says stay away from Bali' Anarchists in the UK 'Contrary to mainstream and corporate media unsubstantiated scaremongering campaign claiming the usual anarchist groups bound for violence, the demo passed completely peacefully' [PICS]' If we don't kill them they'll die; the morbidly absurd prosecution of child pornography laws against teenage kids where the only possible victim was themselves Schoolgirl rapist kneecapped by vigilantes' Photographs of White Phosphorus use.' On the eve of the G20 summit, the entire network of central London's wireless CCTV cameras will have to be turned off because of a legal ruling (the reason being they don't fully meet the resolution standards required).  'Worse than the Taliban'  new law rolls back rights for Afghan women | World news | The Guardian Libya's Gadhafi storms out of Arab League summit. I am an international leader, the dean of the Arab rulers, the king of kings of Africa and the imam (leader) of Muslims, and my international status does not allow me to descend to a lower level.' Netanyahu To Obama Stop Iran, Or I Will' Spanish Court to Consider Torture Investigation of 6 Bush Officials' Israel closes probe of Gaza incidents, denies they happened' China says GhostNet is fake because the Canadian research was commissioned by the Dalai Lama's office France is threatening G20 walkout' Kucinich to probe $3.6 billion in bonuses at Merrill Lynch' Hundreds of French workers at Caterpillar take their bosses hostage after they're told of layoffs Should enemy combatants be given legal representation? Lawyers, and political parties, in India dont think so.' Europeanwide car tracking system planned, creating a system of almost total road surveillance. ' No, this is how the stock market really behaves , (and the fact that it is more than 14 months old does it credit)' Muammar Gaddafi accuses Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah of lying at Arab summit Filmmaker's group makes an awarded movie about Nigerian Scam with only $180 What is big, loud, unnecessary, and costs $75 million? A Group of 20 summit.' Monsanto GMcorn harvest fails massively in South Africa.' People often question the testimonies Palestinians give about how cruely they are treated by the IDF (which so definitely doesn't target civilians), it would be hard to deny Ghada Abu Halima's version of events, given she died as a result of them The Taliban in Afghanistan are often portrayed as a single, monolithic entity. They're not The CIA Recruits Spies on the Radio' Should Japan dare recklessly to intercept the DPRKs satellite, its army will consider this as the start of Japans war of reinvasion more than six decades after the Second World War, the official Korean Central News Agency said today.' Here is The People of Freedom, Italy's new conservative party I can see PALIN from my REDDIT!' Police car travelling at 90mph in a 30mph zone at night without sirens on hit and kills a young girl' Canadian hitman admits 28 deaths. In other news, there are hitmen in Canada.' What rich countries gave in foreign aid last year [chart]' Japan pays jobless foreigners money to go home, they must promise to not return' Facing mounting U.S. opposition behind the scenes, Israel still plans to continue a covert operation to delay Iran's nuclear program by assassinating key Iranian scientists' New Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Wednesday that Israel was not bound by understandings on the creation of a Palestinian state reached at a U.S.sponsored conference at Annapolis in November 2007.' New Afghan Law to Force Women to Have Sex' Tea prices are surging. Is your mug next?' Teacher in trouble over thong' North Korea We'll shoot a rocket! U.S. We'll shoot down your rocket! North Korea We'll shoot down your rocket shootdowners! Israel Not Obligated to Seek TwoState Solution, Foreign Minister Says (Do they have April Fool's in the Middle East?) Israel rejects US sponsored peace deal with Palenstine' Is it legally apartheid?  the Palestine conundrum' Shocker BMW AG PURCHASES HARLEYDAVIDSON' Earth population 'exceeds limits' Somali pirates pick on the wrong ship' G20 Terrorist Plot Exposed As Teenagers With Plastic Guns And Fireworks ' Foreign minister says Israel not bound to follow twostate path' Russia and US renew nuclear talks, The discussions will be the first such talks for more than a decade.' U.S. Must Draw the Line on Israel's Settlements Sudan leader on Mecca pilgrimage'  Sex workers rally against new crime bill' The War on Terror being phased out  Not enough people convinced, back to older excuses to pass Security Legislation' This sign at the G20 protest in London says it all!'