 Harvard student expelled from Israel because she had an essay on her computer hard drive that was sympathetic to Palestinians.' 33 Haitian children returned to their parents after good christians try to kidnap them' This deserves nobel peace prize.. it has changed so many lives for the better...$28 Artificial limb..Wow..' AC/DC singer attacks Bono and Bob Geldof over charity lectures ' China cancels 80% of Iraq debt 8.5billiondollar ' Riots in North Korea amid food shortages' The German government intends to purchase a CD containing information about tax evaders with Swiss bank accounts, even though members of the ruling coalition have warned against dealing with thieves. In its quest again tax cheats, Berlin is even prepared to risk a fallingout with Switzerland.' A foreign national who forced his French wife to wear the burqa is denied French citizenship' France to support bluefin tuna trade ban.' According to some you are trying to 'destroy Israel' if you are a charity organization trying to help refugees Tony Blair 'lied' to parliament, his cabinet and public over Iraq warn Psychological trauma and its effects on the children of Gaza 73% of Gaza children are still suffering from psychological and behavioral disorders, including psychological trauma, nightmares, involuntary urination, high blood pressure, and diabetes.' Iran just executed two demonstrators from the green movement, for protesting.  Yatollah Ahmad Jannati praised the head of Irans judiciary and called on him to hang more demonstrators.' Presence of foreigners is growing in South Korea, so are complicated reactions to them' Attacker throws animal semen over schoolgirls' South African Leader Criticized Over Birth of his 20th Child, the mother being a muchyounger family friend and not one of his three wives.' Three US Marines are among at least 10 people killed in an attack near a girls' school in Pakistan, 63 girls injured China leads race to return to moon' VaccineAutism Study Is Retracted'  Iran has successfully launched a rocket carrying a mouse, turtle and worms into space for research purposes. The launch of the Kavoshgar3, which is part of an ambitious Iranian space program that has worried Western powers who fear the technology could also deliver warheads.' UK's ANPR cameras secretly placed and read the numberplate of every passing vehicle, with the data held for two years in the National ANPR Data Centre, regardless of whether the vehicle is linked to crime. Search and Surveillance Bill before Parliament In New Zealand' The chance of another big earthquake in Haiti in the near future is great enough that people in PortauPrince should sleep in tents  not even in buildings that survived the Jan. 12 quake apparently unscathed, geologists said Monday' Iraqi Court overturns ban on hundreds of candidates for next months national election' Scientists unlock HIV Secret' Islamic justice 16yearold girl lashed 101 times for conceiving after rape, while the rapist was pardoned' Australian ISP iiNet wins copyright court case against major film and TV studios' Dr. Aafia disappeared with her children in 2003 while visiting her parents in Pakistan. CIA listed her as a secret detainee in 2007. In 2008, she was found to be in FBI's custody in Afghanistan. With one child believed to be dead, she has now been found guilty of attempted murder of US soldiers. 50% of the Dutch want pot legalized, vs. 25% in favor of prohibition, poll shows (Dutch link)' Last speaker of ancient language of Bo dies in India' Australian 'nude photosanker gains web support Swift (processing transaction for over 8000 banks) refuses to hand over European bank transaction details to the USA. (Dutch link)' British Muslims are forgoing legal marriages in favor of religious ones. This allows the husbands to simply change the locks on the house one day with the wife having no recourse.' Uganda's proposed antihomosexuality bill  life in prison for homosexual acts, death penalty for 'serial offenders'... India Anyone exposing the illegal actions of the police  the rapes and killings of adivasis over the last five years  has been targeted. Himanshu Kumar, a Gandhian, has been evicted from the area; Dr Binayak Sen was jailed.' In Mexico, drug cartels are starting to run the rehab clinics.' Boa Sr, 85 years old, and the last speaker of the Andamanese language Bo dies, adding another language to list of extinct human languages. ' Yemen to Soon Have the Worlds First Waterless Capitaln' Israel accused of not being serious about peace, wants to push for war. ' Exclave's 10,000strong protest rocks Russian politics  iiNET wins court case against Hollywood heavyweights' Sinn Fein believes it has basis for Northern Ireland deal ' Video shows plane with US missionaries shot down in CIA operation in Peru, killing a baby and the mother' Huge blazing fireball sighted in sky above Ireland' Sophisticated Taliban Bombing Kills 3 US Troops, Embarrasses Pakistan Gov. by Revealing US Troop Presence on Ground' Pakistan president is a little superstitious.' Gen. Petraeus says strike on Iran could spark nationalism. So don't push it Israel. The USGermany divide on Iran Will the two allies stick together in imposing sanctions on the Islamic Republic?' Truth over delusion Hugo Chavez did not accuse the U.S. of causing the Haitian earthquake' This has been kept very quiet.... India currently has at least 1000 troops deployed in Afghanistan.' Turkish girl buried alive by family in honour killing' Dubai Police warned that if it is proven that Mossad is behind the assassination of Hamas commander, they will seek an international arrest warrant against Israeli PM Netanyahu' Israel Stole $2B from Palestinian Workers, Israeli economists have revealed' As Generose lay bleeding near her husbands corpse, the soldiers cut up the amputated leg, cooked the pieces...and ordered her children to eat their mothers flesh. One son refused. If you kill me, kill me, he told the soldiers, as his mother remembers it. But I will not eat a part of my mother.' Frances laws, which uphold a strict separation of church and state, prohibit civil servants from wearing conspicuous religious symbols or clothing  including a large crucifix, the Jewish kippa, or the Islamic headscarf  at work.  Headscarfwearing officer to appear before disciplinary committee.' Airline bomb suspect singing like a bird  without any torture. Imagine that.' Shackleton's whisky recovered from South Pole ice Thousands of tons of trash are thrown into the sea each year, endangering humans and wildlife. A classified German government report indicates that efforts by the United Nations and the European Union to clean up our oceans have failed entirely.' Free Gao the human rights lawyer 'disappearedy China one year ago today BBC News 13yearold girl flees her suicide bomber family, 9yearold sister sent to Paradise' Hitlers copyright on Mein Kampf has long been used to keep his inflammatory manifesto off the shelves in Germany. But with the expiration date looming in 2015, there is a developing showdown here over the first German publication of the book since the end of World War II.' CIA Video Of U.S. Missionaries' Plane Being Shot Down In Peru (VIDEO) I can say Americans are lazy and boorish morons. That's fine. If I say the same about Nigerians, I'm jailed  Romania has agreed to host missile interceptors as part of a new US defence shield' Italian judge fines parents of rapists for failures in upbringing' Politics is working in Northern Ireland as leaders announce that police powers will transfer from London to Belfast' Germany Confronts the Meaning of War  For years, Germans were just fine thinking of Afghanistan as merely a reconstruction effort  and their political leaders were happy to keep that misconception alive. But since the bombing in Kunduz that killed several civilians, all of that has changed. ' Norwegian women allowed to have abortions in Sweden based on gender of baby' There is only one voice in Israel the voice of repression, occupation, racism, and warnYesterday Chazan received an email from Jerusalem Post editorinchief David Horovitz, informing her the newspaper would cease publishing her column.' Pirate bill could reach rights' Weapons manufacturer BAE Systems handed 286m ($447m) criminal fines in UK and US' Israeli commander 'We rewrote rules of war for Gaza attacks' Onion Ring More Popular than Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper' Music industry threatens to sue individuals for illegal file sharing after iiNet court ruling.' Haiti The corporate vultures circle'  tnnUganda's 'kill gays' friendsill  nAntigay law worse than thought  Friends who don't rat out friends face death. I wonder if the average working Irish citizen is aware that their ambassador is building a 24,000 sqft house in Canada.  ' Secret summit of top bankers  Representatives from 24 central banks and monetary authorities including the US Federal Reserve and European Central Bank landed in Sydney to meet tomorrow at a secret location ...' Kim Jongil's regime is even weirder and more despicable than you thought. Germany's foreign minister, Guido Westerwelle, backed the idea of a permanent European army Saturday.  Hamas backtracks on apology over harming civilians' President Evo Morales of Bolivia champions gender equality at the highest levels of government' Canadian Polygamist Leader Has 25 Wives, Can't Remember Names Of 121 Children No wives for 24 Million Chinese Men' North Korea releases U.S. activist. North Korea claims that he changed his mind about North Korea after receiving kind treatment, showing 'sincere repentance'.' New Russian military doctrine More liberties in terms of use of nuclear weapons due to NATO increasing threat' Australia's silence on death penalty  National angst over death sentences imposed by Indonesia on Aussie drug smugglers. The miracle babies of Mexico City 25 years later  As survivors are pulled from Haiti's rubble, a look at the fate of the newborns saved after Mexico City's 1985 earthquake.' This is what people need to know about Somalia In December 2006, neighboring Ethiopia invaded Somalia, with the tacit backing of the U.S. Their aim was to overthrow a nascent Islamist government, which managed to bring peace to much of Somalia for a sixmonth stint in 2006.' Video//nnHostesses hit backnJapan's hostesses are forming a union to tackle unscrupulous club managers and owners.    Population Growth the Challenge Australia Cannot Ignoren' G7 nations pledge to cancel debts with quakehit Haiti ' More than 100,000 march in support of Chavez in Venezuela' BAE admits guilt over corrupt arms deals' Recycling human waste in India (video).' Afghan police kill 7 boys collecting firewood' BAE Systems handed 286m criminal fines in UK and US' IRAN (Is Not The Problem)  Documentary' You cannot turn into Mr. Promises, who makes promises just to pull the wool over peoples eyes, to break into positions of power, and then goes about solving his own personal problems without thinking about fulfilling your promises. Putin attempts to criticize his own party after protests.' What advocates of big Australia haven't yet done is spelt out clearly the benefits from such a huge population increase.n With tears in her eyes, she said, My husband hired three men and got me raped in front of him because I was tired of his abuse and demanded the divorce that Islam gave me a right to. He didn't even respect me as the mother of his children...I just want justice in the name of God.''' G7 nations to cancel Haiti's debt A woman has been tortured by her neighbours for two days and forced to eat human waste before she finally gave in and confessed to practising witchcraft.' Large explosion at a power plant in Connecticut, US causing mass casualties  'gas pipeline exploded' Chinas hawks demand cold war on the US' Why Costa Rica scores well on the happiness index' Is America Waging a covert war in Pakistan? [TimesOnline]' Rape on the rise in Haiti's camps  Police seize 1.5 tonnes of explosives in ETA Portugal cache' US of Who? Why China is no longer interested in following America's lead. The US Department of Justice has said that it is still not satisfied with a deal that would allow search giant Google to build a vast digital library.' Blogger describes Xinjiang as an 'internet prison' Our society is afraid of unpopular truths that accurately  but controversially describe why we're in such a big  mess. Most people don't want any trouble, so they keep  quiet. Chile safeguards its food export success' Annual immigration must be slashed by threequarters if the UK population is not to reach 70 million by 2030, a senior MP warned today.n' A 47yearold tribesman gathering food in a north Malaysian forest has fought off a tiger attack armed only with a rock.' Veiled Threats Directed against Russia U.S. Expands Missile Shield Into Black Sea' Uganda gay bill 'will be changed' Hitchens Has No Clothes A response to Vidal Loco' Haitian lawyer for jailed Americans fired  Groups other attorney says attempt was made to bribe their way out' Two Swedish military officers and a local interpreter killed in Afghanistan' Bleak Portrait of Haiti Orphanages Raises Fears' My theoretical grasp of the workings of the universe makes voodoo sound like an evidencebased discipline.' Foreign student visas to be cut by UK' From a Calcutta brothel to a New York university' Chevron hires twelve public relations firms to discredit indigenous Indians in Ecuador...in response to $27 billion lawsuit filed against the oil giant for dumping billions of gallons of toxic waste in the Amazon between 1964 and 1990' The world capital of rape Jeanne and other girls were regularly tied spreadeagle and gangraped, and she soon became pregnant. The rapes continued, sometimes with sticks that tore apart her insides and left her dribbling wastes constantly.' Father of the year waterboarded daughter, 4, because she couldn't recite alphabet China has found another 170 tons of tainted milk powder in an emergency crackdown that has made it increasingly clear many products discovered in the countrys 2008 milk scandal were repackaged for sale instead of destroyed. ' Costa Rica elects for first time a woman for the presidency' It's revolting. After pillaging the country, they flee with their illgotten gains at the very mention of the word tax.' Australian arrested for antiIsrael activities lawyer  campaign by the Israeli government to silence proPalestinian foreigners' Tony Blairs former spin doctor Alastair Campbell breaks down during TV interview about Iraq. Declares People are not interested in the truth anymore' Activists uncover Japanese whale meat embezzling scandal; send evidence to prosecutors. Prosecutors charge activists with theft of a cardboard box. UN finds Japanese authorities breached their human rights.' A new documentary explores how worldwide fish stocks are shrinking, and warns that seafood might disappear entirely, Video about 4 minues' Israel banned a Palestinian geographer expert on settlements from traveling abroad for six months, citing unspecified security concerns' India Widows struggle mightily after a rash of farmer suicides' Blackwateresque private security companies are chomping at the bit for huge paydays offering their services in the reshaping of Haiti, including High Threat terminations, and dealing with worker unrest. ' Opposition leader Viktor Yanukovich claimed victory in Ukraine's presidential elections, Orange Revolution buried A devastating war between Israel & Hezbollah is on the horizon Israel is preparing to invade Lebanon with massive ground troops' Climate scepticism on the rise, BBC poll shows ' Iran detains 7 spies tied to USfunded radio station' Portuguese police foil massive attack on Spain' 2/3 of China's $2.4 trillion currency reserves are  held in dollars. If it dumped the US treasury bonds  China would trigger a collapse of the dollar, world  markets and another global recession Netanyahu makes every antiIran effort in Russia' Can robots fight our battles? The seductive vision, and hope, of those manufacturing and researching the future of military robotics.' ProIsrael lobby has been making a concerted effort to strengthen its presence in Europe' France has agreed to sell Russia an advanced warship and is considering a request from Moscow for three others' Still purchasing food made/processed in China?' Thousands pack funerals for Pakistan bomb victims' Blair acknowledged that Israel was part of the equation on invading Iraq, and that the Israeli government was being actively consulted in the planning for the war' Students interrupted Israel ambassador's lecture at Irving University in LA over 10 times, shouting killers and how many Palestinians did you kill? 12 arrested' Goldman Sachs helped the Greek government to mask the true extent of its deficit with the help of a derivatives deal that legally circumvented the EU Maastricht deficit rules. At some point the socalled cross currency swaps will mature, and swell the country's already bloated deficit. Shame and Fear  Inside Germany's Catholic Sexual Abuse Scandal.  Close to 100 priests and members of the laity have been suspected of abuse in recent years. After years of suppression, the wall of silence appears to be crumbling. Victorian Time Capsule Found in Britain.' Haitian man found alive in rubble 4 weeks after earthquake' Saudi girl, 12, wants to divorce husband, 80.' Cows now outnumber humans in New Zealand. This sucks. Sheep jokes were much funnier. ' China jails activist who investigated deaths of children in schools destroyed by Sichuan earthquake' When it Rains, it Pours Toyota Recalls 437K More Worldwide, This Time Over Brake System Software Failure' Blair used 'Sovietstyle' propaganda nFrench govt. accused British PM of propaganda in runup to Iraq war. Iran has asked the UN nuclear agency to oversee it's uranium enrichment Showoff French philosopher BHL is a laughing stock after citing spoof fictional philosopher' In its attempt to fool regulators, the company is understood to have developed software that would display acceptablelooking readouts on screens whenever inspectors from the Transport Ministry came to observe the testing procedures.  Good job developer !' Indian Government not to allow cultivation of genetically modified Brinjal, for now.' China sentences earthquake activist to five years in prison  for alleged email comments about the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown' Italy says dozens of members of Iran's hardline religious Basij militia have tried to attack its embassy in Tehran, but Iranian media described the incident as a student protest and did not mention any violence. Supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said on Monday that Iran is set to deliver a punch that will stun world powers this week' Supporters of the Iranian Government attacked the Italian Embassy Death to Italy, Death to Berlusconi' Venezuela  Electricity emergency declared by President Chavez while inaugurating his new radio talkshow' Slippery Jack Straw leaves Iraq Inquiry grasping for answers' Iran FM Israel is a crazy country run by crazy people' Italy said dozens of members of Iran's hardline religious Basij militia had tried to attack its embassy in Tehran on Tuesday, but Iranian media described the incident as a student protest and did not mention any violence. Hugo Chvez's new radio show will not appear on any listings and will pounce without warning, day or night, on to the airwaves first a harp playing folk music, then a familiar voice. Obama considered labeling the Christmas Bomber as an Enemy Combatant' Al Jazeera has obtained exclusive footage that appears to show Nigerian security forces ordering a number of people to lie in the road and then shooting them at close range. ' Drugrelated violence is once again on the rise in Latin America. Former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, 78, told SPIEGEL that the drug war has failed and that it is time to try a new strategy decriminalization.' They knew The UK government has just lost their Court of Appeal case, and the judges have ruled that they must publish this incriminating information relating to the torture of a UK resident, so here it is (scroll down on page).' Austrian millionaire gives away fortune which made him miserable ' Operation Titstorm Anonymous target internet censorship in Australia bringing down government servers' True Snowpocalypse Worsening Crisis in Mongolia  Herd animal losses are mounting, now at over 1.85 million affecting some 180,000 families (720,000 people approximately).' Survey finds that 42% of Britons would emigrate if they could' British soldiers having fun in Spain Diners said they were held by up to four men at a time while the others punched, kicked and threw tables and bottles at them.' On the playing field before them, about 60,000 people did wild synchronizedgymnastics routines. The 15 of us who made up the audience watched from a marble dais. We were the only spectators. Fifteen audience members for a 100,000man extravaganza.  Vice Guide to North Korea.' Israeli warplanes have hit southern Gaza with missiles in response to rocket fire from Hamas, airport disused' Binyam Mohamed torture evidence must be revealed, judges rule  High court ruling compels British government to disclose what MI5 and MI6 knew of refugee's treatment in Guantnamo Bay Honda issues global airbags recall defective airbags can overinflate and burst, spraying potentially deadly metal shards' This is about the war we made in Gaza, and what it did to Israel. This is about how Israel's conduct of the war has done more damage to the Jewish state than all the thousands and thousands of Palestinian rockets and mortar shells put together Iran's Feb. 11 surprise A generation in denial Millions face retirement poverty because they've remortgaged their homes and saved too littlenn From sabotaging loudspeakers to circumventing Internet firewalls, Jason Shamswho spent months fighting in the streets of Tehranreveals some of the underground machinery that fuels the protests.  The Daily Beast' Terrifying ordeal for passengers stranded between floors after a lift broke as they were descending in the Burj Khalifa tower, the worlds tallest building' One misses the days when those working for peace and standing up for wars victims were merely pinkocommie queers. Now, theyre antiSemites' Iran suspends gmail access for the nation' Today the British government lost its appeal  In 2002 a British subject by the name of Binyam Mohamed was arrested in Pakistan.  He is the man who claims he was tortured by a scalpel slicing his genitals' Helmand Vice Majority of Afghan police fail British drug test' The proRussia Viktor Yanukovych has won Ukraine's presidential election Israel's Answer to War Crimes? Better Marketing Iran blocks Gmail permanently in favor of a staterun email system.' Second stage of Haiti's medical emergency has begun, with diarrheal illnesses, acute respiratory infections and malnutrition beginning to claim lives by the dozen European Parliament has blocked agreement that allows US antiterror officials to monitor Europeansank transactions Blackwater (now XE) given 7 days to leave Iraq' brokep of TPBfame releases a new project  flattr' UK Reveals Intelligence Docs very least cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment by the United States authorities at Gitmo' Japanese murder exposes world of hired marriage wreckers Couples dislike of direct confrontation rather than pleading face to face, may hire a splitterupper to seduce the other away' Iran has called for the dismantlement and removal of all weapons of mass destruction from across the globe.' Iran declares itself a 'Nuclear state' as thousands of progovernment Iranians rally to mark the 31st anniversary of the nation's islamic revolution UK school bans Valentine cards to spare pupils emotional trauma.' Vancouver's best kept secret downtown Eastside is home to 40% of Vancouver's robberies and assaults, features North America's only legal heroin injection center, and has an HIV rate of 30%  on par with Botswana. Thirtyeight percent of world's surface in danger of desertification A Huge Meteorite has slammed into Mexico, leaving a 100 foot crater! Mexico meteorite impact was so massive it broke windows in homes many kilometers from the epicenter and people reported buildings swaying and mass confusion.' Japan apologizes for colonial rule of Korea (which went a bit further than a tragic incident)' It takes a BBC reporter to cover Obamas war. (video)' Iraq asks France to return 895 million U. S. dollars for undelivered jet fighters that Saddam Hussein payed ' Euro MPs block bank data deal with US' Iran crushes opposition protests with violence It means they won and we lost. They defeated us. They were able to gather so many people' The New Israel Fund, a powerful Israeli antiZionist organization Israel must recognize the [Palestinian] refugees' right of return, on the basis of UN Resolution 194' Scientologists flown to Haiti by John Travolta to help in the relief effort plan to set up a permanent base' Venezuela tries to make it rain In desperate need of water, Venezuela is bombing clouds and praying for rain.' Lebanon PM Vows to Stand With Hezbollah in Event of Israeli Invasion' Is Britain a broken society as the Conservatives claim? The statistics say a resounding No. But public opinion, driven by media hysteria, says yes.' Blizzards in the United States, a heatwave in Brazil, killer floods in Mexico and drought in Ecuador. El Nio wallops the Americas.' In the 1970's 10,000 Iraqis died and 100,000 were permanently braindamaged from mercury treated wheat Row over plan to build Jewish museum of tolerance on site of Muslim cemetery' An unidentified man has become a hero in Argentina after he pushed a stalled van off railroad tracks, narrowly escaping being hit by the train. ' Indians are being urged to hand over a note worth zero rupees when asked for a bribe, in a bid to stamp out corruption among officials.' Saying that body scanners violate Islamic law, MuslimAmerican groups are supporting a fatwa  a religious ruling  that forbids Muslims from going through the scanners at airports.' Iraq asks France to return 895 million U. S. dollars for undelivered jet fighters that Saddam Hussein payed' The damage done to Israel's image by allegations of Gaza war crimes in a UN report has ignited a war between the right and left in the Jewish state Olympic luger dies after crashing' RIP Frisbee inventor guy  never had a patent and never got rich, but WhamO voluntarily paid him a modest royalty.' Asked whether China's treatment of dissidents might negatively affect its image overseas, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu responded, 'There are no dissidents in China.'' Iceland aims to become haven for investigative journalism.' The rightwing Canadian government doesn't tolerate criticism of Israel cuts $2.1 million in funding to NGO that suggested in a policy newspaper that there should be a onestate solution where both Israelis and Palestinians have equal rights.' Chilean mint issues coins with 'Chile' spelled wrongly.  No one notices. Plane seat safety tests faked  Discovered  After a company employee blew the whistle' China decries Barack Obama's plan to meet Dalai Lama The 73yearold had apparently been concerned about the frequent theft of potatoes from his farm. He was arrested after an intruder set off one of the tripwirestyle mines in August and was injured in the blast. ' The torture memos show how illegal wars turn even the nicest people bad' Goldman Sachs suspected of foul play on Robin Hood Tax poll | The Guardian' Mud Volcano Was ManMade, New Evidence Confirms' Journalists harassed while attempting to enter Canada from the United States to cover protests and other events related to the Olympic Games.' Dalai Lama Blackballed from Thailand' Ahead of Olympics, Vancouver assaults civil liberties ' Yemen has announced a truce with northern Shiite rebels, aimed at ending a war that has raged onandoff since 2004 and that drew in neighbouring Saudi Arabia. Here is some background about the rebels.'  nPolice investigate claims Prince Andrew hit a police officer with his car while driving into Buckingham Palace' Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, mounted stiff resistance tonight to any swift bailout of Greece, as a rift opened up between European capitals over how best to tackle the risks posed to the euro.' Letting poor people vote is dangerous.' Britain 'faces fuel shortages and dearer food by 2015' China alarmed that the West  particularly the United States  is using ecards and Twitter to weaken it militarily, create political dissent and to sow chaos.' Men's Olympic Luger Said to be Dead Biggest offensive since 2001. Number superiority 1530 soldiers to 1. Taliban are retreating from their largest and most lucrative stronghold. BIGGEST Afghan battle is expected to take place in the next few weeks.' There are still over one million landmines in Cambodia. At the rate they are going now, it will take 50100 years to finish. If I could teach villagers to demine the way I do. It is fast, easy, and cheap. We could have the whole country demined in 35 years.  Aki Ra' Norway plans to build the world's most powerful wind turbine Israel is waging a covert assassination campaign across the Middle East in an effort to stop its key enemies coordinating their activities.' Iran president Era of nuclear weapons over' Vancouver 2010  Georgian luger dies after horrifying crash at Whistler track' Palestinians dressed as the Na'vi stage a protest against Israel's separation barrier Fail First Female President of Costa Rica opposed to samesex marriage, abortion and the morning after pill' German prosecutors said Friday they have charged a member of allfemale pop group No Angels with causing bodily harm for failing to inform sexual partners that she was HIV positive. ' Paul Farmer, Founder of Partners in Health which operates in Haiti, gives fantastic talk about the situation' Iran disrupting satellite transmissions' 'US to expand military centers in Pakistan' Nato launches major Afghan assault' Palestinian Protesters Dress As 'Avatar' Characters Major offensive launched in Afghanistan by NATO.' 6 Arrested In Mentally Challenged Woman's Torture Death 3 killed in Alabama university shooting' Cuban doctors help Haiti  Cuba's socialist system successfully mixes politics, medicine and diplomacy Coalition Begins Major Afghan Offensive' USA accidentally admits that Iran has no nuclear weapons program' Head of Russian space mission proposes plan to save Earth from apocalyptic collision with Apophis  equal to 100,000 Tunguskas' China quake activist jailed for inciting subversion' New Zealand What has happened to real wages since 1982?' Earth 'to be wiped outy supernova explosion with force of 20 billion billion billion megatons of TNT Jerusalem mayor trying to order Arab homes in majority Arab neighbourhood to be demolished.  State prosecutor has already ordered the homes be evacuated.  Why not go all the way?  I Didn't know evil had limits. Iceland Looks to Create Information Haven  a Switzerland of bits' Moazzam Begg 'British intelligence were there at every stage of my detention'  I am a British citizen and the British intelligence services were, as far as I'm concerned, complicit in the torture of their own citizens  the ones they're supposed to protect.' 20,000 evacuated from Caen to defuse WWII bom Villagers forced to move as Burmese junta allows Chinese electricity giant to build seven hydroelectric dams in Burma's northern region of Kachin. The biggest of them  the Myitsone Dam  will see the forced displacement of 15,000 people from surrounding villages Why did the Iranians hate us so much?' Robert Kissel found out his wife was having an affair with a TV repairman in the US and planned to seek divorce just before she killed him. She drugged him using a milkshake laced with Rohypnol and hours later bludgeoned him to death with a metal ornament in their luxury apartment in Hong Kong.' Doctors Haunted by Haitians They Couldnt Help' Afghan civilians killed in strike by Nato rockets' First phase of Afghan offensive 'gone to plan' 20,000 people evacuated in Caen for a large mining operation' Brits forced to give up European expat dreams' Police unable to save girl from icy river because of health and safety  Telegraph' SinoUS Cyber War More to Fear than we Know?' GM of Chilean mint dismissed for misspelling the name of the country' The Year of the Tiger The Chinese century' Profiteers of the Greek finance crisis' Pakistan court strikes down presidents order  Pakistan's Supreme Court suspended the presidential appointment of two top judges in an emergency ruling late Saturday that could cause a destabilizing clash between the judiciary and the unpopular, Westernbacked government.' Wall St. Helped Greece to Mask Debt Fueling Europes Crisis' Reem Asaad, an economics professor from Jeddah, organised the boycott through her Facebook page, as public protests are illegal in Saudi Arabia.' Germany How to fight neoNazis?' Missionaries Doing What Missionaries Always Did' UFO sceptic has close encounter with 'alien' in British park. Australian grandmother beats off attacking shark  then for the fun of it enters into Fight Club ' To suppress a gathering of artists, from afar, through boycott or any other means of exerting pressure, is wrong  James Cameron' Anonymous planning large anticensorship nationwide protests across Australia [PIC]' 10,000 protesters block 6,500 neonazis from marching in Dresden on 65th anniversary of allied bombing. They formed a huge human chain around the center of the city.' My father rode a camel, I drive a Mercedes, my son drives a Land Rover, his son will drive a Land Rover, but his son will ride a camel (Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum) Peak Oil forecast for 2015. ' Three quarters women said if a victim got into bed with the assailant before a rape they should accept some responsibility.' As Israeli soldiers we hang our heads in shame over Gaza ' Two Greenpeace activists are on trial in Japan after trying to expose alleged embezzlement in the whaling fleet, which is heavily government subsidised.' U.S. congressman Brian Baird says U.S. should break Israel Gaza blockade rolloff ships and roll them right to the beach and bring the relief supplies in, in our version of the Berlin airlift' Mexicans march against drug war and Mexican officials are beginning to agree with them.' Legal Advisor for Haiti Adoption Case Implicated in El Salvadorian Child Prostitution Ring' Incredible Pictures of Israeli Attack in Gaza Operation Cast Lead (WarningGraphic)' Brussels train crash at least 20 people feared dead ' In Taiwan, fetching young women in outrageous outfits sell betel nuts. Is this a tourist draw, or national shame? ' Canada looks to China to exploit oil sands rejected by US' Arrest warrant issued for disgraced American cyclist Landis  Accused of hacking into a French drugtesting laboratory!' How widespread is the opposition to Iranian government?' Assassins of Hamas chief 'used British passports' Male 'Pill' on trial Russian Northern fleet vessel continues pirate hunt ' Antiwhaling activists face trial in Japan | World news | guardian.co.uk' UK Parliament opens its doors for anyone to get married there, including gay couples' ...while indigenous peoples make up around 370 million (5%) of the worlds population, they constitute around onethird of the worlds 900 million extremely poor rural people.' Pope summons Ireland's bishops nGroup of 24 called to Vatican to discuss revelations of pedophilia. Black police organisation must be scrapped, say white officers' Spotlight proves too much for the 7 yearold samba queen at Rio carnival' Teenage domestic violence tackled by advert campaign; study suggested a quarter of girls aged 13 to 17 had experienced physical violence from a boyfriend and a third had been pressured into sexual acts they did not want.' Human bones could reveal truth of Japan's 'Unit 731' experiments British Columnist  We not only have a right to use torture, we have a duty. The arrogant bastard goes on to suggest and justify torturing the wife and children. ' This is fucking terrifying the man who led the  peaceful demonstration against the Mohammad  cartoons in Oslo last Friday says that gays deserve  to be stoned to death. (Article inside)' CCTV shows 'international hit squad' at work in Dubai BBC presenter Ray Gosling admits on live television that he killed AIDSstricken lover.' Dubai names suspects wanted for killing of Hamas commander Arrest warrants for 11 Israeli agents with European passports' The government seems intent on pressing ahead with the use of body scanners without addressing any of the privacy concerns and safeguard issues raised.  The commission is right to suggest that security measures cannot simply be introduced without due respect for the rule of law.' Icelandic resolution could legally make the country a haven for protection of freedoms of expression and information.  ' Amnesty International has lost sight of its original purpose ... It's now incumbent on any member who takes the original charter seriously to withdraw funding until Begg is cut loose ... and until Sahgal has been reinstated.' European hit squad killed Hamas leader' Suspected killers of Hamas official Mahmoud alMabhouh were travelling on fake passports. Includes passport photos.' Seeds of discontent the 'miracle' crop that has failed to deliverA new 'ethicaliofuel is damaging the impoverished people it was supposed to helpn British sources Three Irish passportholders accused of taking part in the assassination of a Hamas commander in Dubai were most likely Mossad agents carrying false documentation' French authorities deliberately exposed soldiers to nuclear testing in the Sahara' I recently discovered the War Nerd.  I wish this guy was still around.  Good article on the strategy of the Iraq War.' Yet another plot twist to the Dubai assassination at least 5 Israelis share names with assassins, but photos don't match, and they still have their passports.  Argentina has said any boat sailing between it and the Falkland Islands will now need a government permit.' Top Taliban commander captured, U.S. official says' Soldiers take time out from war to treat 7yearold caught in crossfire' US Marines and Afghan troops are bogged down by sniper fire and homemade bombs on the third day of their biggest offensive since the overthrow of the Taleban in 2001' New Delhi, India known as rape capital of South Asia as the practice of Eve Teasing continues unabated, or why some Indian men can't take a hint. ' Iran Defends Human Rights Record Before U.N. Council ' An 11person team of trained killers with European passports carried out the assassination of a senior Hamas official in a Dubai hotel.' 'Iran Won't Simply Sit There and Accept an Attack' Switzerland to Gadaffi You are not welcome here. Gadaffi to most of Europe You are not welcome HERE' Student is arrested for giving South African president's motorcade the finger, and for swearing. Minister of Police says No individual is permitted to use foul language [or] swear. What the fuck, now we can't swear at public figures?' Hamas military leader assassinated in Dubai by a group of professionals wearing disguises.' Dubai assassins stole identities of six UK citizens living in Israel' Israel makes life very hard for Palestinians, says ICRC' Israeli settlers disobey the order to stop building' Rocket strike that killed 12 Afghan civilians was not a rogue missile but hit its intended target, according to the British commander' Egyptian police seized more than three tonnes of explosives set to be smuggled into the Palestinian Gaza Strip' 70 journalists were killed in 2009, making it the worst year since records began 30 years ago' Dubai Hamas assassination a smiling killer and mystery of forged UK passports' Not satisfied with having screwed up the US economy Goldman Sachs branches out to screw up Greece too...' France used soldiers as guinea pigs in nuclear tests in the 1960s, deliberately exposing them to radiation from atomic blasts to test the effects.' Japan's foreign minister says an antiwhaling activist being held onboard a Japanese whaling vessel in the Antarctic Ocean will be taken to Tokyo and will not be released to a third country. Electric prod marks suggest AlMabhouh was tortured before he was assassinated. How unprofessional.' Argentina will take measures to stop British oil drilling off Falklands' Is Argentina looking for another Falkland conflict? ' Britons had passport stolen by Mossad death squad used to assassinate a Hamas leader in Dubai' Murder arrest over Ray Gosling's BBC confession Africa's first highspeed train South Africa's new Gautrain to launch for World Cup 2010. Russian S300 delivery to Iran delayed  ' UK ferry company allowed to carry on destroying marine life ' Obama Administration will not rule out attacking Iran over its decision to enrich uranium to 20 percent. Same as Bush.' British nationals named among suspects deny role in murder of Hamas official' Dubai Hamas assassination how it was planned, according to the Telegraph' Israel smokescreens world community about the killing of Mahmoud alMabhouh in Dubai Israel never responds, never confirms and never denies, Mr. Lieberman said. There is no reason for Israel to change this policy.' Afghanistan Taliban 'using human shields', attempting to draw NATO fire to areas with high levels of civilians Dude arrested for lighting a cigarette on the olympic torch' The community of ultraOrthodox Jews in Israel is half a million strong and growing. They live in a parallel universe cut off from the modern world in tightknit communities where everything revolves around religion. Only a few dare to abandon this life  and the price for doing so is high.' Hired and armed by the CIA in the 1960s, the Hmong remain trapped in enemy jungle, forgotten by America and the world' What could have been another tragedy at Vancouver has turned into a dream of olympic glory for Slovenian XC skier Petra Majdi. She fell down a unprotected 9 foot drop during warm up, broke 4 ribs and pierced her lung  but then won bronze in agonizing pain.' IDF bans 45,000 Palestinians from using major road built on their land to please 150 'settlers', High Court rules the IDF cannot do that, so the IDF caves in and allows Palestinians to use the road, except Palestinians are still banned from using the roads during Sabbath. Israel? Secular? A N Korean woman's account of what life is like in N Korea. She said, People in N Korea were merely breathing, they were not living.  ' INTERPOL has issued Red Notices for 11 internationallywanted individuals who have been charged by UAE authorities with coordinating and committing the murder of Hamas commander Mahmoud alMabhouh in Dubai.' George Will Mocks GOP Obsession With Sarah Palin  Sarah Palin...is not going to be president and will not be the Republican nominee unless the party wants to lose at least 44 states.' Swiss prostitutes armed with defibrillators' Dubai police call on Interpol to help arrest Mossad head  things are hotting up ' UK 'determined' over Israeli secret service assassination row In the US they are called the military industrial complex.  In Iran they are called Pasdaran.  Whatever name you call it, in whatever historic context, the results are always the same.' British government releases tons of UFO documents; 6,000 pages of sightings' British threat to Israel over Dubai Hamas assassination' India Worries as China Builds Ports in South Asia' Plane crashes into Northwest Austin office building, man was possibly targeting IRS' BT cotton is causing suicides to skyrocket in India.' Government Trojans, Orwellian Doublespeak and 'A Serious Threat to Internet Neutrality'  The lower house of the French parliament has approved a draft bill that will allow the state unprecedented control over the Internet More than two dozen words are banned for nonMuslims by a law that ostensibly seeks to prevent them from trying to convert Malaysias Muslims. But in a country where religion and ethnic politics intertwine, many people see the issue as a reflection of the countrys persistent political turmoil.' Saudi royal held over aides murder in London hotel' Haiti restavek tradition called child slavery ' 'Dubai police chief 99% sure Israel behind Hamas killing' UK calls in Israeli ambassador as Dubai killing row escalates' China has much to lose from Iran sanctions' We need judges to investigate our spies, not spies to berate our judges' Military coup in Niger' Coup Attempt Under Way in Niger, Official Says  Smoke was seen rising from the presidential palace amid heavy gunfire in Niger's capital, Niamey. Canada's last World War I veteran has passed away Obama meets Dalai Lama, angering China' The truth about the Mossad' Russia 'very alarmedy Iran nuclear report A new bill to fight child pornography has been signed into law by Germany's president. There's only one problem The government has decided it no longer wants it. They are now in the awkward position of relying on opposition help to repeal the legislation. Russian police say they have arrested a man who hacked a video billboard to show a porn movie, bringing traffic to a standstill on a busy Moscow road.' If you haven't seen it, this is the entire 30 minute video detailing the assassination operation from the arrival in Dubai, to the hit of Mahmoud al Mabhouh. Completely sfw and can be watched without audio. Chavez says 'desperate' UK flouts law in Falklands. Calls on the British to return the islands to Argentina. The government in the Indian state of Meghalaya has confiscated textbooks showing pictures of Jesus Christ holding a cigarette and a can of beer.' Australian PM threatens Japan with legal action if whaling not stopped by November' In U.S., Canada Places First in Image Contest; Iran Last' The potential greatness that is /r/worldnews; or, Have you ever heard the one about how Tamils aren't Palestinians? Swedish court ruled autism not caused by MMR vaccine' True battleground location of Bosworth Field (ended the English War of the Roses) is a mile away from where previously thought. Archeologists cite finding cannonballs, armour shards and King Richard's personal boar emblem as proof. Irish government knew of forged hit squad passports two weeks agon' Latest Drone Strike Targets Haqqani. The death of Haqqani would mark another in a stunning series of successes against the Taliban leadership in Pakistan timed with the U.S. offensive across the border in southern Afghanistan.' Ever read a headline submitted to /r/worldnews and just not know what to do with it? You don't know what it means, why it happened, or how it affects the world? Some of us decided there should be a subreddit for peeling back the layers. Rift Widens as U.S. and China Pursue Conflicting Goals ' Bankers refuse to leave the UK' Former Mexican foreign minister calls for North American union, unified currency' UK denies advance knowledge of fake UK passports' Australians enlist fierce Australian meat ants in the quest to control cane toads' Britons whose identity stolen to get new passports' What a surprise...' The whole idea of communism is dead in North Korea, and its most recent 'Constitution,' 'ratified' last April, has dropped all mention of the word... It is based on ... an ideology of the most unapologetic racism and xenophobia.' Selectively applying and breaking the law in Israel, Israelis who throw rocks at Palestinians are protected by the military, Palestinian children who throw rocks at Israelis are arrested under conditions which break Israels 'Youth Law' BBC News  Dutch government 'collapses' in row over Afghanistan Japan gets the nod to kill whales again' Britain 'knew Mossad was using fake passports for Dubai hit'  Israeli agents tipped off British intelligence that they were going to carry out an 'overseas operation' using fake British passports before assassinating a Hamas official in Dubai, the Daily Mail reported.  Lost Nazi nukeproject uranium found in Dutch  scrapyard' Assisted suicide law to be decriminalised y back door' from next week BBC News  Incredible Footage of Madeira Floods and Mudslides' I wanted to throw a wedding feast for you. Instead, we have a funeral. Olympic luger Kumaritashvili is buried in his hometown in Georgia.' Pakistan air strike 'kills 30' in South Waziristan  Dutch government collapses over Afghan commitment  An Immoral War Takes European Toll' London mayor cuts funding for Black History Month' Baghdad before the war. ' 'I know I have sinned, and I have to be punished. Strangely however, I felt that the caning was not a form of punishment but was an opportunity for me to repent and return to the right path' Scary Shit from Hungary' Britain denies any advance warning of plan to murder Hamas leader ' When China Rules the World' Michel Chossudovsky, who's from an independent Canadian policy research group, believes that what Iran says hardly matters, because the U.S. is planning for war... [video] Dutch government collapses Amid disagreement over Afghanistan' Iran's science progress fastest in world Canadian report Bishop Walter Mixa faces continuing criticism for claiming the sexual revolution was partially to blame for the widespread abuse of children at German Catholic schools.' St. Trinians and beyond  Ronald Searle at 90' Britain at risk of worse deficit crisis than Greece' Zahra's Paradise. A 7languages webcomic on Iranian reality from the 16th of June, after the contested election of Ahmadinejad. New episodes every Mon, Wed, Fri at 12 NY time. A huge step forward for a backward country Saudi women to be allowed to argue cases in court.' Israeli immigration officials copied British passports used by hit squad, ministers told   Telegraph' Ever seen the sophistication of a western approved ethnic cleansing? ' 'Why have I got to meet these fucking people?' he yelled at Wood. 'Why are you making me meet these fucking people?' [Gordon] Brown then roughly shoved aside the stunned adviser.' Chinese censors tormented by mythical animal' The Story the New York Times Won't Touch Users are witheringly referred to as the muertos vivientes  the living dead  of Buenos Aires.  A story about Paco, and the towns it destroys.' Extremist Israeli Settlers Attack, Wound, Palestinian Child in Hebron' nHair extension industry built on Indian sacrifices' Airport staff may be responsible for importation of drugs and weapons into many countries' Dubai assassination squad carried diplomatic passports' Israel touts new fleet UAV's capable of reaching Iran. Around 200 residents of a southern Italian town have been evacuated after an enormous landslide split the side of a hill. No one was hurt.' Israel's women soldiers share stories of hate and despair Lufthansa pilots have voted to go on strike for four days next week. The industrial action will bring chaos to German airports and will cost the airline tens of millions of euros.' London Fashion Week catwalk row over size 14 models' The new McCarthyism is Israel' Welcome to the office, the new Stasi state ' Oil drilling begins in the Falkland Islands' The Warlord's Tune Afghanistan's war on children Returnees aim to revitalize Sierra Leone  Thousands who fled civil war, now come back with skills and hopes.' Energy profits soar as bills go through roof' Dutch troops 'to leave Afghanistan as planned'  PM AFP Afghan police move into Taliban stronghold' Current Worldwide Homicide/Murder Rates! [CHART]' Remember Professor Nutt, the UK drug advisor who was sacked after stating scientific facts about drugs? The British government has responded to the petition which asked for Nutt to be reinstated.' Netherlands government falls over refusal to extend Afghanistan mission Fears withdrawal may prompt other countries to follow suit' British MPs demand end to public funding of Homeopathic medicine.' 33 civilians were killed in a Nato air strike in southern Afghanistan. The value of the bombs used to kill them could have given so much wealth to this people, that this is fucking insane.' Plans to cut off internet connections of illegal filesharers dumped  Small Victory' An Israeli court will soon decide on the demolition order of Khan Al Ahmar, a Palestinian village in the occupied West Bank  so that Israeli homes can be built in its place. ' Swiss brothers smuggling nuclear bomb secrets for AQ Khan network were CIA assets... says Swiss court' China sells $34.2bn of US treasury bonds' Officers planned False Flag Operation n52 Turkish military leaders planned to blow up mosques, airliners.' The Israeli Air Force introduces a fleet of pilotless aircraft that can reach Iran' Devastation on Madeira  ' Victims of a 1983 terror bombing in Berlin want compensation from the Syrian government. Now they have asked a court to seize ancient Syrian artwork currently on display in Germany in the hope of putting pressure on Damascus' Surprise! Religious Racism Evident in Relief for  Haitian Earthquake Victims' The excited pet dog of a German man on the run from the law led police to his master's hiding place. Better public relations won't improve Israel's image abroad Killing of Hamas official is not murder' Taliban beheads two from nonIslamic minority.' Israeli named in Dubai probe disappears report' It's Mourning in Canada... As speculators attack the euro, Europe is facing a growing threat of national bankruptcies which would be dramatic for the whole of the continent, especially German banks, which are highly exposed to risky debt. EU politicians are willing to pay almost any price to help the beleaguered countries' Dozens held in Turkish 'coup plot' Israel army introduces new drone with range to reach Iran.' Pakistan captures another Taliban leader' Dutch Government Collapse The High Price of the Political Crisis' Gordon Brown to give evidence to Iraq inquiry next week' This is why we (the U.S.) can't have nice things. Exposed Dark secret of the farm where tigersodies are plundered to make 185 wine New immigration law in Austria requires prospective immigrants to have a basic proficiency in German' Latin American and Caribbean nations have backed Argentina's claim of sovereignty to the Falkland Islands in a dispute with Britain over plans to drill for oil off the islands in the Atlantic How Birthrate Is Turning Modern Conventional Warfare on Its Head' Mossad Under Suspicion EU Demands Israeli Cooperation over Dubai Killing' It's illegal for migrant workers in Israel to have children. A Mossad Operation Gone Awry?  The assassination Mahmoud alMabhouh is widely believed to have been the work of the Mossad. But why would Israel's legendary intelligence service allow the identity of its agents to be compromised? (extensive and insightful) Slavery isnt Sexy A Hard Look at the Underbelly of the Olympics ' China tells schools to ban Oxfam' Americas bloc excluding US and Canada is proposed' Head of UK antibullying charity turns out to be a bully' Palestinians are rioting to stop Israel from stealing their Heritage.' Iran 'arrests Sunni militant'  Terrorist leader Mr Rigi had been in a US military base 24 hours before his capture' Colonel Imam a battlecreased Pakistani officer who wears a British paratroopers jacket I have the Green Beret but the Taleban beret is better' Palestinian president and Hamas leader Israeli declaration of heritage sites on occupied land is a serious provocation that will ignite War' Homeless victims of Haiti's earthquake say that police are halting deliveries of food and water to try to force them to leave their camp on the grounds of the prime minister's office. A Swedish man went into a police station to lodge a complaint that his hash turned his girlfriend into a dolphin.' Israeli politician Tzipi Livni applauds Dubai Hamas killing' A massive car bomb has exploded outside a courthouse in Northern Ireland, the first such attack in the province for over a decade.' NATO commander makes televised apology to Afghans' Car bomb explodes at Newry courthouse, Northern Ireland. ' China tightens Internet controls' Dalai Lama China denies problem in Tibet' Europe has demilitarized too much, underfunded defense budgets are directly impacting operations in Afghanistan, says US' Italian thugs upload youtube video showing them beating up an autistic kid. Youtube takes video down within hours. 4 google employees charged, 3 found guilty. WTF?!' Spain has approved a sweeping new law that eases restrictions on abortion, declaring the practice a woman's right and doing away with the threat of imprisonment, in part of a drive toward liberal policies that has angered conservatives and the Catholic Church. Rupert Murdoch's media giant News International could face a judicial inquiry after a highly critical parliamentary report today accuses senior executives of concealing the truth about the extent of illegal phone hacking by its journalists The son of one of Hamas' founders served as a top informant for Israel for more than a decade, providing topsecret intelligence that helped prevent dozens of suicide bombings and other attacks against Israelis Russia will not support crippling sanctions against Iran, including any that may be slapped on the Islamic Republic's banking or energy sectors' Afghan President Karzai Approves Removal of Foreign Observers from Electoral Watch Panel That Exposed Massive Fraud in Last Election' International Intellectual Property Alliance is  putting countries on a piracy watchlist because they  use open source software' Haaretz exclusive Hamas founder's son worked for Shin Bet for years   I don't want my fourteenyearold learning about Napoleon as he's too young to invade Italy Greek row with Germany over debt turns nasty as Mayor of Athens demands 70 billion in World War II reparations' Israel has a publiclystated policy of violating the sovereignty of any and all countries in order to kill or abduct its opponents.' Iran arrests Jundullah terror group leader Abdolmalek Rigi  allege he was returning from an American base in Afghanistan' The US deliberately enticed the Soviet Union into invading Afghanistan in 1979. (Interview excerpt from 1998; link to original interview unavailable as near as I can tell) ' Royal Bank of Scotland set to announce 5bn loss. That's just great, we bailed them out Dubai identifies 15 new suspects in Hamas killing' Six more British passports used in Dubai assassination of Mahmoud alMabhouh' Top Turkish officers charged over 'coup plot' after more than 40 officers were arrested on Monday in the continuing power struggle between the Turkish government and military. (4 coups since 1960) Israel's 'miracle' antirocket defense plan raises anxieties Jailed Cuban dissident dies after prolonged hunger strike' Australia to facescan visitors from 'terrorrisk' countries Iran Says Capture of Rebel Is Blow to U.S. (Actually, they said terrorist)' Nearly 25% of all mortgages are underwater  Feb. 23, 2010' UN Aboriginal program violates human rights' Putin warns power utilities controlled by four billionaires they face fines unless investment commitments are met' Twelve officers charged over Turkey coup plotn' The British PoW who broke into Auschwitz  and survived In 1944, Denis Avey swapped identities with a Jewish prisoner in Auschwitz. Now, at 91, he reveals why he did it' Australian webfilter minister caught censoring his own site.' Tel Aviv, Israel introduces Municipal program to prevent Arab boys from dating Jewish girls' Royal Bank of Scotland announces 3.6bn of losses. RBS is expected to pay 1.3bn in bonuses to its staff.' Australia warns Israel on Dubai assassination plot' Berlin Takes On Washington  German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle has been vocal in his demands that the US remove its nuclear weapons from German soil. Now he is calling for NATO to discuss the issue at an upcoming meeting, despite outspoken American opposition to his proposal' Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi called on Thursday for a jihad or armed struggle against Switzerland, saying it was an infidel state that was destroying mosques.' European Union high court said Thursday the disputed area is not part of Israel and Israeli goods made there are subject to EU import duties. ' NATO admits false intelligence lead to deaths of 8 boys' UN takes conservative line against Latin America's growing drug reform movement  The U.N. body says it is particularly concerned by a 2009 law in Mexico that decriminalizes possession of small amounts of cannabis, cocaine, heroin and other drugs. Israeli writer Alon Hilu's acclaimed historical novel tackles the most sensitive of Zionist taboos headon Hooded gunmen kill 13 in southern Mexico' Six more Britons, including a 23yearold woman, have discovered their identities were stolen by an alleged Mossad hit squad in the murder of a Hamas leader last month. ' Gordon Brown to Tony Blair YOU RUINED MY LIFE' Vancouver faces a  $1 billion hangover From the Olympic party' Hospital left patients 'sobbing and humiliated' Communism has lost the capacity to inspire the Chinese. As the dominant political tradition in China, Confucianism is the obvious alternative.' Patient is called back to the hospital after Mastectomy... Good news and bad. The good; You don't have cancer. A former Rwandan military officer accused of ordering the killing of up to 50 people has been jailed for 25 years by a U.N. court trying masterminds of the country's 1994 genocide. Six months for each person killed... Argentina steps up pressure on Falklands' Sudan's President Omar alBashir says the sevenyear conflict in his country's Darfur region is over. From now on, the Iranian government has announced, any airline which refers to the waterway between Iran and Arab states as the Arabian Gulf rather than the Persian Gulf will be banned from its airspace. ' A 11 year old boy was sexually abused, bound, gagged and beaten, prodded with a fork, whipped with a wire, sprayed down with vinegar and forced to eat chilli peppers as well as his own vomit by two sisters a court in Leicester has heard.' French President Sarkozy admitted Frances error of judgment but stopped short of an apology in connection with the Rwandan 1994 genocide ' Was Mossad on a fantastic adventure in Dubai?' Gaddafi calls for jihad against Switzerland ' Afghanistan, February, 2010  The Big Picture' Born Hamas, turned Shin Bet How the son of a Hamas founder ended up an Israeli agent.' Say goodbye to your $1.4bn fortune... we're having that thanks.  Israeli government videos portray Europeans as gullible' Dubai hit squad underestimated police expert  Israeli operatives badly bungled the jo ' The Federal Reserve is examining the stratagems devised by Goldman Sachs and other big banks to help Greece mask its burgeoning debt over the last decade. Say what?' Danish newspaper apologises in Muhammad cartoons row' Libya's Muammar Gaddafi has called for a jihad, or holy war, against Switzerland  Let us wage jihad against Switzerland, Zionism and foreign aggression ' Greeces problems deepened as the Federal Reserve disclosed it was investigating Goldman Sachs and other banks that helped the country mask its debts' BBC cuts to 6Music, Asian Network, magazines, web, sport, imports. Still not enough for the Murdochs ' Lebanon arrests six suspected of spying for Israel ' The Falklands can no longer remain as Britain's expensive nuisance   UN debates call for Gaza probe  ' Violent French husbands 'may be tagged'  Judges release criticism of MI5 agents in Binyam Mohamed case' EU Israeli goods made in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank cannot be considered Israeli' 3,000 square kilometers of iceberg breaks off Antarctica ' UK court orders disclosure of spy agency criticism' Top judge speaks out against MI5 over Binyam Mohamed torture row ' Iceberg the size of Luxembourg breaks off ice shelf.' A former top level US intelligence official says the assassination in Dubai of a Hamas operative has all the hallmarks of the Israeli intelligence agency, Mossad.' Iraq to Rehire SaddamEra Army Officers' American Intelligence Agents to Be Embedded in Mexican Law Enforcement' Rising populations are at core of overseas aid issuen' Earthquake with a magnitude of 8.5 reported near Concepcion, Chile ' Hey Canada, we want to say something to you Stay classy. Except this time we're not being sarcastic (sorry about that) The Canadian crowd raised a chant of USA! while the players got their bouquets.' Hawaii  Tsunami Warning has been issued  will arrive @ about 1119 HST Sat Feb 27, 2010' Track Chilean 8.8 Earthquake Tsunami Size in Real Time' Massive earthquake of 8.3 magnitude strikes Chile!' Life is elsewhere  In Germany, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, more and more people are choosing to emigrate to other continents in a quest for better living conditions.n' I'd like to remind reddit that the Taliban used to destroy opium crops.  Disaster pictures from Chile [The Big Picture set]' Imagine the surprise of international inspectors almost two weeks ago when they watched as Iran moved nearly its entire stockpile of lowenriched nuclear fuel to an aboveground plant. It was as if, one official noted, a bullseye had been painted on it.' Tsunami Model for Chilean earthquake  Earthquake Research Institute, Tokyo' Egypt's Nuclear Option President El Baradei? For someone like myself to be unable to run for president, this is a disaster. How can a constitution bar 99 percent of the people from running?' Chile Earthquake Tsunami Hits New Zealand ' Internet Not Working in Chile  all sites with .cl are dead at the moment' Israelis rush to join Mossad after Mahmoud alMabhouh killing' UK Troops to remain in Afghanistan for '5 more years' Mystery of dead Briton and the rightwing cult' Live feed of Coconut Island in Hilo (where tsunami is supposed to hit first)' Hawaii Tsunami Warning Information.  (Wave arrival estimates 1105 a.m. Hilo, 1120 a.m. Maui, 1135 a.m. Oahu, 1150 a.m. Kauai, 912 ft. surge estimates.)' I thought I'd blown a tire ... but then I saw the highway moving like it was a piece of paper and I realized it was something much worse' Hawaii prepares evacuations ahead of tsunami (Sat Feb 27, 2010 1004am)' Syrias population control strategy under scrutiny  Damascus government accused of failing to encourage contraception to deal with soaring birth rate.n' Italian oil slick reaches key farm center of Parma' Live feed of Chilerelated twitpic images, updated every 2 minutes. May be NSFW' 'Israel pressing U.S. not to send new envoy to Syria'  nUK troops to remain in Afghanistan 'for five years'n Amazing picture showing how the energy from the Chilean earthquake will dissipate across the Pacific. [pic] ' Eta 'leader' arrested in France Its enormous need for water is on course to make the capital, Sana'a, the first in the world to die of thirst.  Tens of thousands of Italians have demonstrated in Rome against Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi' Britain's Judiciary in unprecedented attack on the Government and secret services over American torture.  Sixty million people in the developing world are leaving the countryside every year. The squatter cities that have emerged can teach us much about future urban living ' Lest we forget, Russia and the US have not talked down reducing ready arms from 1,675 deployed nuclear warheads in almost eight years.' Europe wary of following Dubai killers trail No serious investigation to trace the movement of suspects through Europe' Why Chile's devastation is less than Haiti's Remember the article about the guy who was fined by British Police for blowing his nose whilst driving? They have decided not to prosecute.' Australia abandons Israel in UN vote' California is at greater risk for default than Greece, warns JP Morgan chief' Deadly storm lashes Spain, Portugal and France ' Amorous British backpackers to blame for spread of STDs in Australia' Tsunami kills 5 in Robinson Crusoe islands' The death toll from Chile's earthquake has more than doubled to 708 and is expected to rise! Yemen declares state of emergency in southern city' Iceland secretly pressured US to defend it against British ullying'  Massive iceberg just broke off of Antartica' Somalis Write Poetry for Peace' The population issue far outstrips political, moral and socioeconomic interests. It is related to the survival of the nation, which is why governments and private donors pour in money to help Indonesia keep its birth rate under control.n' Nato draws up payout tariffs for Afghan civilian deaths  Average compensation paid by Britain to bereaved families falls from 7,300 to 2,900' Has BBC 6 Music fallen on deaf ears? James Murdoch, News Corporation's chairman and chief executive in Europe and Asia, steps up to buy 6 Music Hamas man was drugged with muscle relaxant then smothered' Israel's heritage sites A row about holy places threatens to engulf the Holy Land in new violence Dear World, Canada will be closed from noon to 3pm (PST) on Sunday.' CANADA WINS 32 IN OVERTIME' Happy Holi  festival of colours  to all our Indian readers. Looks like a lot of fun.' NATO sinks Somali pirate mothership' Christians throw rocks at Voodoo practitioners honoring Haitian dead' There are calls for Oregon, Washington and British Columbia to split from the US and Canada. Cascadia is not a bad idea.' Man's family isn't buying the official story that he died from drinking a glass of water UK's XFiles to be destroyed from now on Rio narco war These boys have become little Taleban who think they have nothing to lose' 53 people killed by combination of tempest and hightides in France. Most people drowned during the night in their own home.' Storms batter France, National Emergency declared' France's national railway provoked a race row after producing a poster warning passengers to be on the look out for Romanians.  Israelis to be denied UAE entry over assassination scandal.' UN's climate link to hurricanes in doubt Gamers have flooded a government inquiry to  support the case for an R18+ rating for games, but  a Christian group opposed to the change has  warned that the strong response was the result of a  biased consultation process and that little weight  should be attached to the submissions.' People travelling to the United Arab Emirates who are suspected of having Israeli citizenship will not be allowed to enter the country regardless of what passport they hold, Dubai police chief Dahi Khalfan Tamim said Monday.' Why business won't save the world An iceberg the size of Connecticut is heading towards Australia!' A senior military official from Iran, the world's fourthlargest exporter of crude, said on Sunday the country could make European countries suffer by cutting off energy supplies and could target any adversary with its missiles. Russian tanks found abandoned in Urals forest' Prominent Israeli and father of Israel soldier held by Hamas, Noam Shalit, calls for the UN to implement Goldstone report.' 'No clues' in disappearance of Australian nuclear scientist  What was he Working on? Afghanistan bans coverage of attacks, will detain offending journalists' New IAEA chief says 'Iran not cooperating'  Is Iran really hiding something or is the UN getting the ball rolling for military action? Over A Quarter Of A Thousand Earthquakes Have Shaken The Earth in The Last Week' BREAKING NEWS German Federal ConstitutionalnCourt rules against internet and telephone data storage! Fuck yeah!' Massive head of pharaoh unearthed in Egypt' Chile's massive earthquake has likely altered the distribution of the Earth's overall mass, scientists from NASA say. As a result, the length of a day is now a little shorter than it was before Saturday's magnitude 8.8 earthquake.  12yearold Palestinian Child To Be Prosecuted As An Adult By An Israeli Military Court' Muslim scholar issues unequivocal condemnation of suicide bombers acting in the name of Islam' Overprotected children missing out on dangerous childhood' So, in short, the BBC have decided to bend over and take it in the Ass from James Murdoch et al.' Chinese police forced to resign amid allegations of torture and prisoner abuse. ' The Other Africa The usual image of Africa as a continent mired in conflict and squalor is unfair and misleading. Yes, African has some failed states, but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful, agreeable places.' Fatwa to condemn terrorism to be issued Suicide bombings and attacks against civilian are not only condemned by Islam, in other words, render them to be unbelievers destined for hell' Changing face in Poland Skinhead puts on skullcap. When I look at an old picture of myself as a skinhead, I feel ashamed. Every day I try and do teshuvah. ' Israel is recording details of Israelis who protest with Palestinians rights activist in an effort to block these Israelis at checkpoints.' Dubai will identify Israelis by physical features and the way they speak' Former Serbian leader Karadi denies the Srebrenica genocide, calls war just and holy' Chilean Army fails to regain control from looters, sends 10.000 soldiers to the earthquake region' Irish town representatives voted to remove a page signed by the Israeli ambassador from its guestbook in protest at Israel's diplomatic record. Chile Update Worse than originally thought. ' 200 Russian tanks found abandoned in forest It is like you can sit behind the wheel, start up the engine and drive off and nobody would notice!' France announced yesterday that it has entered into exclusive negotiations on the sale of four of its sophisticated Mistralclass assault ships to Russia. If completed it would be the first major arms sale of a Western nation to Russia since World War 2.' EWG Uzbekistan authorities have instructed health workers to surgically sterilize women as part of a government campaign to reduce the birth rate in the authoritarian exSoviet nation.' The Taliban made life unbearable for nonislamic minorities causing migrations within Pakistan' Ex U.S. army colonel to make antiwar speech at major Canadian University' Plainclothes police broke into Mr Panahi's family home and arrested him, his wife and daughter and 15 other guests Chinese model ready to sick authorities on her exboyfriend who posted explicit video' Martin Ssempa, Ugandan minister with close ties to Rick Warren and a supporter of the bill to put homosexuals to death in that country, is showing gay porn during church services to get people all fired up to kill the gays'