 I was told I was going to be raped, I was told I was going to be gangbanged, I was told that they were going to make sure that I was never going to want to act as a journalist again. Netanyahu No apology, no compensation to Turkey over Gaza flotilla  Israel cannot apologize for our soldiers being forced to defend themselves against the mob that almost slaughtered them, Netanyahu said during an interview with Israel's Channel 1. Swedish 'sex purchase law' very effective  A Swedish law punishing the purchase  not sale  of sex, has been so effective it has slashed street prostitution in half. The three richest men in the world have more money than the poorest 48 countries. Hitler Film Reveals India's Nazi Fascination  CBS News Brazilian taskforce frees more than 4,500 slaves after record number of raids on remote farms. DEA, Ecuadoran officials seize real drug submarine China 'jails Tibet activist for five years' for publishing a proDalai Lama article on his website Palestinian PM gives Israeli PM concrete proposal for final borders gives control over Jewish Quarter, Western Wall to Israel, allows for land swaps of 2.5% of West Bank (for annexation of Israeli settlements) and a land corridor between West Bank and Gaza. Iran remembers victims of airliner shot down by US 250 dead in oil explosion and no one cares since it 
happened in the Congo.  100 people feared dead after oil tanker exploded, setting fire to a village in DR Congo A person criticises the the Thailand government on Facebook. The next day he is arrested and jailed for 2 months pending trial.  Kenya Christian preachers exploit the sick, 
promising miracle cures for the terminally ill at a 
price (vid) No spending please, we're German  Berlin has been portrayed by Washington as the selfish bogeyman of the global recession. But Germans aren't being cheap They're being themselves. Iran Ahmadinejad calls new US sanctions against 
Iran pathetic, warning they would regret their 
bullying. Buffett donates $1.93bn in shares to five charities. When oil began to spill from the overturned tanker, local residents attempted to collect the oil. One was smoking a cigarette, causing the tanker to explode Algerians seek damages for France for the 17 nuclear tests France conducted in the 1960s. Congo 270 feared dead after an oil tanker 
overturned and exploded, setting fire to a village  Goldman Sachs The Pirates of Poison in the Gulf Ethnic Turks Encounter 'Kltrschock'  More ethnic Turks are now moving out of Germany than in. As the German economy lags, a Western education helps professional Turkish Germans find work in a booming Muslim nation. But they aren't always welcomed home. Campaign for Iranian woman facing death by stoning  A warm welcome to guardian.co.uk for all former readers of the Times  On the day that Rupert Murdoch's London Times puts up its online pay wall, the stillfree Guardian sets out its stall to new readers, and sticks a few stilettos in the Times's back along the way General Motors now sells more cars in China than in the USA.  How long before it's a Chinese car company with an American subsidiary? Finland's right to broadband law is all about preventing the gov't from cutting off citizens' Internet access for bullshit political reasons Haitian Farmers Fight Back Against Monsanto  Concerned that giant multinational corporations are attempting to gain a larger foothold in the local economy, they call on farmers to burn any Monsanto seeds already distributed, and demand that the government reject further shipments. Lebanon's Shia Muslim leader dies  the CIA attempted his assassination in 1985 with a car bombing that killed some 80 civilians 5 yr olds & the truth  study into false sexual abuse stories This may be Britain's Abu Ghraib  The allegations of torture by British soldiers in Iraq bear chilling comparison with America's worst excesses US warships headed to Costa Rica in order to fight War on Drugs Jaroslaw Kaczynski has conceded defeat in Poland's presidential elections after exit polls suggested he had lost to Bronislaw Komorowski. The precise compilation of western casualties contrasts with almost criminal neglect in tracking the numbers of Afghan civilians killed since 2001. If Afghanistan is the good war then why are we not demanding to be accurately told how many skeletons there are in the Afghan closet? Compromise between Hong Kongs democrats and Chinese officials will allow a majority of legislators to be elected by popular vote for the first time in Hong Kongs history Iran 'has proof US kidnapped missing scientist' Ecuador authorities seize 30 meter drugsmuggling sub A Russian oligarch is facing the biggest divorce payment in history after his wife demanded a 3.8 billion settlement Why does the world buy into Tony Blair?  PAKISTAN The ISI severely torture a soldier for five years on false charges of spying for India BBC News  Call to ban rugby scrums in schools Will Europe still be a military power in the 21st century?  

This question would seemed absurd in the 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, or 20th centuries, all of which had their different versions of European military power.  Saudi King Halts Oil Exploration to Save Wealth This video is for all the people who were mad at the vandalism and said Cops are just people trying to do their job!  Where is your outrage now that its pretty clear this was a set up?  Permission granted  Tensions flare again as Israel proposes to expand settlements Private armies getting stronger in the Philippines WHO Medical equipment still banned from Gaza Indonesian Islamists Threaten Christians 1Mbps Broadband Becomes a Legal Right... in Finland Good job BP, Miami  now faces up to 80% chance of BP Oil Lebanon's Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah dies at 74 To check mates claim, chess champion Bobby Fischer is exhumed in Iceland. British Medical Association labels gay conversion therapy harmful, discredited What was happening at G20 in Toronto, Canada  Police surround and attack small group of protesters at Queen and Spadina   Toronto G20 Police threaten to rape and torture journalist and female protesters. Male officers strip search and cavity search females.  Why do you hate us? [the US officer asked], Because you blow down our doors, enter our houses, pull our women by the hair and kick our children. We cannot accept this. We will fight back, and we will break your teeth, and when your teeth are broken you will leave...It is just a matter of time. An ugly paradox of the 21st century is that some of our elegant symbols of modernity  smartphones, laptops and digital cameras  are built from minerals that seem to be fueling mass slaughter and rape in Congo. Iranian mother of two to be stoned to death Police at G20 There is no civil rights here in Ontario, how many times do you need to be told that? (455)  repost from /r/canada Consensus on ACTA Transparency Breaks Down U.S. Opposing Release of Secret Copyright Treaty Taser abuse covered up by police Report shows Police used tasers far too often and in a dangerous manner.
  Turkey Hundreds of Kurdish children jailed on terror charges The power of nightmares Chinas proposed sale of nuclear reactors to Pakistan will intensify nuclear rivalry with India. But the damage will go far wider  Leaked Luntz Poll Majority of Americans dont support Israeli flotilla raid The European Union has agreed to new rules limiting banker's bonuses in an effort to curtail shortsighted investments. It is the latest EU effort to apply the lessons learned from the financial crisis. Airports in England, Germany, the UAE have refused to give fuel to Iranian planes BREAKING Israel drops all restrictions on the free 
flow of consumer goods into the Gaza Strip, 
restricting only a short blacklist of weapons and 
construction materials which could be used by 
militants. Billions of dollars are being secreted out of Kabul to help wellconnected Afghans buy luxury villas in Dubai. Amid concerns that the money could be the result of corruption, American politicians have temporarily cut off aid to the Afghan government. Lockerbie Bomber Not Dying After All BBC News  China jails US geologist for stealing state secrets BP boss building 1.3m Spanish villa to escape oil spill mess Thousands Arrested in Fuel Price Protests in India Racism in Mexico rears its ugly head Are Mexicans Racist? Australian Tomato prices are expected to increase after more than 5 million plants were poisoned at two north Queensland properties. Swiss close to deciding on extradition of Roman Polanski Iraq female genital mutilation continues in Kurdish Iraq Israeli judge We must learn from the Nazi tactics, to improve the State of Israel's PR efforts in the world Four journalists have filed complaints with Ontario's police watchdog, alleging physical assaults and threats of sexual violence by police during the Toronto G20 summit, their lawyer says. Some half a million Israelis are now living over the 
Green Line more than 300,000 in 121 settlements 
and about one hundred outposts, which control 42 
percent of the land area of the West Bank  
B'Tselem Israeli soldiers to be prosecuted for using Palestinians as a human shield in last Gaza War Colossal waste of money South Africa's 10 new stadiums face uncertain future Ugandan LGBT Advocate Found Beheaded Exposed The truth about Israel's land grab in the West Bank  Jewish settlers, who claim a divine right to the whole of Israel, now control more than 42 per cent of the occupied West Bank, representing a powerful obstacle to the creation of a Palestinian state US scientists create HIVresistant cells Death by Remote But Is It Legal?  extrajudicial executions ... are punishable as a war crime says 1998 UN report This spring, it looked as though the Catholic Church was finally going to confront charges of sexual abuse head on. Following recent police raids in Belgium, however, the Vatican has once again closed ranks. In the internal Holy See debate, the conservatives have regained the upper hand. Pakistan Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar 'arrested' Money laundering in Zimbabwe You're doing it wrong Cockney to disappear from London 'within 30 years' NYT As the United States seeks to end a fourdecade Jewish settlement enterprise, the American Treasury helps sustain the settlements through tax breaks on donations to support them. A U.S. geologist has been sentenced to eight years in a Chinese prison for allegedly violating state secret laws. Clinton criticizes Russia for occupying Georgia Turkey wants Israel apology, Israel rejects demand  Have you ever heard of these tunnels? Pressure on Sarkozy over allegations he took illegal gifts
 Seoul wants 'clear and firm' UN message to N.Korea
 Mexico thwarts Hezbollah bid to set up South American network  TwoThirds Of Iran Air Fleet Banned From Flying Into EU AntiBeer Demonstrators Arrested at Beer Festival  First of all, this event was not against alcohol in general, but against substandard beer and against the culture of people getting together en masse and drinking this horrible beer..., said organizer Andrei Pesotsky. Swedish party leader sets USD 20.000 on fire to kick off campaign Poll Most Germans Want to Dump Euro, Return to Deutschmark  More than half of Germans reportedly want to go back to the deutschmark, 11 years after they dumped it for the euro.
 A woman who suffered severe facial burns during the 7/7 terror attacks in London five years ago is showing off her new face to the world Mullets Are Officially Illegal in Iran Messopotamia is still being looted. Still. Over $200 Million In TaxExempt Funds Have Been Sent To Extremist Jewish Settlers By American NonProfits In The Past 10 Years Two gay men who said they faced persecution in their home countries have the right to asylum in the UK, the Supreme Court has ruled.  IDF objector sprays 'Free Gaza' graffiti on Warsaw Ghetto wall The Case Against Kissinger Deepens One of the key figures to stand in the way of Chilean generals plotting to overthrow Allende was the Chilean army commanderinchief, Rene Schneider, who was killed during a botched kidnapping attempt by military rightwingers in 1970 Britain prepares for the collapse of BP Queen Elizabeth II makes first U.N. speech since 1957 
Charges have been laid against the soldier who released the Iraq bombing videos to Wikileaks. Moscow curators face 3 years in prison for exhibit that offended Russian Orthodox ChurchA Lesson for America??;The church has become an instrument of censorship like it was during czarist times, said Gleb Yakunin, 76, a priest and Sovietera dissident...It wants to control culture Son urges Iranian courts to stop mother's death by stoning Israel allows Palestinian newspapers into Gaza, Hamas bans them Private information on innocent European citizens will be handed over to U.S. law enforcement authorities under an agreement slated for approval by the European Parliament this week Russian government offers 'spy swap' deal to US UK Terrorism Stop & Search Power Violates Rights  450,000 people stopped & searched, zero people successfully prosecuted Cuba has agreed to free 52 political prisoners and allow them to leave the country in what would be the island's largest mass liberation of dissidents since Pope John Paul II visited in 1998. China executes top official for corruption Police question Belgian cardinal in child abuse probe
 Canadian Court Rules ISPs Not Broadcasters May Require Net Neutrality and Block Content Levy IDF investigation of Gaza war crimes, including 
pointblank killing of civilians in front of their 
families, has yielded a scapegoat ... What is clear is 
that the members of the AlSamouni family were 
not killed due to the error of a single soldier.   
Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News Poland to extradite Israeli agent to Germany
 Burma Does today's most notorious military dictatorship pose a third potential nuclear threat after North Korea and Iran? Send a postcard to Benjamin Netanyahu.  Download 
and print. Report Secret document affirms U.S.Israel nuclear partnership, despite the fact that Israel is not a signatory of the Nuclear NonProliferation Treaty CNN Drops 20yearveteran news editor after twitter post mourning the death of prowomen's rights Hezbollah leader. With 6 countries imposing the death penalty on gay people and 80 making gay sex illegal, British judges say gay refugees must get asylum PROMISES BROKEN Hundreds of fishermen dont get their BP checks Irish block EU plan to allow data transfer to Israel  
The Irish Times  Thu, Jul 08, 2010 Obama orders investigation of Turkish aid foundation after Israeli peace activist slaughter  The United States is investigating whether to add the Turkish Humanitarian Relief Foundation, or HH, to its official list of terrorist organizations. UK treasure hunter finds 52,000 Roman coins A penguin has been found wandering the streets of Dublin after she was stolen from the zoo in a suspected prank. BBC News  Three held in Norway 'alQaeda bomb plot' As many of you may know, The Pirate Bay is down, here is the reason. 4,300yearold tombs found in Egypt Controversy over South Korea's sunken ship  Physicists' research casts doubt on idea that North Korean torpedo downed vessel AARP on Iran's health care system That system has eliminated
health disparities between rural and urban populations over the last 30
years, reducing infant mortality in rural areas by tenfold. If Earth stopped spinning, how would land, water reconfigure in absence of centrifugal force? Computer simulation supplies answer one equatorial megacontinent, two great polar oceans Chinese Firm Drops Local IQ Standards for U.S. Hires Fox Plans Arabic News Channel Iranian woman condemned to be stoned receives reprieve. Poverty among Holocaust victims in Israel is something of a dirty secret and there's a sense of bitterness and betrayal We helped found the state of Israel and built it. They should make our final years better Britain condemns planned stoning to death for adultery of a woman in Iran stoning is a medieval punishment that has no place in the modern world Afghanistan Now it's America's war  There is little doubt that the new British Government would like to bring the troops back from a war it has inherited, and one which is proving increasingly costly in both human and financial terms. The Corruption Hunter Network form club Sounds like a band of comicbook superheroes, but they are real  prosecutors and investigators who fight governmental and institutional wrongdoing worldwide Iran halts woman's death by stoning  but she could still face death penalty, and 12 other women still face death by stoning European Parliament approves sending European citizens' financial data to U.S. authorities as part of the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program Cuba Releasing 1/3 of Country's Political Prisoners! How Kim Jongil Ruined World Cup Propaganda Push for Heir Russia Frees Scientist in Exchange for the Russian spy Anna Chapman Iran woman 'adulterer' will not face stoning BP has 24 hours to give answers on oil well, US government says Companies brace for end of cheap madeinChina era Australian Government Temporarily Backs Down on the Internet Filter Issue. In all [last week], the Chinese military awoke to find as many as 462 new Tomahawks deployed by the U.S. in its neighborhood. Iran to U.S. No talks until you clarify stance on Israel nukes  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Thursday that the United States must make its position on Israel's nuclear strategy clear before talks on Tehran's atomic program could resume. 
STOP BUYING FOOD PRODUCTS MADE IN CHINA...

Chinese authorities have seized 64 tonnes of milk powder and products laced with the same deadly toxic additive that sparked an uproar in 2008. Russianbuilt submersibles would be able to cap the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico, the captain of one of the vessels has said China renews Google's license Poverty within white South Africa, in pictures Here is the cached post the UK and US don't want any body to see. Fadelalah was a decent man, from  the  lady who knew/met him several times, he is no spiritual leader of Hizbulah. BBC News  Iran woman escapes stoning death for adultery things are getting hot  UK deletes a blog post made by their ambassador in lebanon (Frances Guy) that praises late Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, Lebanon's top Shiite cleric PAKISTAN A trade union leader and his brother are murdered during strike negotiations Italian journalists strike over Berlusconi wiretap bill Haryana, the caste barrier is broken. A Dalit elected head of an Indian village Bookstore CEO and wife of billionaire saves Iranian woman from stoning. Japan increases its airspace at the expense of Taiwan Israel is still bitching against anyone who mourns the Lebanese deceased cleric Wellknown human rights organization denounces CNN's firing of Mideast editor This kid can't catch a break horrible name, horrible father, horrible timing to commit a horrible act and now a horrible time in prison.  BBC News  UK envoy's praise for Lebanon cleric draws Israel anger Deep Throat  The depravity of Major League Eating.  Reallife Shaolin Soccer Chinese monks starts soccer team CNN fires British ambassador for praising deceased 
Lebanon cleric France denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant who failed to assimilate into French society A Muslim immigrant who called for the slaughter of Jews in online postings has become the first person to be charged with promoting genocide in Canada Math Class in the Morning, Turning Tricks at Lunchtime  They are still children, only 12 or 13 years old. They fall in love for the first time and wind up with a pimp. Parents and police are struggling against the hold socalled loverboys have over young girls, but often it's already too late. Iran imposes media blackout over stoning sentence woman South Africa blackowned farms 'failing'  More than a million people are marching in Barcelona to call for greater autonomy for the Catalan region. Brazil moves to update its copyright law, with a twist; penalize anyone who hinders or impedes fair use rights or obstructs the use of work that has already fallen into the public domain. Dubai airports nix fullbody scanners out of respect for privacy of individuals and personal freedom Drug bust at Israel airport, Hasidic Jews arrested For Propaganda to Work, It Must First Be Believable The Captured Palestinian Missile Launching Garbage Truck Palestinian demographics and cross border fungibles could break down Israel's ringfenced security, causing even more of its nervous east Europeanorigin Jews to migrate back to their homes in Russia, Poland and elsewhere More than 100 dead in blast in northwest Pakistan Painting depicting politicians at Nelson Mandela's autopsy have sparked anger in SA; ruling ANC party compares it to 'witchcraft' and call it racist Chinese Naval Fighter begins rollout.  What does it remind me of? The sad reality is that todays oppressed are quite often yesterdays oppressors, and todays victims tomorrows victimizers.  UK fugitive kills himself to evade capture, which begs the question, why is it considered more humane to lock someone up for the rest of their life rather than execute? Belgium Church Panel On Sex Abuse Shuts After Raid In Haiti, the Displaced Are Left Clinging to the Edge The largest urban disaster in modern history The village makes the villain.  Mozambique's `recolonisation' Professor's hand chopped off for insulting Muhammad Global Elite Designed Sanctions to Kill and Impoverish the People of Iran The Chinese military awoke [on June 28, 2010] to find as many as 462 new Tomahawks deployed by the U.S. in its neighborhood. 'There's been a decision to bolster our forces in the Pacific,' says Bonnie Glaser, a China expert . . . 'There is no doubt that China will stand up and take notice.' How Guatemala nearly went 'narco' INDONESIA Moluccas clashes between Christians and Muslims three dead and five injured It was a helluva run Colton HarrisMoore arrested in Bahamas Al Jazeera found that stoplights that lead to Jewish settlements and neighbourhoods stay green for an average of a minute and a half. In Palestinian areas, it's 20 seconds. One light in predominantly Arab East Jerusalem is green for less than 10 seconds 18 terabytes of uncut rushes put together by Phil Goodwin who has worked for 14 years as a cameraman for the BBC in Afghanistan An academic backlash has erupted in Israel over 
proposed new laws, backed by the government of 
Binyamin Netanyahu, to criminalise a handful of 
Israeli professors who openly support a campaign 
against the continuing occupation of the West Bank. Ireland seeks to block Israel access to data on EU citizens The Country that Hates Everyone 4 Arrested in South Africa Trying to Sell Nuclear Device Syrian troops overwhelmed by diarrhea epidemic! Haunting Images of the Massacre That Shamed Europe and the UN Report At least 33 dead after two explosions hit Kampala, Uganda Threatening World Order US and Israel Quietly Announce Plans to Reconstitute Their Nuclear Stockpiles Hamas vows to punish collaborators with Israel as remorse ultimatum is over Guatemala's navy captured a makeshift submarine loaded with five metric tons of cocaine bound for the United States. With nonviolent struggle, we can win the media battle.  They always used to say that Palestinians are killers. With nonviolence, we can show that we are victims, that we are not against Jews but are against occupation. Israel says won't let Libyan aid ship reach Gaza New pictures show Castro in rare public appearance 
 Pyramid Construction Supervisor's Tomb Found  Discovery News Sri Lanka war crimes rift with U.N. widens over protests  Cuba 'starts freeing dissidents' after hunger strike Afghanistans Qalahye Zal District Governor killed after bomb detonates inside car Libyan ship We're going to Gaza  Of course Rupert Murdoch's evil, but that doesn't mean he's wrong  Physicists' research casts doubt on idea that North Korean torpedo downed vessel In Haiti, the Displaced Are Left Clinging to the Edge Galloway sums up the israel palestine conflict in an interview BANGLADESH A man dies in police custody after refusing to pay bribes; his relatives are warned not to pursue the case North Korean soldiers defect to China fuelling fears of imminent military clash Terrorists target World Cup fans in Uganda, watching final game  At least 64 killed Anger in Costa Rica over deal to 'invite' 46 US warships    Opposition leaders in Costa Rica are furious over an agreement that allows 46 US warships and 7,000 US Marines to enter the country as part of an antidrug effort. Swiss authorities reject US extradition of Polanski Israel and the lobby are pushing us to war with Iran. Al Qaeda group bombs Ugandan World Cup parties death toll now 65 (Photos) Ireland to block EUIsrael data transfer Facebook installs 'panic button' for children Oil companies complicit in Sudan civil war, report alleges. A recent report by a group of NGOs alleges that an oil consortium led by Swedish firm Lundin Petroleum may have been complicit in 'war crimes and crimes against humanity' in Sudan. No freedom flotilla for the people of Darfur.  Sudan government incited violence kills 221 in June Conroy and Gillard delay controversial web filtering plan.  The Australian government has succumbed to pressure and delayed the introduction of its mandatory internet filtering scheme. Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro will appear on Cuban television and radio on Monday evening to discuss his theory that the world is on the verge of nuclear war, the Communist Party newspaper Granma said in its Monday online edition. Two men who organised a controversial art exhibition showing in Moscow in 2007 have been found guilty by a Russian court of inciting hatred. BBC News  Twin blasts in Uganda capital Kampala kill at least 64 Will Brazil be able to successfully host the 2014 World Cup? AlJazeera reports that maybe they won't. Iran Air is now forbidden from landing most of its airplanes in Europe, due to safety concerns 26 Year Old Woman Raped and Murdered by Basij Members for 'Bad Hija  The intentions of the savage Basij members was to put a stop to the improper way women in society dressed Gaza farmers risk being shot by Israeli patrols Foreigners acts as human shield to protect Palestinians Israel's military probe into the attack on the Gaza aid convoy has found Israeli forces guilty of serious errors 'Shining India' makes its poor pay price of hosting Commonwealth Games China New government transparency rules strike chord with public Creating Order in the Euro Zone  Fearing a lasting burden on taxpayers, the German government is preparing a set of insolvency rules for countries in the euro zone. It would require private investors to bear some of the financial burden and force the affected countries to give up some sovereignty. Dubai full body scanners at airports violate personal privacy and may have side effects on passengers. Palestinians in Hebron have their doors welded shut to protect Jewish settlers. So that's OK then. It's fine to abuse young girls, as long as you're a great film director After four years of relative seclusion Fidel Castro makes a televised address warning of imminent nuclear conflict in the Middle East. 91 Israelis file a $1.2 billion lawsuit in a US federal court against alJazeera The network 'intentionally reported live coverage of locations of missile strikes inside of Israel to aid Hezbollah South Korea deploys robots capable of killing intruders along border with North  Israel faces worldwide dockworkers boycott for flotilla massacre and Gaza siege Burka Ban French Parliament Votes To Ban Veils Covering Face, Muslim Burka And Niqab Affected Iran says a nuclear scientist it claims was abducted by the US has taken refuge in its interest section at Pakistan's embassy in Washington Israel razed on Tuesday an inhabited Palestinian home in East Jerusalem for the first time in eight months, effectively ending an unofficial freeze of such internationallycondemned demolitions. US and UK credit rating downgraded by Chinese Did BP Negotiate a Terrorist's Release in Exchange for Libyan Oil? UK Opposes criminalization of illegal file sharing, citing that the penalties are not appropriate 'Walls of fat' removed from London's sewers  A team of flushers equipped with full breathing apparatus has been drafted in with shovels to dig out an estimated 1,000 tonnes of putrid fat. If the public fears a cyberwar because the powers that be says there is danger, that makes it easier to put into place systems that watch and record everything you do online, provide justification for cutting off the Internet during an emergency and other measures. (warning PDF) European Union member states have agreed the additional funds needed to construct Iter (the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor). The Jewish school where half the pupils are Muslim The organisers of a Libyan aid ship bound for Gaza say it's been confronted by an Israeli military vessel and ordered to change its course for Egypt. They also say the boat  called 'Hope'  is refusing to alter its destination and will continue to head to the Palestinian territory.  Israelis sue AlJazeera over Lebanon war reporting Sunday marked the 15th anniversary of the Srebrenica massacre, when Bosnian Serbs killed around 8,000 Muslim men and boys. German commentators point out that there are still plenty of unanswered questions, including whether blame for the genocide has been correctly attributed. Afghan soldier kills Nato troops United Arab Emirates issues religious edict against vuvuzelas Afghan soldier kills 3 Brit troops during joint patrol Missing Iranian scientist found in US  A missing Iranian nuclear scientist that Teheran claims was kidnapped by the CIA has sought refuge in the Pakistani embassy in Washington, according to an Iranian state radio report cited by Reuters. Policeman arrested for smuggling drugs to prisoners  Police said this is not the first time a police officer has become involved in smuggling drugs to prisoners in exchange for money.
 Russia longs for breather in fierce heatwave French MPs vote to ban Islamic full veil in public 2010 Hottest Year on Record so far according to NASA.  That's right.  The Earth has never been hotter than it is right now, at least since we've been keeping records. South Korea, which derives 40% of its electricity from nuclear power, wants to reprocess the waste into usable fuel. The US says no way. Politicians in Pakistan have been left redfaced after an investigation found dozens of MPs have fake university degrees.
The chief minister of Balochistan Province, Nawab Muhammad Aslam Raisani, told the press A degree is a degree, whether it is fake or genuine. 900yearold Song dynasty drains save Chinese city from deadly floods India considers a sterilization first policy as population spirals out of control Britain's actually almost 4 trillion in debt, about 4 x higher than previously acknowledged South Korea has deployed sentry robots capable of detecting and killing intruders along the heavilyfortified border with North Korea, officials said on Tuesday. BBC report on the UK's premier scientific bodies cease and desist letter to EXXON asking them to stop funding groups distorting their views on Global warming.    Chinese factories now compete to woo laborers Half a million Israelis live on stolen West Bank land. A report finds an estimated 300,000 living in 121 official settlements, plus 100,000 in smaller unofficial 'outposts'. The remainder in 12 neighbourhoods annexed to Jerusalem. Chile approves net neutrality (google translation from a spanish blog, sorry about that) Interesting BBC piece revealing Japan's bizarre high tech / low tech cultural juxtaposition Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri, who defected to the US, is now on his way back home to Tehran after a very messy and public redefection Four West Australian police officers are being investigated over allegations they misused Tasers on colleagues during an apparent initiation ritual. Threat to peace talks as Israelis demolish home  Israeli bulldozers razed six buildings in East Jerusalem, including three Palestinian homes, marking the end of Israeli efforts to refrain from contentious demolitions that could undermine peace talks. The Taliban is training monkey soldiers for Jihad. Makes sense you don't want to mess with a monkey with an AK47. Israeli Driver 'No black Ethiopians on my bus'  The driver added All of these kushim [a derogatory term for Africans] should be sent back to Ethiopia. You are a stupid nation, and you damage our land. French MPs vote to ban Islamic full veil in public Two more journalists shot and killed in Mexico Australian drunk survives attempt to ride crocodile Amy Goodman Haiti, Six Months After the Earthquake  TruthdigJuly 12 marked the six month anniversary of the devastating earthquake in Haiti that killed as many as 300,000 people and left much of the country in ruins.
 Classified documents reveal UK's role in abuse of its own citizens So we have an Act of Parliament which expressly grants to the Treasury power to disapply ... any rule of law  Lord Chief Justice criticises UK's authoritarian laws German policeman wins extra week of holiday for time spent getting dressed AntiSemitic Alliance  The Shared Extremism of NeoNazis and Migrant Youth in Germany Argentina Senate approves samesex marriage. First country in Latin America to grant samesex marriages all the rights of heterosexual unions How about some *real* world news? Sudan is preparing for referendums that could lead to southern Sudanese independence, and possibly a stop to the bloodshed Vatican offends both women and victims of pedophile priests, by saying pedophelia is pretty much at the level of sin of ordaining a woman priest.  A twofer! BP Admits It Lobbied British for Libyan Pan Am Flight 103 bomber Transfer, While seeking a billion dollar oil exploration deal with Libya You ever have one of those days where every single thing you read in the news just makes you feel hopeless for the future of the world? Hugo Chavez The pope, who despite what they say is no ambassador on earth for Christ. Christ is in the people  The Vatican today made the attempted ordination of women one of the gravest crimes under church law, putting it in the same category as clerical sex abuse of minors, heresy and schism. India has a new symbol for its currency following a public contest with 3,000 submissions U.S based terrorist who was involved in the 2008 Mumbai attacks in which 166 people were killed confesses that Pakistan's intelligence agency ISI orchestrated the attacks.  Israel approves initial reading of bill that will make it illegal for Israelis to openly support antioccupation boycott SHOCK! Billions of pounds 'wasted' trying to help Afghanistan  BILLIONS of pounds blown on trying to rid Afghanistan of opium and most of the military's cashforwork projects have been a complete waste of time and money, Afghanistan's finance minister said. Ukraine says No to NATO | Ukraines President Viktor Yanukovich has signed a decree that cancels the countrys previous plans to join the North Atlantic alliance. Argentina legalizes gay marriage in historic vote  Argentina early Thursday legalized samesex marriages to become the first country in an overwhelmingly Catholic region, Latin America, to grant samesex couples the same rights as heterosexual couples. Countries promised $5.3 billion to Haiti, so far only 2% of that has been handed over, by 4 countries Norway, Australia, Brazil and Estonia  CNN Healthcare crisis in North Korea forces Kim Jong Il to use his touching healing powers  Rwandan opposition party leader found beheaded Arab autocracy Thank you and goodbye  
For good or ill, change is coming to Egypt and Saudi Arabia soon  Iranian scientist Shahram Amiri returns home, says US kidnapped him and subjected him to the harshest mental and physical torture Guantanamo torture lawsuits against Britain get green light  A High Court judge has ruled that former Gitmo detainees can proceed with lawsuits accusing Britain of complicity in torture overseas. The UK govt had sought a suspension of the lawsuits to allow an independent inquiry to begin its work. A Kingdom Divided How 9/11 led a preeminent scholar to challenge the House of Saud's teachings on Islam Jewish terrorist arrested in Israel Outspoken Chinese blogs shut down Israelis convicted in shooting  An Israeli military court has convicted a former Israeli commander and one of his soldiers over the shooting of a bound and blindfolded Palestinian demonstrator. Denmark Debates a Lower Minimum Wage for Immigrants  A Danish politician has suggested paying immigrants half the current minimum wage. The idea has gone down well with centerright parties, but it's opposed by the left  and the far right. And now another reason to hate BP... Our biggest gadget makersincluding HP and Applemay get their raw ingredients from genocidal militias in Congo. A new movement has begun to trace rare metals to the conflict mines they come from, and it won its first major victory this week. Woman Arrested at G20 for Assaulting Cop with Bubbles Israel's foreign minister wants to hand Gaza responsibility to International Forces and to lift blockade entirely Turning it into a fully separate and independent entity THE SINGAPORE SOLUTION. How did a sleepy little island transform into a hightech powerhouse in one generation? It was all in the plan. Africa has more SerialKillers than U.S. and Europe  Given to ritual murders and a sedentary lifestyle, African serial killers are quite peculiar. Parents who fail to help an obese child eat and exercise could be guilty of neglect, experts say British PM David Cameron is opening up the Shetland Isles to deepsea drilling Time Magazine USIsraeli Attack On Iran Back On The Table  There really wasn't a military option a year ago, an Israeli military source told me. But they've gotten serious about the planning, and the option is real now. Israel has been brought into the planning process... Scores of Russians have died in the past few weeks 
because of drinking too much vodka during a 
recordsetting heatwave.  When I'm thirsty, the 
first thing I also want is vodka. Having multiple husbands has been practiced here for centuries, but in a single generation it has all but vanished. Chomsky Is the U.S. Gearing Up for the Destruction of Iran?  Iran sits at the top of US concerns about keeping control of Middle East oilproducing regions, preparing for serious violence if other means do not suffice. The Murder of Natalya Estemirova   Medvedev told  Angela Merkel that investigators have identified and are hunting for the killer of human rights activists Natalya Estemirova. Many, though, think he's wrong. For one, the primary suspect is dead. For another, no one believes he did it. How would you fight against traffic hooligans in Russia? Vatican declares ordination of women a grave crime same as sex abuse Osama bin Laden is alive, says son Omar Free Mexico honeymoon for first Argentine gay newlyweds  Mexico City has offered a free honeymoon to the first gay couple to marry in Argentina under a new law. Making Way for the Pipeline; A Treasure Trove in the Baltic Sea Uganda Wants Its 'Peacekeeping' Troops To Launch Military Offensive In Somalia  We are now going to go on the offensive and get these people, [Pres. Yoweri Museveni] said. AlShabab said the attacks had avenged the indiscriminate shelling of civilians by peacekeepers in Mogadishu.  Sunni Terrorist Group Strikes in Iran Killing 27 Death sentence for Israeli spy in Lebanon Red Sea the other oil spill  As BP caps Gulf Coast leak, Egypt wrestles with response to its own spill. On Goldman Sachs' $550m fine The giant vampire squid carries on vampiring British Government Says Release of Abdelbaset alMegrahi was a mistake Aussie War Chief Explains Rationale For Afghan War We have clearly defined goals... to deny sanctuary to terrorists, to help stabilise Afghanistan and to support our alliance with the United States, he said. U.S. Says Scientist Was a C.I.A. Informant While Still in Iran  Israeli PM Netanyahu 'the only way to deal with the Palestinians is to beat them up, not once but repeatedly, beat them up so it hurts so badly, until it's unbearable...America is a thing you can move very easily The Iranian Regime's Numbered Days  
The country's conservative and influential merchant class is on strike. This does not bode well for Ahmadinejad's government. Conservative MP refuses to hold meetings with Muslim women wearing full Islamic dress at his constituency surgery unless they lift their face veil The Polish Catholic church is losing its members in droves due to the recent spate of pedophile priestrelated  sex scandals and increasing secularism amongst Polish youth Once allies, Turkey may soon be severing its ties with Israel Germans Deaf to U.S. `Nonsense' as Exports Power Growth  Majority of Brits want burkas banned Charlie Brooker The news Tony Blair Directly Involved US Sought Rendition of British Nationals to Guantnamo. Car bomb in Mexican drug war changes ground rules Divers find oldest champagne in Baltic wreck Palestine's dying keffiyah industry  an iconic symbol dies as it becomes a global fashion accessory Persian Isolation  A Quiet Axis Forms Against Iran in the Middle East Roma oppression in Kosovo. After the destruction of their homes and forced expulsion from South Mitrovica in Kosovo in 1999, the Roma people were displaced to temporary UN camps at the foot of mountains of toxic lead waste. Ten years later, families are still there suffering... The Saudi succession When kings and princes grow old  Australian PM calls for elections on Aug' 21 More than a thousand civilians have been killed in the war in Afghanistan this year alone, an Afghan rights group has reported. Skeleton of Simon Bolivar exhumed in Venezuela Israeli settlements have been dumping untreated waste directly into a sewage canal running through occupied West Bank, affecting Palestinian villages. Israelhas banned plans by the Palestinian Authority to  build pipes & pumps to treat and divert wastewater away from the affected villages. Hundreds killed in Darfur fighting  North Korean Propaganda Posters A new armed group is threatening to launch a violent campaign for the reunification of Somalia. India unveils new rupee symbol Three British soldiers killed in Afghanistan  The deaths follow a particularly difficult few weeks for Nato forces in the country. CNN fires journalist for expressing regret at the death 
of Lebanese cleric On Monday, The Washington Post (c/o Wikileaks) is going to publish an interactive website exposing Top Secret Federal government contractor details EU Authorities announces that implementation of Net Surveillance Directive is unlawful Directive compels all ISPs and telecos in Europe to retain telecom and internet traffic data of their customers My project has saved BP 
so far no recognition   Les Goldstein, the plumber who invented the cap. (translated article) In October Scotlands new Sexual Offences Act will come into force It will be illegal to communicate with someone sexually  either in writing or in speech  without obtaining their consent... Britain will not introduce law banning women from wearing the burka  such a move would be rather unBritish Details of techniques used to inflict pain deliberately on children in privately run jails have been revealed for the first time. How Iron Maiden Can Save The World  [Iron Maiden] and the fans, we're like one big family, said Bruce Dickinson, echoing the words of amazement an Egyptian friend of mine uttered when we first saw the scene in Dubai. Finally, a real community, he said with an almost palpable feeling of joy. Uzbek women accuse state of mass sterilizations Why States Should Never Enforce Religious Law Israeli police arrested woman for reading the Torah at the Western wall, which orthodox Jews say is forbidden by the Bible Hamas are banning women from smoking water pipes in cafes, claiming it violates tradition and leads to divorce. Defying Church, Argentina Legalizes Gay Marriage President Cristina Fernndez staked her political reputation on passing the law, deepening her often bitter feud with the country's Catholic hierarchy Wanted by the CIA The man who keeps no secrets (Julian Assange tells Matthew Bell why governments fear Wikileaks) Chinese oil pipeline explodes Banning of Burka not only in France but also in... Syria   Syrian higher education minister prohibits face veils, saying they negate academic values Literal Blowback Weapons Sent To Central American Fascists During The Cold War Are Now Being Used By Drug Cartels Against Local Governments And American DEA Agents Child prison secret restraint tactics 'revealed' Unicef report Rise in African children accused of witchcraft. Some as young as eight have been been burned, beaten and even killed as punishment South Korea counts the cost of being the most wired nation on earth  Listening to Global Voices  Ethan Zuckerman TED talk, about the global flow of news and information. The mother of a German soldier killed while on duty in Afghanistan is trying to sue the government over his death, accusing the army of having sent his unit into danger without sufficient equipment or backup. Iran Says Pakistan Is Harboring Rebels Hurricane drowns Mexico's economy  Destruction could be costliest in country's history Baghdad suicide bomber kills at least 43 people and injured 40 more....Meanwhile, there are fears that the political uncertainty could hinder the planned withdrawal of all US combat troops from Iraq . Why Venezuela's Chavez Dug Up Bolivar's Bones? Pakistan Losing lives to form trade unions Wanted by the CIA Wikileaks founder Julian Assange In Japan, thousands of young men are retreating to their bedrooms and refusing to come out. Why? If the Vatican is trying to restore the impression that its moral sense is intact, issuing a document that equates pedophilia with the ordination of women doesnt really do that. Israeli bloggers hold online campaign to convince authorities to connect palestinian village to water supply Dutch Politician Forms AntiIslam Coalition.Controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders has said he is forming an international freedom alliance to amplify his antiMuslim message across the West.The aim of the alliance is to end immigration of people from Muslim nations During the worst of the global financial meltdown, Berlin pumped tens of billions of euros into the economy and spent hundreds of billions propping up German banks. Now, the country is reaping the benefits as Germany is once again Europe's economic motor. Syria bans face veils at universities In Japan but surrounded by U.S. influence, Okinawa struggles with split identity  Americans, imagine for a second what it would be like to have a Japanese military base in your city. Drug gang kills 17 partygoers in Mexico kill them all China is now the world's biggest energy consumer, knocking the U.S. off a perch it held for more than a century Iran urges US to drop 'cowboy logic' over nuclear issue  We are for negotiations, but to do so you have to sit down like a good boy, Mr Ahmadinejad said, referring to the US in a speech broadcast live on state television. The President of Ireland signed a Civil Partnership Bill for gay couples this morning. The new law provides gay couples with most of the same rights and responsibilities as marriage  tax, social welfare, inheritance. While the prime minister is dispensing promises about easing restrictions in the territories, Israel is expelling hundreds of shepherds from the Jordan Valley  Syria bans full Islamic face veils at universities Wideeyed primate caught on camera for first time Germany opens motorway for a party  The first Palestinian solarpowered car  built from scratch by students with scant resources Iran calls for 'more fair' world body than UN   Bill Clinton and Bill Gates urge more efficient use of funds to fight Aids in the world Too much money is spent on reports that sit on shelves. I was president for eight years and I had no idea it was as bad as it was. We can fix this Swiss bank to lift lid on hidden Franz Kafka works Wikileaks Reopens for Leakers | Threat Level | 
Wired.com Last Year's Deadly Mudslide;  Did an Underground Nazi Factory Cause Disaster? Syria bans face veils at universities Tobacco giant Philip Morris found to be purchasing tobacco from landowners using child labor in horrible conditions in Kazakhstan (Video) A company in Dubai has agreed to buy 30,000 bottles of melted glacial water from Greenland for $52, 40 pr. specially produced glass bottle with a glass top. Everyone knows designer sunglasses are a ripoff. But did you know they're all made by the same company? Spiderinfested ship turned back from Guam  BP is trying to hire top Gulf scientists.  The fine print?  The scientists would be prevented from testifying about what they find for 3 years.  It is not about them testifying for BP, it is about preventing them from testifying against BP. Newspaper publishes investigation about clothing retailers and child labour. Article disappears. North Korea executes an exCabinet official who was in charge of talks with South Korea Scandinavia Bubbling With Happiness ) One theory why is that they have their basic needs taken care of to a higher degree than other countries.  Jim Harter, Gallup The Swedish Pirate Party Launches The World's First Pirate ISP 'One of Britain's most senior lawyers has delivered a dramatic boost to the campaign to change the law on drugs' Geneticists say Chinese and Tibetans were once one. Neither group likes the idea. One man's quest for peace, one school at a time, has become required reading for the US military. AlQaida and the Taliban are looking at [Afghanistan]  over generations, ... and we're looking at it in terms of annual fiscal cycles and presidential elections. Sicilians commemorate murdered judge Paolo Borsellino  At least one Italian secret service agent reportedly knew in advance about the carefully planned murder Fmr MI5 Director Understands 'Blowback', Says Iraq War 'Triggered UK Bomb Plots'  Britain's support for the war in Iraq was connected to a series of deadly bombings in London and sparked a rise in domestic attack plots that swamped security services, a former intelligence chief has said. Accusations of child witchcraft on the rise in Africa North Korean official in charge of Seoul diplomacy executed Pakistans Elite Pay Few Taxes, Widening Gap Israeli AntiRocket System Is Ready Analysts believe the system has a farreaching impact on the big picture of arms control and global stability US Taxpayers subsidizes the corrupt rich and powerful in Pakistan who refuse to pay their taxes Palestinians  living in East Jerusalem are now being forcefully evicted from the homes they were born and raised in because Israel says they are 'disloyal' to the Israeli state. Israel isn't even trying to make up excuses anymore. South Korea is to seize property and assets from descendants of people they have identified as Japanese collaborators up to 100 years ago.  Floodwaters just 20m below maximum capacity on China's Three Gorge's Dam; waterflow strongest ever First female Lutheran bishop resigns over mishandling of sex abuse case  looks like it's not just men! Afghanistan president calls for Nato troop withdrawal by 2014 Our Afghan national security forces will be responsible for all military and law enforcement operations Black parents give birth to white baby. Is this common? The Israeli economy is one of the most 
concentrated in the Western world. Ten business 
groups control 160 public companies, Bank of 
Israel researcher Constantine Kosenco told IDF 
Radio  Record heat in Moscow leads denizens to take illadvised dips in the river.  This leads to 77 people drowning...most of whom were drunk. A Palestinian man has been convicted of rape after having consensual sex with an Israeli woman who believed he was Jewish because he introduced himself as Daniel. Castro daughter No one is punished for free speech in Cuba. If free and inconvenient thoughts were a crime in our country, I would have been a good candidate for prison, with my advocacy for sexual selfdetermination. Those people are in prison because they are mercenaries paid by Washington Germany sets up suicide bomber hotline for Islamic radicals who want help to quit extremism A degree is a degree, whether it's fake or real  Pakistani Politician.  Israel to buy 19 advanced F35 warplanes in a $3 billion deal from US, that would give it a significant military advantage Google pledges to obey China censorship laws and stop automatically switching mainland users to its unfiltered Hong Kong site In Israel, a convicted Jewish terrorist gets IDF guard for his vineyard in the occupied West Bank Former MI5 chief demolishes Blair's defence of the Iraq war Hundreds of dead penguins wash ashore in Brazil.  Scientists say flightless birds likely starved to death but unsure why China oil spill after pipe blast 'worse than thought' China police 'mistakenly beat boss's wife' Palestinian man to appeal rapebydeception conviction.  Lawyer says, There was a short foreplay a few minutes before; during the foreplay, the guy tells a few lies, the lady tells a few lies. They both have one goal, and that is to go to bed together.  We warned Iraq invasion would raise terror attack risk, says exMI5 chief  THE invasion of Iraq triggered a massive upsurge in terrorist activity against the UK, the former head of MI5 said yesterday. China rushes to keep oil from international waters Images of the July 17 oil spill in Dalian China Toxic Spill at Chinese Copper Mine Kills Nearly 1,900 Tons of Fish Growing Old Alone Cleanup after unnoticed death now a growing industry Israel We will restrict use of white phosphorus munitions and seek to limit civilian casualties in future wars by deploying with troops a humanitarian affairs officer British PM David Cameron flew on a regularly scheduled commercial British Airways jet to DC in order to save money Israeli UN Ambassador Israel is the most isolated, lonely country in the world, and the biggest threat to its existence is not Iranian nuclear proliferation 24Yr Old Canadian Soldier Killed In Afghanistan  
Sapper Brian Collier was killed by a bomb in Afghanistan Tuesday. Collier was killed while on a foot patrol in the village of Nakhonay, in the eastern part of Panjwaii District. Israel plans to have antimissile system operational in 4 months The Pentagon Announced That Inmates At Guantanamo Are Being Shipped To Africa US announces new sanctions against North Korea Participants in a regular UK YouGov survey were recently confronted with an odd request to download software that would track users' surfing habits The police officer filmed pushing a man to the ground during the 2009 G20 protests will not face charges over his death. The IMF has forgiven Haiti's $268 million dollar debt to the fund Ian Tomlinson collapsed and died after a police officer struck or pushed him. Today it was announced there would be no prosecution into the death.  Botswana Bushmen denied access to water. The Botswana government capped a well to drive natives out of their homeland. Archaeologists have discovered a second henge at Stonehenge, described as the most exciting find there in 50 years Hugo Chavez puts army on alert and breaks absolutely all relations with Colombia, who presented photos and maps it said showed 1,500 FARC terrorists hiding in Venezuela. Israeli troops kill Palestinian near settlement in West Bank Kosovo's independence is legal, UN court rules  
Decision in favour of Kosovo's independence could have farreaching implications for other separatist movements
 Nigeria has been facing massive, weekly oil spills for decades. A fifth of UK girls pregnant by 18, survey reveals German MP calls for 'fat tax' to cover healthcare costs
 Chinese police beat the wrong person  bringing to light routine beatings of citizens with grievances. Nelson Mandela's daughter caught in shootout International Court of Justice in The Hague rules that Kosovo's 2008 declaration of independence from Serbia is legal Lebanon plans to file a complaint about Israeli espionage at the United Nations, according to the country's information minister, AlJazeera reported Thursday. Ottawa orders affirmativeaction overhaul  The Conservatives say race and ethnicity shouldn't enter into the hiring process for federal jobs and have ordered a review of affirmative action policies. China struggles to contain disasters  Berlin and Paris aim to block voting rights for EU deficit offenders Gunmen murder Greek investigative journalist and major contributor to the most popular Greek newsblog Only in Israel Torahonly education, Rabbis want to keep public ignorant; in 20 years job market will be nonexistent Afraid for their jobs, Venezuelan workers protect factory from being stormed State Dept Plans to Take Over Iraq Operations With Its Own Army    US State Department is hastily assembling its own army of contractors to continue the war past the end of the Status of Forces Agreement deadline. Swedish women vote to keep their tops on  Swedes, long famous round the world for their relaxed attitude to nudity, are now some of Europes biggest prudes, according to a new survey.
 Kosovo independence legal, says UN court. What will Russia do? Former MI5 chief delivers damning verdict on Iraq invasion I am a Chinese web user. Today is a very happy day for me. The Vietnam war ended 35 years ago, but children are still being born with birth defects from chemical poisoning from Agent Orange, contaminated with deadly dioxin, sprayed by the US forces Australian government 'releases' Internet snooping proposal with 90% of the document blacked out so as not to cause premature and unnecessary debate. UK acts to prevent arrest of Pope Gov't worried over plans by Dawkins and Hitchens to have Pope arrested for crimes against humanity, because of his alleged coverup  of priestly assaults on children Chronicling the Holocaust from Inside the Ghetto  Roughly 50 men and women in the Warsaw Ghetto chose a special form of resistance. In a secret archive, they documented their path to doom for future generations, chronicling the Nazis' crimes as they were being perpetrated. Catholic sex scandal as undercover reporter 'films priests at gay clubs and having casual flings' A magnitude 7.3 quake has hit the Moro Gulf in the Philippines. Doubts surface on North Korea's role in ship sinking A top court in Germany has ruled that the country's domestic intelligence agency may monitor the farleft Left Party. Commentators on Thursday argue that the party may have many failings, but a desire to overthrow democracy isn't one of them. War On Drugs Helps Spread AIDS (and no one in power cares) Jordan River Too Polluted for Baptisms The site of Jesusaptism is dangerously contaminated, urges tourists to stay out of the river's waters Hugo Chavez severs ties with Colombia 7.3magnitude earthquake strikes off Philippines France to sell two Mistralclass warships to Russia Israel to release Turkey ships seized during Gaza flotilla raid UK Health inequality as severe as during the great depression Chinas Dangerous Arrogance | An increasingly assertive China is creating its own Monroe Doctrine for Asias seasand threatening longstanding freedoms. Remember that controversial agreement so the US could use seven Colombian military bases? The Colombian Constitutional Court might declare it unconstitutional next month. Porn suddenly available in China India unveils $35 computer for students Parody of the JayZ Alicia Keys song, New York, based around the very unromantic Welsh town of Newport, becomes internet sensation. Includes video BBC News  Trafigura found guilty of exporting toxic waste Turkey Political reform falters as violence spreads at a rapid pace Australian government blocks out 90% of document on webspying plans When Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state, visited Vietnam on Thursday she extolled the country's unlimited potential and strong trade relations with the US. But the words must have rung hollow for Ngyuen Ngoc Phuong, who has seen his potential destroyed by American chemical poisoning.  The 10 happiest countries on Earth Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, Costa Rica, New Zealand, Canada, Israel, and Australia Chinese deal with their own largest oil spill; Are not afraid of showing black oil filled beaches. Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu may have declared a freeze on new settlements, but construction is continuing in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Settlers are receiving contributions from American foundations that enjoy tax breaks, including groups that see Biblical prophecies being fulfilled. North Korea Warns of Nuclear Response to Naval Exercises Iran aims to send man into space by 2019 North Korea has warned that it is prepared to use its nuclear weapons as part of a sacred war against the United States and South Korea. BBC NEWS Church denounces gay priests after magazine reveals secretly recorded sexual encounters. Iran has signed a $1.3bn pipeline deal to ship gas to Turkey, the Iranian oil minister has said. A landmark 20year study of Faroese children has found that high levels of methyl mercury and other contaminants in the whale meat are harmful to a childs neurological development DId you know that the US spends more on the military than the rest of the world COMBINED? N. Korea declares sacred war against U.S, South Korea Reddit, the gruesome Faroe Island whale massacre happened one more time 4 days ago. Let's make this known, perhaps the 2011 edition can be called off. Britain Plans to Decentralize National Health Care  NYTimes.com North Korea says it will use its nuclear deterrent in response to joint USSouth Korean military exercises this weekend. Oh my Recordhigh water levels at China's massive Three Gorges Dam have called into question Beijing's claims that the world's largest hydroelectric project has capacity to withstand a massive flood. Mass grave in northern Mexico contains 38 bodies Reports emerge the UK used depleted uranium weapons in Iraq Time to stop being junior to Uncle Sam  America's power should not be confused with its being right. It is rare that we can learn much from our European partners, but they shook off the compulsion to be obsequious to America long ago. So should we.  Doubts surface on North Korea's role in ship sinking. Details of flourishing gay 'scene' in the Vatican exposed. Pope's vicariate of Rome condemns double life of priests. Coherence calls for them to come clean. Ten people die after mass panic at love parade Only 0.3% of files on BitTorrent confirmed to be legal Priest Enrages Parishioners By Serving Communion To Dog In light of the Israeli/Palestinian sex debacle, here is John Safran making Israeli / Palestinian babies [humor] Germany Weighs Tax on the Obese Female circumcision will be inflicted on up to 2,000 British schoolgirls during the summer holidays  leaving brutal physical and emotional scars. Yet there have been no prosecutions against the practice At least 15 people trampled to death at Loveparade in Duisburg, Germany An Arab Israeli convicted of 'rape by deception' of a Jewish woman, gives his side of the story in an exclusive interview Putin sings patriotic songs with expelled Russian spies and says those who betrayed them will end up in gutter Yet again Formula 1 cheats fans and proves it is not a genuine competition, as race leader Massa is forced to give way to Ferrari team mate, Alonso. Sadly, F1 is little more than a series of formation laps pretending to be a race When womens rights activist Wajiha AlHuwaidar flew out of Saudi Arabia last week for a holiday in Italy with her family, she was hoping for a brief respite from what she describes as the gender apartheid kingdom.

She wasnt so lucky. 10 killed and 15 injured in mass panic at Germany's Love Parade Wikileaks obtained and multiple sources are now reporting on a huge cache of documents related to the US war in Afghanistan.  At least 1,100 people dead or missing in Chinese floods A hedge fund manager named Anthony Ward has all but cornered the market in cocoa. By one estimate, he has bought enough to make more than five billion chocolate bars. Ecuador president, Rafael Correa, imposes oil nationalization law Britain Plans to Decentralize National Health Care Chavez US and Colombia plan to attack Venezuela A global network of lobby groups has spent nearly $100 million to push use of deadly asbestos, a known carcinogen, in developing nations  UK Diplomat claims his Iraq Inquiry evidence was blocked Australian Senate censors print link to cartoon something snapped after the Gaza assault, in which about 1,400 Palestinians were killed. It released Israel from the last of its humanitarian constraints, she says. Now everything is possible. Great Britain appoints man who works to create an Islamic state under sharia law in Europe as the Muslim community's liaison to police Blood on the Tracks  The dangerous journey to El Norte. WikiLeaks strikes again! Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation of Afghanistan.  The omb magnet' soldier blown up 15 times in Afghanistan China's huge Three Gorges dam threatens to overflow  Taliban captures two U.S. soldiers China Uighur blogger sentenced to 15 year imprisonment for endangering national security You've heard what has happened in Fallujah. Perhaps the world is now ready to hear the full horrifying truth.  Wikileaks+Guardian.co.uk Afghanistan The war logs. Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation. Includes interview with Wikileaks' Julian Assange. Prisoners in a northern Mexico  jail were allowed out at night to carry out murderforhire jobs using jail guards weapons and vehicles, revealing a level of corruption that is stunning even in a country where prison breakouts are common as guards look the other way. Wikileaks Pakistan state spy services meet directly with the Taliban to organize networks of militant groups against American soldiers in Afghanistan and assassinate Afghan leaders, all to ensure their US war on terror funding. No one who's been paying attention should be surprised by the WikiLeaks documents about the war in Afghanistan. By Fred Kaplan  Wyclef Jean is going to run for President of Haiti United Students Against Sweatshops forces Nike to pay $1.54 million to help 1,800 workers in Honduras  who lost their jobs when two subcontractors closed their factories Wikileaks Afghanistan files every IED attack and roadside bomb, with coordinates Oliver Stone Jewish control of the media is preventing free Holocaust debate Wikileaks founder Julian Assange live news conference. Now. Former KGB Agent Weapons Expert David Kelly Did Not Commit Suicide Afghanistan war logs How US marines sanitised record of bloodbath after killing 19 civilians. Whatever happens, Israel can always count on U.S. evangelicals  Thousands of Christian activists descended on Washington this week in a show of strength by America's proIsrael Christians. WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange on the Afghanistan war logs I Enjoy Crushing Bastards Pakistans military spy service has guided the Afghan insurgency with a hidden hand, even as Pakistan receives more than $1 billion a year from Washington for its help combating militants As many as 200 women are tortured and lynched every year in India after being accused of practising witchcraft. These leaked documents against me are fiction and nothing else said Pakistan Intelligence officer VIDEO He may by now be one of the most well known whistleblowers of all time. He publicly makes enemies of those who probably have no compunctions about ordering his assassination. Julian Assange, about how WikiLeaks operates, what it has accomplished, and about what drives him. In Disclosing Secret Documents, WikiLeaks Seeks Transparency It operates from servers in several countries, including Sweden and Belgium, where laws provided more protection for its disclosures WikiLeaks founder says the release of U.S. military documents is like opening the files of East Germany's secret Stasi police and that appears to be evidence of war crimes Brazilian tribes took 100 workers hostage at construction site of hydroelectric plant in southern Amazon which they say was built on ancient burial site Chile Reject Catholic Church's call to pardon dozens of imprisoned military officials convicted of human rights violations Palestinian doctor still has hope even after IDF killed 3 of his daughters and a niece when they fired a shell into their bedroom. Strange bedfellows? Mossad chief reportedly visited Saudi Arabia for talks on Iran. Guards and officials at a prison in northern Mexico let inmates out, lent them guns and sent them off in official vehicles to carry out drugrelated killings, including the massacre of 17  USSouth Korea military exercises begin All eyes are on Pyongyang as the US leads maneuvers in the Sea of Japan. There's a wide discrepancy, and we need to know. Canadian military The loss of four Canadian soldiers in September 2006 was the result of insurgent activity. Newly released WikiLeaks document The Canadian soldiers weren't killed by the Taliban but rather by friendly fire from U.S. forces. British Prime Minister David Cameron calls Gaza a prison camp, a blunt description from a major Western leader about the besieged Palestinian territory. How ISI paid Taliban to hit Indians  Wikileaks Church children beaten and branded for witchcraft by preachers in the UK Cameron Gaza cannot and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp. WikiLeaks fallout The Taliban and the ISI  Pakistani intelligence fooled only those who didn't pay attention. UK soldier Jail better than Afghan war  A former British soldier who was previously jailed for refusing to fight in Afghanistan has told an antiwar rally that every second he spent behind bars was worth his decision. Nobel Peace Prizes 'are being awarded illegally'. Norwegian author claims the committee behind the coveted award routinely violates the terms of Alfred Nobel's will. The daily newspaper Hankyoreh reported yesterday that Russia has concluded the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan was a sea mine accident, not a torpedo attack by North Korea. Pakistan Taliban India is our domain, and we will attack to take possession of it...whether they are Hindus or Jews, they all are the same Bin Laden among latest Wikileaks Afghan revelations  New details, including reports on Osama Bin Laden dating from 2006, have emerged from 90,000 US military files leaked to the Wikileaks website. Cameron backs Turkey's bid to join EU  I believe it is just wrong to say that Turkey can guard the camp but not be allowed to sit in the tent.  A clear majority of Danes support the idea of injection cabins for addicts. Wiki points to Australian coverup  CLASSIFIED US Defence Department documents leaked to the WikiLeaks website this week suggest the Australian Defence Force covered up the killing of an Afghan policeman by Australian troops. It's No Secret Afghanistan Is a Quagmire  The most shocking thing about the War Diary may be that it fails to shock. The documents illustrate how futileand tragically wastefulit is to send more young men and women to fight and die in Afghanistan. Mock Trial; How America is helping to whitewash the Cambodian genocide. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is 'a hacker fighting for the freedom of information' Israel demolishes Bedouin village Four reasons to believe in Brazil, according to The Economist India kills 200 witches a year WikiLeaks Has 3 Times More Documents on Iraq Than It Just Released on Afghanistan New Oil Spill In Battle Creek Michigan This Time By Canadian Company Toxic legacy of US assault on Fallujah 'worse than Hiroshima'
 Wikileaks 'sourceradass87  the former army analyst facing 52 years in prison Black Sea challenge by U.S. set to keep Russia on edge Catalonia bans bullfighting in landmark Spain vote US cannot account for $8.7B in Iraqi funds Israel demolishes Bedouin village leaving 300 Bedouins homeless | Al Jazeera English New York Times caught whitewashing the wikileaks story. Apathetic Canadians have allowed their government to trample freedoms  but opposition is mounting. Remotecontrolled drones are supposed to be the miracle weapon of the Afghanistan conflict, taking out Taliban fighters with precision missiles and protecting Western forces. But the WikiLeaks war logs files show that system failures, computer glitches and human errors are plaguing drone missions. BBC News  Lawyer defending woman sentenced to death in Iranian adultery case goes missing after being called to prison for questioning Catalonia bans 'outdated and cruel' sport of bullfighting. A boy, aged five, who was wrongly accused by a supermarket of stealing a bag of crisps has won 7,500 in damages for defamation of character France to dismantle illegal Gypsy camps, deport Roma to Romania and Bulgaria Guy buys photos at a garage sale for $45. Turns out they're worth $200m UK's NHS plans to shame obese people into fitness by calling them fat. Infographic Where Did the Money to Rebuild Iraq Go?  Israeli High Court of Justice scratches its head at violent, sexist segregation on buses, forced and implemented by religious nuts Plane crashes in Pakistan capital on flight from Turkey Oil Tanker Ship Hit in Apparent Attack Near Strait of Hormuz China's Three Gorges dam close to maximum capacity as heavy rains persist Chinese officials for years have boasted the dam could withstand floods so severe they come only once every 10,000 years! 'Scores die' in Afghan village raid A Nato rocket attack on a village in Afghanistan last week killed 52 civilians, including women and children [...] ISI paid blood money to attack Indians  Wikileaks Israel is gradually relinquishing the rule of law and becoming a tribe The killing of an Arab is immediately associated with the Middle Eastern reality. A demand for restraint becomes living in a bubble. [...] Iran stoning case woman fainted on hearing sentence, says cellmate Israel's sex trade booming | Human trafficking in Israel rakes in more than USD billion a year, findings in annual parliamentary survey show. Was Saddam Hussein a danger to the world? No, says Hans Blix (Chilcot Inquiry) Most Israelis have been brainwashed to the point where they are beyond reason and prefer to live with the fear of annihilation (fear planted and nourished in them by Zionist propaganda) rather than the comfort of peace and security. Pakistan plane crashes in Islamabad  CENTRAL/S. ASIA  Al Jazeera English UN declares clean water a 'fundamental human right' Leaked documents from the Afghanistan war appear to confirm that Australian forces are backing a local war lord who has been extorting money from NATO convoys carrying supplies to Coalition forces. AntiUS Protestors Arrested At Base In Sweden  The USA is the world's biggest and most aggressive fighting country in the world... When Sweden allows the US Air Force to come here and train, we make ourselves accessories to the USA's war crimes, activist Maja Backlund said. Is Israel a liability for the US? Life Inside A Colombian Prison...w/ pictures The publication of the war logs by WikiLeaks has sparked a new debate about Germany's involvement in the conflict. The Social Democrats are threatening to withhold support for an extension of the mission's mandate if the government does not provide answers about alleged wrongdoings. Man shows up in court to face G20 fivemetre charges, discovers they dont exist Toronto Police Chief said, the fivemetre zone around the fence is for the protection of the security barrier. When the summit ended, Chief Blair said there never was a fivemetre law! Russia's FSB can now officially warn citizens about to commit a crime by detaining them for up to 15 days. Morocco's Marijuana economy goes up in smoke as authorities clamp down on a culture that was previously acceptable About Wikileaks  There is no doubt that Obama himself, his top aides in the White House and Pentagon and the leading circles in the media were well aware of these atrocities. That makes all the more criminal the presidents decision to escalate the war in Afghanistan British Prime Minister David Cameron We cannot allow Pakistan to look both ways and promote the export of terror to India Business reporter in China is wanted by the police after he exposed insider trading in a listed firm. Wikileaks recent release of military documents included a list of afghan informants, hundreds of names, their location, and their father's names.   Lindsey Graham Is Considering Bill That Would End Birthright Citizenship An 80yearold Roman Catholic priest was found stabbed to death in his church in the city of Oaxaca, in southern Mexico Why The Shaming Of The North Korean Soccer Team Is Actually A Really Big Story Couple in custody after 8 dead babies found in plastic bags Russia boosts secret service powers Kim Jongil on the way out? He has started transferring his personal wealth to his youngest son and anointed successor. Made in China  but for how long? the looming decline of low end manufacturing in China from the Chinese perspective Ireland prepares for a fire sale of national assets to pay debts. Afghan Women Fear Their Fate Amid Taliban Negotiations Rains trigger landslide in China (amazing pic) Chinese get oiled to clean oil spill Israel cracks down on dissent North Korea World Cup team shamed in sixhour grilling in front of 400 government officials, students and journalists. Coach punished for betraying Kim Jongun. But they got off lightly apparently... Israeli settlers throw out a Palestinian family from their home of 70 years Leader of Mexico's Sinaloa drug cartel killed Fueled by the minerals that are used in phones and computers, war and rebellion have ravaged the Congo for 12 years. The UK government is now being sued for failing to hold accountable the firms who purchase these 'conflict minerals.'    U.N. rights body tells Israel to end Gaza blockade Exclusive Google, CIA Invest in Future of Web Monitoring Brazil faces uphill struggling curtailing lucrative trade in underage sex  July is deadliest month of Afghan war for US  Boston.com The world is insanely unprepared for germ warfare Russia Exported $50 Million In Diamonds To Guinea Late Last Year, But No One Can Explain Who Bought Them Or Why Beijing Wary Of Rising Tide Of Veterans' Discontent Iraq's Garden of Eden  Saddam Hussein drained the unique wetlands of southern Iraq as a punishment to the region's Marsh Arabs who had backed an uprising. Two decades later, one courageous US Iraqi is leading efforts to restore the marshes. Not even exploding bombs can deter him from his dream. The video showed the five staff being made to kneel and forced to eat food which had apparently been urinated on by one of the students.

 Military kills Mexican drug lord Ignacio Coronel President Sarkozy looks into stripping French citizenship from anyone of foreign origin who threatened the life of a police officer! After the leaking of 92,000 classified documents, the Taliban has now confirmed it is poring through them, and intends to hunt down and punish any suspected spies named. Gaza children set new kite flying world record 7,202 children fly as many kites to enter Guinness Book of World Records as part of UNrun summer camp Chernobyl zone shows decline in biodiversity India No Country For Old People? Ethnic cleansing in the Israeli Negev. The razing of a Bedouin village by Israeli police shows how far the state will go to achieve its aim of Judaising the Negev region. Dutch troops to leave Afghanistan soon Ashtiani, a 43yearold mother of two, said that she thinks of nothing other than hugging her children  which she described as her only hope  and that she was mentally broken when authorities flogged her 99 times in front of her then 17yearold son, Sajad Having found Duch guilty of the worst cruelty and thousands of the most gruesome murders ever recorded, they handed down a sentence that is roughly what midlevel drug dealers have received in courts in Thailand. In ironic twist, Iran detained US hikers critical of Israel and America. Afghanistan's Other War Army vs. Police 
25,000 Deaths In Mexico  
Attack on USfunded drug war in Mexico. It kills thousands of civilians, enriches corrupt Mexican army and officialdomand yet has no visible impact on drug trade. Who is fooling who?
 WikiLeaks Posts Mysterious Insurance File Robert Fisk Israel has crept into the EU without anyone noticing WikiLeaks suspect held in solitary confinement New international ban on cluster munitions will take effect on Saturday and over 100 have signed it since 2008. Holdouts include Russia, Israel and the US Al Jazeera's Jacky Rowland reports from East Jerusalem on how a small group of Israeli and international activists are helping rebuild Palestinian homes that have been repeatingly demolished. Spanish judge reissued international arrest warrants for 3 US soldiers over the death of a Spanish TV cameraman in Iraq 7 yrs ago by American tank fire 1 million affected, 800 dead, as flood crisis worsens in Pakistan China to invest $40 billion in Iranian oil and gas Vatican police crackdown on scantilyclad tourists with uncovered knees or shoulders sparks hypocrisy claims Forest fires raging in western Russia Iranian woman facing stoning 'I'm afraid of dying' ACTA Will CorporateRun US Government Destroy the Internet? | bytestyle.tv THREATENING YOUR PRIVACY ON THE INTERNET (VIDEO)  The master plan for Jerusalem follows the Israeli Government and Jerusalem Municipality policy of demographic and ethnic control, aimed at preserving demographics in the city at 70% Jewish to 30% Arab. This policy is clearly stated on the Jerusalem Municipality's website. Shocking scenes as French police use force to remove woman and small children from a makeshift tent housing camp in a French suburb Cameron Won't Return Kohinoor Diamond To India The Hamas operative killed in the IDF strike in Gaza Friday was a senior official who survived five assassination attempts by Israel, an announcement by Hamas' military wing the Izz alDin alQassam Brigades stated on Saturday Army Broadens Inquiry Into WikiLeaks Disclosure Outsourcing Motherhood.  Are you a Mexican druglord? Try Wachovia. Blockade helps Hamas recruit, says ambassador  Castro accuses US of abusing spies Meet the new Russia, same as the old Russia Russia gets 1984like Sovietera 'thought crime' law  For 26 years, Gregoria Aguilar has been mourning the loss of her son, soninlaw and nephew, who were killed in the biggest massacre committed by the Maoist Shining Path guerrillas in Peru's highlands Italy Somehow the new version of Media and Wiretapping Bill (gag rule) still includes a small clause aimed at directly restricting online free speech, the socalled blogkilling provision Wikileaks has posted a massive 1.4 GB heavily encrypted file on it's dedicated Afghan War Diary page labeled simply Insurance. Possibly in response to the harsh rhetoric issuing from the US DoD regarding Julian Assange, the new file was quietly uploaded with no explanation. A home visit by Tokyo officials to a local resident to congratulate him on his 111th birthday instead led to a police search that uncovered his threedecadeold skeleton Brazil offers asylum to Iranian woman facing stoning Brazil's super cool president offers asylum to imprisoned Iranian woman who has been sentenced to death by stoning More than 70 countries make being gay a crime The Afghan Taliban say they have one thing in common with the Americans theyre both getting played by Pakistan. The Netherlands pulled its troops out of Afghanistan on Sunday, after serving there with distinction for four years. The withdrawal is seen as a blow for the NATOled coalition, who had wanted the Dutch to stay on. As Germany's wild boar population has skyrocketed in recent years, so too has the number of animals contaminated by radioactivity left over from the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown. Government payments compensating hunters for lost income due to radioactive boar have quadrupled since 2007. Wikileaks volunteer detained BBC News  Cheetahs will run again in India This analysis of rightwing politics and its impact on science shows how a handful of individuals have managed to obscure the truth on issues that range from the dangers of smoking to global warming Pakistan withdraws from terror talks in Cameron protest
 Mass, Militant Actions in Bangladesh Result in Near Doubling of Minimum Wage. Syrian President Bashar Assad warns the chances of war are increasing Sweden's dark side Retired police chief Lindberg  jailed for rape and assault. At the time of his apprehension he was allegedly on his way to meet a 14yrold girl in a hotel encounter. It was said that in his car was a bag containing leather whips, handcuffs and a blindfold! Millions spent on doctor 'gagging ordersy NHS, 
investigation finds. Zahra Soltani was misidentified by media as Iranian protest shooting victim Neda.  Coerced by the Iranian authorities into claiming the shooting was faked, she's now a refugee in Germany. Record rains, but Pakistan is dying for water. Lack of clean drinking water leaves 600 children dead from disease every day UN rights body tells Israel to end Gaza blockade Israel maintains that the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights does not apply to the occupied West Bank and Gaza, although it says that the treaty does apply to Jewish settlers there, committee member Christine Chanet said [...] Cluster bomb ban comes into effect EU to be given prominent UN role  East Africas most corrupt country After 4 exhaustive years, Dutch become 1st NATO member to quit Afghanistan operation. German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle has angered conservatives in his own government coalition this week by keeping open the possibility of full European Union membership for Turkey. Israel's strategic blunder with Turkey Dutch troops withdraw from Afghanistan Inmates of a prison in Cebu, Philippines are given less food, smaller beds and few benefits of any kind if they do not dance to Michael Jackson songs for tourists. US, Canada, Britain & Australia refuse to support call for `the human right to water and sanitation' Peru declares state of emergency amid plunging temperatures Hundreds of children died from freezing conditions that have seen temperatures plummet to a 50year low of 24C British child prodigy, aged 7yrs, dubbed 'Mini Monet', sells latest paintings for 150,000! Ahmadinejad Challenges Obama to TV Debate We are ready to sit with his Excellency Obama, face to face, free and before media, to put the world's issues on the table to find out whose solution is better BBC Admits al Qaeda Never Existed Israel is now deporting small children who were born in Israel, speak Hebrew and have never seen their parents' native countries. 5 rockets fired from Sinai, two fall into the Red Sea, two fall on Jordan, one on Israel, four people injured.  UN announces panel to investigate Gaza flotilla raid Half of Indias population lives below the poverty line. According to an Oxford University study, 55 percent of Indias population of 1.1 billion, or 645 million people, are living in poverty. Using a newlydeveloped index, the study found that about onethird of the worlds poor live in India. Threequarters of UK nonMuslims believe Islam negative for Britain Layers of trash floating in the Yangtze river are threatening to jam China's massive Three Gorges hydroelectric dam. Israel and Hamas may be headed for another war as violence escalates in Gaza WikiLeaks will fund itself via Flattr, Pirate Bay founder's startup A huge explosion destroyed the home of a senior Hamas commander and injured 24 As Drug War Turns Into Quagmire, Fear Rules Mexico UN Declares Water a Fundamental Human Right  U.S. Abstains from Voting on Resolution. Bedouin village razed in Negev as lsraelis cheer on 53.7% of Palestinians want rocket attacks to stop, 43.7% support them Now that Hezbollah's leader has indicated that undisciplined members may have taken part in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, a challenge has emerged for his son. Will Saad Hariri, the current prime minister, dare to challenge a group he shares power with? Police arrest third suspect in Jewish terrorist affair Israeli security forces arrested a man suspected of assisting Jewish terrorist Chaim Pearlman in stabbing several Arabs in East Jerusalem over an extended period of time. The suspect was released several hours after being taken into custody A string of rockets was fired early Monday toward the Israeli resort city Eilat, and one hit in neighboring Jordan, killing one person and wounding four Cambodia in clasp of cluster bombs.
At least 26 million cluster bombs were dropped on Cambodia by the United States during the Vietnam War in the 1960s and 70s.
 Indonesia Embarks on Fruitless Campaign to Ban Pornography