 Police raid Georgian LGBT center The women's  group was holding a meeting when the police  arrived. The police called them perverted, sick and  satanists and threatened to distribute photographs  of them and reveal their sexual orientation publicly,  and one of the officers threatened murder. Irish atheists intentionally break new blasphemy law, commit blasphemy by quoting Twain, Carlin, Zappa, Christ, Dawkins, Hitchens, the Pope, and more!' IRAN Video shows gunman opening fire on demonstrators, who fight back' The Darwin Awards team is proud to announce the  late, the great, the 2009 Darwin Award Winners! ' Outrage over Iceland plan to reimburse the losses  of foreign investors in bank collapse using taxpayer  money  12,000 euros per citizen' A wealthy British Nazi sympathiser was behind the theft of the infamous sign above the Auschwitz death camp.' Capsule hotels, built for salarymen who missed the train home, are becoming a last resort for Japans  unemployed.'  Gordon Brown promises full body scanners at UK airports' N. Korea calls for end to hostilities with U.S. ' Eye Hospital in India Restores Sight With Free Surgeries Why does it look like India is doing a better job of taking care of their poor with making sure they have eye care than in the United States?' Why Poland Accounts For Half of Britains Criminal Extraditions' Impoverished women can be hard to reach, and even if they are given folic acid pills they sometimes wont take them for fear that they actually are birth control pills. So micronutrients instead are often added to such common foods as salt, sugar, flour or cooking oil.' Oilrich Venezuela ushered in 2010 with rationing of  electricity use in malls, businesses and billboard' Venezuela rations water supplies' Two Belgian bankrobbers have been named the Darwin Award winners of the year after killing themselves while trying to crack open a cash machine. The pair used so much dynamite that they destroyed the entire bank building ' Burj Dubai, the worlds tallest building opens for business this week  if it can find any' Prince Charles was so convinced Blair was wrong to take Britain to war in Iraq he broke Royal tradition and actively campaigned against the invasion... according to UK tabloid, News of the World' Darfuristan How the world's campaign to stop a genocide created a quagmire The idea might be hard to accept in the United States, but on a worldwide scale, the decade of the 2000's will go down as a big success. Students snowed in for two days at highest pub in UK ' Somali pirates seize British superfreighter ' Tajikistan earthquake leaves 20,000 people homeless' Remember the shortages in the US for H1N1 vaccines a few months ago? France bought 94 million doses...but so far only about five million people in France are recorded as having been vaccinated since...October and is now trying to sell their surplus.' Images of lethal mudslides in southeastern Brazil' Afghan MPs snub Karzai's new cabinet, reject 17 out of 24 of his nominees The North Korean human rights crisis by murder rate is the worst in the world... What is happening in North Korea is genocide.' But, for a week or so after landing, a form of what might be called Ameristalgia makes us conscious of a rudeness in British life A Letter From London' Women Sent to the Back of the Bus in Israel ' Chris Hedges Clumps of his skin had peeled away, and what was left of it was translucent...As he was lifted from the stretcher to the ER bed, he screamed Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, then Put me to sleep, please put me to sleep.' No, really Iran's Foreign Ministry has lashed out at France over resorting to violence in dealing with protesters in the country, describing it as violation of human rights. Pakistan Over 700 Civilians Killed in US Drone Strikes, when did the US go to War with Pakistan exactly?' World's tallest building opens in Dubai TSA to require advanced screening for mainly Muslim countries such as Libya, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Afghanistan and others. Just for a little variety, Cubans will also be required to go through advanced screening.' Quake leaves 20,000 homeless in Tajikistan' Hey Reddit, I was searching for the oldest article posted on the BBC's website, and this is what I found. Web users reported an outage of China's strict Internet controls, known as the Great Firewall, for several hours this morning, allowing them brief access to banned websites such as YouTube, Facebook and Twitter. Tougher US air screening for passengers arriving by air from 14 nations which the authorities deem to be a security risk' the writing on the banner behind alZawahiris head was added to the image afterward and at the same time as the logo of IntelCenter, which released the video' In pictures Italian doctor in Kabul who provides free care to amputees [10 pics]' Bomber who killed seven C.I.A. in Afghanistan was a Jordanian asset' A real hero dies. A leader of the Norwegian resistance who helped carry out one of the most daring acts of sabotage of World War II (they made a movie) and a Sailor on KonTiki' New cybermonitoring measures have been quietly introduced New Zealand giving police and SIS the power to monitor all aspects of someone's online life. Now all mobile calls, texts, email, internet surfing, online shopping, chatting and social networking can be monitored anywhere in New Zealand.  Bolivia MAS win Presidency and 2/3 control of Congress  'Like Morales, Allende spoke of a peaceful, democratic revolution and, in spite of relentless attacks, believed the capitalist opposition would ultimately have to respect his democratic mandate' Steady economic growth is an underreported news story  and to our own detriment. As human beings, we are prone to focus on very dramatic, visible events, such as confrontations with political enemies or the personal qualities of leaders, whether good or bad.' Not sure how this works, but here's a suggestion for a WorldNews subreddit logo... Africas Population Growth and its Developing Healthcare Challenges' BBC News  Extremist Islamic group defends Wootton Bassett parade' The Whitewash of Serb Atrocities' Israeli Arab MK (parliament member) 'Settlers are a malignant tumor.'nVerbal spat erupts at Knesset civil rights debate; MK Rotem wishes Palestinian state death by cancer. Now who would you agree with?' Bolivia demands access to Pacific Ocean by constructing the Arica tunnel'' New airport scanners break child porn laws' Indian eye clinic founded by a single doc has treated 27 million patients, performed more than 3 million lifechanging eye surgeries, for slightly more than the cost of a meal at McDonalds. (Video)' The president of Iceland refuses to sign a legislation to reimbuse nearly $5.7bn lost by British and Dutch savers in the failed Icelandic banks.' 87% are illiterate, 1 in 3 experience physical, psychological or sexual violence, 44 yrs is the average life expectancy rate, 70  80% face forced marriages... Afghan women' Russia follows the EU in rejecting US poultry imports because of chlorine washing, and may not allow a current 30,000 tonne import into the country. That's a lot of meat. Teenager who killed his girlfriend by dousing her in petrol and setting her alight has been sentenced to at least 21 years behind bars' Sweden allows wolf hunting after 45 year because having 237 wolves in the entire nation is a few too many' BBC News staff photographer accosted by police for... taking a picture... of a sunset... at one of Londons biggest tourist attractions. Bloody cretins.' Another New Years Eve, another round of car torchings in France. And another wave of reader complaints that we dont brand these arsonists as Muslims. What echoes through these comments is the force of conviction without proof.' Why Are We So Blind to the True Horrors of War?' she was pinned down in a guava orchard and raped by a farmhand who wanted to cure her of her attraction to girls. She said that she was impregnated and infected with H.I.V., but that her grandmothers reaction was simply,  You are too stubborn. ' Canada Goes After Yes Men For Copenhagen Parody, Knocks Out 4500 Websites' Israel okays four new Jewish residences in East Jerusalem funded by an American millionaire.' Burma to hold first elections in 20 years, Burmese told by dictator to make correct choices. The last election was ruled invalid after the military overwhelmingly lost.' Shell is embroiled in major row with World Bank and green energy companies for refusing to honour warranties on solar power systems sold to Sri Lanka' Icelandic president refuses to sign bill approved by congress about paying back IceSave account holders in Britain and Holland. The bill will now be subject to a national vote.' Photographs of Afghan children  no matter where in the world, kids are just kids' Iran bans contact with foreign organisations, including the BBC ' Italy classaction suit planned against Microsoft seeking compensation for Windows software preinstalled on computers for people who did not want it.' CIA Blast Blamed on Double Agent It looks like an al Qaeda double agent... It's very sophisticated for a terrorist group that's supposedly on the run.' Russia has completed a new oil pipeline and port complex that sets Russia up to become a more powerful oil exporter than Saudi Arabia. The ramifications for Europe and Asia are profound The shape of the global economyand the global balance of powerwill be altered forever.' Magazine Report Angers Politicians Did the CIA Plot to Kill German Citizen?' Gulf countries face water shortages. The region's rapid population growth and accelerated socioeconomic development have increases water demands from less than 5 billion cubic metres in 1970 to more than 32 in 2005. Bolivia refuses to be U.S. slave VPn' Even Al Jazeera Sees It Coming' These images depict the untouched stomach contents of baby birds in one of the worlds most remote marine sanctuaries, more than 2000 miles from the nearest continent. (pics)' Slovakian authorities plant explosives on unsuspecting airport passengers; Innocent Irish man arrested as a result.' Ady Gil/Sea Shepherd 'cut in halfy Japanese whaling vessel  Fourteen suspected terrorists died Tuesday night when the bus they rigged with explosives blew up prematurely.' Reddit if a bomb had exploded on this flight and there were suggestions that government agents planted the explosives people would say 'no way conspiracy theory nutcase...ut.... An investigation by BBC's Newsnight has cast doubts on the key piece of evidence which convicted the Lockerbie bomber, Abdelbaset Ali alMegrahi.  'Stealthoat's bow sliced off in whaling clash [incl. video] 2.4 million pounds of plastic pollution enter the world's oceans every hour In defiance of the ban on minarets, a Swiss man has affixed one to his shoe store' New toxic milk case in China kept secret for a year' Koreans fear witch hunt on the we In Iran intelligent + political = no more education for you.' Mystery Thousands of Dead Octopuses Wash Up on Portugal Beach' The average American generates 4.39 pounds of trash per day and up to 56 tons of trash per year. Only 1/10th of all solid garbage in the USA gets recycled. Every year, 14 billion pounds of trash are dumped into oceans.' Israeli delegation halts UK trip over war crimes arrest threat' Aussie hurdler Rawlinson has breast implants removed for Olympics' France tops list of best places to live in the world for fifth year in a row... but Britain languishes in 25th' Islamists Stop 'Enemies of Allah' From Feeding Starving Somalis... How CIA was fatally duped by Jordanian double agent' Penniless Gurkhas turn to UK charities after Joanna Lumley campaign' South African President Zuma marries again There are plenty of politicians who have mistresses and children that they hide so as to pretend they are monogamous. I prefer to be open.' Bad blood The Japanese finance minister's decision to quit is down to more than poor health Kazakhstan now the biggest exporter of uranium at 13,900 tons. Already fishy business brewing with Iraq.' One killed, 4 wounded in Israeli airstrike on Gaza' The WHO's false pandemic flu campaign is one of  the greatest medicine scandals of the century,  claimed Dr Wolfgang Wodarg, chairman of the  PACE Health Committee.' Three Americans go to Uganda and teach thousands (including police, national politicians, etc.) how gays and their agenda are trying to destroy Ugandan families and sodomize their children.  Result a bill to impose a death sentence for homosexual behavior.' Soviet General, 1986 After seven years in Afghanistan there is not one square kilometre left untouched by the boot of a Soviet soldier. But as soon as they leave the place, the enemy returns and restores it all the way it used to be. We have lost this war.' Very quietly, China has become the world's secondlargest producer of scientific knowledge. If it continues at this aweinspiring rate, China will overtake the US before 2020 and the world will look very different as a result Investor who made huge fortune off predicting Enron crash now predicting China's bubble is about to burst 2,000 Egyptian riot policemen attacked and injured volunteers of the Viva Palestina aid convoy that were inside the port of Al Arish preparing to drive the convoy vehicles to Gaza to deliver medical and other humanitarian supplies' UK government plans to implement loophole to prevent people from being prosecuted for war crimes' France wants tax on Google. We are not going to be stripped of our heritage for the benefit of a big company, no matter how friendly, big or American it is.' EU website hacked. Spanish president's photo with replaced with one of Mr. Bean. UN concludes video showing Sri Lankan soldiers apparently executing naked Tamils 'appears to be authentic'. KFC accused of racism over Australian advertisement, a case of American cultural insularity  They have a tendency to think that their history is more important than that of other countries.' Afghan war kills three children a day' A church was set on fire in Malaysia early Friday by unidentified attackers amid a growing conflict in the country over the use of the word Allah by nonMuslims' Google is a very useful and powerful search engine but do You know how much information that You give away when You make use of it?' Over 1 billion people do not have access to safe, clean drinking water.' Denmark politicians demand more stringent immigration rules after cartoonist attack... in a country that already has one of the strictest immigration policies in Western Europe!' Iran to try 5 people  in connection with riots on the charge of 'moharebeh'  an Islamic term meaning warring against God  which carries the death sentence A BBC investigation has cast doubt on key evidence in the case against the Libyan convicted of blowing up a US jet over the Scottish town of Lockerbie in 1988.' Canadian Transport Minister John Baird confirms that Ottawa ordered airline body scanners months ago' Burmese whistleblowers sentenced to death' Ending the culture of female genital mutilation' 1970sstyle rationing as UK National Grid cuts off gas to factories ' Sudan on the brink of another civil war' Palestinian Christian groups are boycotting celebrations of Orthodox Christmas in Bethlehem, accusing their Church of selling land to Israelis.' Attack on Coptic Christians in Egypt Leaves 7 Dead' The conspiracy theory presented in a documentary made for Iranian TV suggests that Ms. AghaSoltan first sprayed fake blood on her own face, while pretending to have been shot, and then was later killed by the two men who seemed to be trying to save her life.' 23yearold British woman on holiday in Dubai told police she had been raped, only to be arrested herself for having illegal sexual intercourse' Portugals parliament approves samesex marriage' I think you're trying to seduce me Mrs. Robinson.  Ireland rocked by scandal as First Minister's 58 year old wife is caught in an affair with her 19 year old lover.   No taxes, no customs duties, no government patents, no government copyrights a secessionist area within the Ivory Coast is flourishing, and the UN, the BBC, and bureaucrats find this astounding' French man earns bravery medal for diving into an icy river and saving a pregnant woman who was trapped inside a crashed car in northeastern France.' Costa Rica is one of the very few countries to have abolished its army, and its also the happiest nation on earth' Norway Time Hole Leak Plunges Northern Hemisphere Into Chaos | Pakistan Daily (Did someone forget to take their pills this morning?)' Study Bankers worth less to economy than Hospital Cleaners' Attacks after Malaysian court rules Christians can call their God Allah' Video footage allegedly showing Sri Lankan troops executing Tamil Tiger rebels last year is authentic, a UN envoy has concluded. WARNING very graphic footage!' Two former Blackwater guards charged with Afghan murder' And so the protest boat hit by the Japanese Whalers has sunk.  I hope someone gets in trouble.' Israel will pay US $10m in compensation for damage caused to United Nations buildings in Gaza during the assault a year ago' Canada no longer a haven for war resisters  Prime Minister Harper wants to send back 200 American asylumseekers' Looks like chemical fingerprint of the bomb that killed seven CIA agents may match the kind produced by Pakistani intelligence...' United Nations peacekeeping forces last week discovered a large number of buried explosive devices in southern Lebanon about a kilometer from the border with Israel. ' Israel bombs Gaza again, three killed.' Europe's Jobless Rate Unexpectedly Hits 11Year High Blackwater Settles Massacre Lawsuit by Paying Families of Dead Iraqis $100,000 Each. Blackwater says it is pleased with the outcome' I'm sure the hundreds of thousands of women who 'flashed' all their friends yesterday had the best of intentions. You know what I didn't do? Think about breast cancer. That's what this is mostly about not cancer, but flirting.' Northern Irish fundamentalist Christian politician caught having an affair with a man 40 years her junior. After gaining him government favors and 50000' It's Cold in England. How different is 2010 from 1963? China hit with $2.2 billion software piracy lawsuit' BBC News  'Not guilty' plea in Detroit plane bomb case Chart showing deaths of Israelis and Palestinians since the second Intifada. Guess which one has born the brunt? ' Top Imams affiliated with the Islamic Supreme Council of Canada have issued a fatwa calling those terrorists who attack the United States and Canada evil.' Human sacrifices increase in Uganda; blood and body parts used in spellcasting to gain wealth' An Indian man is in a serious condition in hospital after being set on fire in the street in Melbourne early this morning.' Muslims and Christians set fire to each others' homes and shops near the southern Egyptian town Putin warns Russia is prepared to go on the weapons offensive.  In order to preserve a balance, while we arent planning to build a missile defence of our own, as its very expensive and its efficiency is not quite clear, we have to develop offensive strike systems.' A beauty pageant winner from Canada's east coast says she will join this year's seal hunt after an antihunting group altered photos of her wearing sealskin. Iran's hardline president has ordered the formation of a team to study the damages the country suffered from the 1941 Allied invasion in order to demand compensation. Yemen the mood in Sanaa  Many worry they will be collateral damage in the next front of America's war on terror' Politician who said homosexuality could be cured is under fire for getting her teenage lover a 50,000 pound loan. Her politican husband didn't disclose the loan.  I caused a mass riot in India, leaving 185 people arrested so far, and about 100 business owned by Larry Summers oligarchfriends [Mukesh Ambani], smoldering in ruins. ' Israel launches air strikes in Gaza' 'CIA bomber' shown vowing revenge Canadians give thumbs up to full body scanners at airports' BBC  We're all Icelanders now Three independent experts confirm authenticity of video footage which shows extrajudicial killings of bound and naked Tamil rebels by Sri Lankan troops. And a former army general states that the government ordered rebels to be killed and not allowed to surrender at the end of the war last year.' So this is what happens when you put a major sports tournament in Angola' Italy deployed extra police and evacuated migrants on Saturday from a southern town after residents violently attacked African farm workers protesting against their conditions.' Border oil dispute worsens fears about Iran's influence over Iraqi government  washingtonpost.com In an instance of shocking apathy, a subinspector of police, brutally attacked by a gang, bled to death, as his cry for help went in vain, even after two state ministers with their convoy stopped by and saw his plight.' Abdul Majeed Zandani, A Yemen religious leader, says the growing interest in activities in Yemen is part of a plot to occupy the country.  He also has a KICK ASS beard!!' Yesterday's news  Ady Gil collision from three views, including on the Ady Gil. Two more arrested in suspected New York bomb  plot (reuters)' China Is Now The World's Biggest New Car Market Iran reformist Mehdi Karroubi's car shot at Greeces public debt Can't afford to keep people as healthy as before, but can still afford 10,000 riot police to attack its own people. Chevron could face damages of $27.3bn, the biggest environmental lawsuit in history because from the mid1960s until the early 1990s, Texaco (now Chevron) dumped 18 billion gallons of toxic waste and formation water directly into streams, rivers, and the jungle floor of the Ecuadorian Amazon ' Israel rejects US Loan Threat, saying they don't really need the money' Chvez ordered two F16 jets to intercept a U.S. military plane that twice violated Venezuelan airspace, in what he called the latest provocation in Venezuela's skies There have been more attacks on churches in Malaysia, in a growing dispute over the use of the word Allah by nonMuslims' Plane packed with 35 tonnes of North Korean arms to Iran intercepted. New Zealand company suspected of foul play.' 'Career women make bad mothersillboards pulled Iceland says Cant pay, wont pay  and it is right    ' Iranian state television has made a documentary about the death of Neda Agha Soltan, a young Iranian woman who was shot dead during the June postelection protests in Tehran, suggesting she was an agent of the United States and Britain who staged her own death. ...' Remember the UAE Sheikh videod running over and torturing a guy over some missing grain  well surprise surprise he got off since he was drugged and unaware of his actions' Young Malaysians of various races and professions got together at the Malaysian capitol and handed out flowers to passersby in a gesture of goodwill in the wake of the recent religiouslymotivated arson attacks on four churches' Looks like Mexico did not fall apart after they decriminalized possession of small amounts of drugs' Bangladesh endorses onechild policy' My husband, a school teacher and farmer from the Palestinian village of Bilin, jailed for protesting Israel's apartheid wall Socialist Party of Malaysia `No more racism! Freedom of religion to all! ' Indian man attacked and set alight in Melbourne' China becomes the world's largest exporter in other times, when they brought me to the roadblock the entire village chased me and beat me, and nearly killed me. I prefer to sit in prison than to go back. ' Germany investigates whether CIA deployed a Blackwater hit team in the country' Canadian spared beheading by Saudi court. ' China pressures Indonesian economy  A new regional trade deal raises tensions between two rising economic powers' Crime lord's fake penis falls off during a raid. Attached to it was his street cred. Hugo Chavez ordered soldiers to seek out businesses that raise prices after a sharp devaluation of the bolivar currency last week, saying his government will not tolerate price speculation.' 'We Regret Driving Out the British,' Say Yemenis... Over 200 dead in India's cold snap Ahmadinejad Iran and Syria will create a 'New World Order'  A pilot's life exhausting hours for meagre wages  The Russian commander of the 40th army in Afghanistan, and the current Ambassador to NATO make some interesting points in this oped.' Emirates' sadistic sheikh who used 'an automatic rifle, whips, electric cattle prods, wooden planks with protruding nails and even his Mercedes SUV to torture his victim.' [Video extracts warning the images may be disturbing]  A teenager who poured bleach over a woman at a restaurant in Leeds has been detained for 12 months.' Skewed China birth rate to leave 24 million men single' Italians cheer as police move hundreds of African immigrants out of town after clashes with locals that leave scores injuredn' Mexican woman tells of ordeal with crossborder child traffickers' Tijuana reels amid a surge of violence' Poverty and despair  life on the Pine Ridge Indian reservation' More than 24 million Chinese men of marrying age could find themselves without spouses by 2020.' Israeli media defending the murder of children because of rockets' The sex scandal that has transfixed Northern Ireland in recent days has a cinematic echo a 60yearold Mrs. Robinson who was caught in an affair with a man who was 19 at the time.' The lucky ones are brutally interrogated and released. Some turn up dead, their bodies bearing the marks of torture. Other families face the anguish of never knowing the fate of a father, brother or son.  Families of muslim North Caucasus region are pointing fingers at Moscow.' Israel has approved plans to erect a wall along part of Israel's border with Egypt.  Take that England... Chinese reaction to Akmal Shaikh's execution British troops 'tortured Iraqi woman'  Body Dumped by Roadside in a Britishissue Body Bag Solomon Islands  Doctors at the Honiaras National Referral Hospital (NRH) are worried about the population increase in the country.'  Inside the insular and secretive Eritrea' A crossparty group of MPs and peers have called on the main parties to make a manifesto pledge not to allow the UK's population to exceed 70 million. Could the Pakistani Government Fall over Karachi Violence? What would it Mean for Obama's War on alQaeda? Jeremy Clarkson Last hurrahs of the petrol age review' Chernobyl nuclear accident At the children's cancer hospital in Minsk, Belarus, and in eastern Ukraine, doctors are seeing highly unusual rates of cancers, mutations and blood diseases linked to the accident that happened 24 yrs ago Jurist Josipovic wins Croatia presidential electionn' All but one of the 17 families who lost relatives in Baghdad's Nusoor Square killings have agreed to settle their claims against the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater British soldiers 'tortured and executed Iraqi grandmother' Why would a former Guantanamo Bay prison guard track down two of his former captives  two British men  and agree to fly to London to meet them?' Barred from using lead in children's jewelry because of its toxicity, some Chinese manufacturers have been substituting the more dangerous heavy metal cadmium in sparkling charm bracelets and shiny pendants. Israelis use clever 'Catch22' ruse to put thousands of Palestinians between a rock and a hard place, then destroy their homes and schools to make room for an Israeli Military 'training area' in an 'occupied territory' outside of Israel's own border. Michael Chertoff, Former Department of Homeland Security, is the head of the Chertoff Group, the lead cheerleader for what is being called the Full Body Scanner Lobby  Chertoff is also the spokesman for Rapiscan a body scanner manufacturer.' Italians fight back against surveillance society by publicizing the location of CCTV cameras  and to out those set up illegally' Stopandsearch powers ruled illegal by European court' UK Stop and search powers ruled illegal by  European court' Bolivian Government To Produce Coca Colla  Its The Real Thing From Coca Leaves' Avatar audience is being depressed because the Pandora world is unachievable.' Islam4UK to be banned, says UK Home secretary, takes effect this Thursday if parliament agrees' You might wonder why U.S. military drone strikes kill so many civilians.  It will all become clear, once you learn whom the CIA relies upon to identify targets...' Piracy isn't all bad. Kenya fishermen see the upside more fish. An investigation in the Netherlands has concluded that the Dutch government's support of the invasion of Iraq had no legal backing and did not fully inform parliament about its plans in the runup to the conflict. In Britain you can now be arrested for writing an email you did not write, because it contains a word that rhymes with another word that some official thinks is racist, but no one complained about. ' Israeli Prime Minister we will never share Jerusalem with Palestinians' Iraq invasion violated international law Dutch inquiry finds that invasion was not justified under UN resolutions' Annoyed about your bottle of water not being allowed on a plane? To this woman, it was a bottle of diabetes transplant cells.' Taliban may be descended from Jews' Christiane Amanpour does a shamefully bad job of holding Robert Mugabe to account for his actions.  Couldn't they have found someone familiar enough with the situation to answer his propaganda?  A pathetic interview. Britain is criminalizing membership in Islam4UK, a radical Islamic group that has incited outrage by planning a protest march through the streets of a town made famous for its somber ceremonies honoring British soldiers killed in Afghanistan. ' Nigeria's missing president the country hasn't seen him for more than 50 days, leaving a leadership void Iranian nuclear physicist killed in bombing. With love from Mossad.' Despite more than a dozen international conventions banning slavery in the past 150 years, there are more slaves today than at any point in human history.' H1N1Gate Big Pharma, WHO triggered organized panic, European health head claims.' China operates what is, by several measures, the world's fastest rail line WuGuang line trains clocked peak speeds of up to 394 kph, averaging  312kph in nonstop runs four times daily' Dear World, The Chinese government stole intellectual property from us and others. The censorship is crazy over there and we are seriously considering ceasing our Chinese operation.  signed google.' Toronto woman dies pushing baby from car's path 7.3 Mag Earthquake off the Haitian Coast. Tsunami alert issued!' Google 'may end China operations over Gmail breaches'  Google no longer willing to continue censoring our  results on its Chinese search engine.' Just another day in Mexico Police found the dismembered body of a man whose face had been skinned and stitched onto a soccer ball.' Man faces 20 years in jail for writing on an airline comment card I hope we don't crash and burn or worse yet, landing in the ocean, living through it, only to be eaten by sharks, or worse yet, end up on someplace like gilligans Island, stranded, or worse yet, be eaten by a tribe of headhunters' Hellloooo everybody... Haiti was hit with a 7.0 earthquake this morning. Is it shitty to anyone else that Jay Leno is topping the news because he may be retaking his late night spot?' Almost seven years later, the most catastrophic legacy of the Iraq war is shaping up to be the more than 2 million refugees who are locked in limbo on its borders with no hope of moving on. Here's what daily life is like in the monotonous depths of a humanitarian nightmare. Much of Haiti's capital destroyed by earthquake  Iran's antigovernment demonstrators have taken their protests to a new venue writing Death to the Dictator and other opposition slogans on bank notes' In a plot twist worthy of Agatha Christie,  assassinated lawyer Rodrigo Rosenberg masterminded his own murder to frame the president.' Tape recording of Nazi officers describing the moment they found Adolf Hitler's body in his Berlin bunker has been discovered A new civilization has been uncovered in western Amazonia.' What kills people in these disasters isnt just nature but its interconnection with poverty, and in Haiti its imperative to arrange not only the earthquake response  digging people out of rubble  but also a public health response' I like Google as much as the next Redditor but how  does cyber attack = now we care about human  rights + no more censoring results or we leave?  Something doesn't add up. British Muslim soldier Islamists should treat UK as their own country' Hey reddit. Anyone know any good charities for those that want to help the folks in Haiti who had enough misery in their lives before getting shit on by the earthquake?' Blair aid unapologetic for UK contributions to lies about Iraq' Google fed up Chinese hacking human rights advocates, may leave China' A global fiasco is brewing in Japan' It is half a century since she began her seminal work studying chimpanzees in Africa. But Jane Goodall says her work is far from finished' The world's loneliest police beat.After 22 years on Tristan da Cunha, Conrad Glass has still to make an arrest So they arrested El Teo in mexico. If you remember, this is the guy that would make a stew with the bodies of his rivals so the families would not even have a body to bury.' A landmark class action case is under way in a New York federal court, with victims of apartheid in Holding Corporations Accountable for Apartheid Crime in South Africa IBM, Fujitsu, Ford, GM and banking giants UBS and Barclays' Please go to www.redcross.org and donate at least $10 to help out the people of haiti. I know the reddit community can make a difference!' Haiti how your donation could hurt  After every major disaster, misguided donations actually worsen the suffering' China gives first response to Google threat Internet is open to business according to the law' Holy shit. We just saw a gigantic shark eat what looked like a person in front of our house, that shark was huge. Like dinosaur huge.' Researchers identify command servers behind Google attack' British cops videotaped sledding on their riot shields' Russia's government has launched a crusade against alcohol abuse, describing it as a national disaster' US editor banned from entering Israel' Family shut out of their home by squatters who moved in over Christmas. Now risk becoming homeless because they cannot afford both the mortgage and rent for another property. Police tells them are 'racist' for questioning the squatters' right to live in Britain on benefits. 'Israel is losing the media war to Al Jazeera'  Fleet of rogue jet aircraft regularly crisscrossing the Atlantic Ocean linked to Al Qaeda' Two men who showed no mercy to their own grandfather as they tortured him in south London have been jailed for life for his murder.'  Israel restricts Palestinian lawyers' access to West Bank detainees Haiti 'cursed by pact with devil' says US evangelical broadcaster Pat Robertson Pat Robertson Cites Haitis Earthquake As What Happens When You Swear A Pact To The Devil true story...' Haiti the land where children eat mud. This was *before* the earthquake.' BBC News  Should we be free to criticise serving soldiers?' Remember the Lawyer that recorded a video posted in youtube saying that the president of Guatemala was going to kill him and then was killed? International investigation finds that the murder was actually planned by himself. WTF' Partners in Health, a major nonprofit based in Haiti's Central Plateau, is currently absorbing and providing care for much of the flow out of PortauPrince.  Here is their page on the situation. University Prof Tim Lang forecasts a perfect storm as population growth, diminishing resources and climate change that will create shortages in food, water and energy.' Turkey warns Lebanon that Israel may be planning attack' Since zebras are too expensive to bring in to Gaza, the owner of a local zoo has painted his white donkeys, to the delight of local children.' A man who was trying to help a woman get back her stolen purse stabbed to death Unbelievable robbers killed a man for a handbag!' Pakistan is fast moving from being a waterstressed country to a waterscarce country, mainly due to its high population growth and water is becoming a key development issue.' Haiti scams are spreading experts. (If you know of any, or have useful information for others, here might be a good place to post them)' It never ceases to amaze me that in times of amazing human suffering somebody says something that can be so utterly stupid, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said about Pat Robertson's Haiti Remarks' Researchers confirm that the Chinese goverment was behind the attack on Google. the government of China has been engaged for months in a massive campaign of industrial espionage against US companies.' Haiti 48 hours later  The Big Picture' Political Massacre of 57 people in the Philippines He shot the victims as soon as they were brought to him. They were on their knees, crying and shouting for mercy. Those killed included 30 reporters and news media workers.  ' David Nutt  the sacked drugs panel chief  start own Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs to rival governments own panel.' OiNK Admin Found Not Guilty, Walks Free' Naomi Klein don't let the disaster capitalists exploit the Haiti disaster. Countries in periods of extreme crisis are desperate for any kind of aid and are not in a position to negotiate fairly the terms of that exchange. Remember that 'woman warned by UK police for carrying a knife in her own home' story? Guess what  it's not quite as simple as that! Chinese human rights activist, Feng Zhenghu, has been camping out, sleeping on a bench and surviving on handouts at the Narita International Airport in Japan since Nov. 4, 2009.' Haiti apocalypse More doctors, fewer journalists man yelled angrily at a foreign media crew. Gunfire is echoing across the capital, as survivors endure a third night on the streets with little food, water or medical supplies' Google agrees to take down Encyclopedia Dramatica link to page about Aboriginals.' Canadians, donate money to help in Haiti and your government will match your contribution!' How Haiti, the most profitable French colony, became such a desperate and destitute country.' Arctic permafrost leaking methane at record levels, figures show' Finland aims to eliminate smoking' 10 Satellite Photos of Haiti Before and After the Earthquake ' Clerics threaten to declare holy war if foreign troops land on Yemeni soil' Uganda president slows antigay bill  President Museveni urges caution on controversial bill, citing foreign policy' Japan Ends Naval Support for Afghan War' JP Morgan's $9bn payout stokes bonus fury  Revealed The ghost fleet of the recession anchored just east of Singapore' Israeli travel to Turkey dropped 44% in 2009' Belgium beer dispute hits supply of Stella Artois' Ecuador We are drawing up an inventory of all the unproductive private lands to distribute  around one and a half million hectares. This is why they are desperate to destabilise us so quickly. With an unequal distribution of income, price represents not the intensity of preference.' Mongolia to abolish the death penalty' France Calls for Cancellation of Haiti's Debt Photoshop Disaster [featuring FBI]' Australia is safe once again. Female Ejaculation Films To Be Banned In Australia  Thank you, you fucking fundamentalist christian lunatics that have nothing better to do. That is all. ' Hate crime increases in areas with BNP councillors.' British Legislator Israelis who authorized the use of white phosphorous in densely populated Gaza should be tried for war crimes' Just what is China? Pretty strong opinion piece on the country, its practices economic and political, and its essential nature.' Businessman Mirko Fischer sues British Airwars 'for  treating men like perverts' Bah's in Iran face execution 6 Years Ago Haiti asked for Reparations.  A call for $21 billion from France aims to lift Haiti's bicentennial blues. Canada to give immigration priority to Haiti earthquake survivors' Desperation grows Mass grave found outside PortauPrince ' Prominent Chinese civil rights lawyer Gao Zhisheng has 'disappeared' while in the custody of the Beijing Public Security Bureau.  They claim not to know where he is. Haiti says 200,000 may be dead, tensions rise' Iraq erasing Jewish heritage sites; plan to build mosque atop tomb of Ezekiel' Alibaba says Yahoo 'reckless' on Google stance Jeremy Scahill  The poor are left to suffer and die, and the Rich bring in their mercenaries. Blackwater was paid 950$ per man per day by the Department of Homeland security at a time when the average people in New Orleans were dying of starvation' Had they truncheoned the civilian who filmed them to the ground, the unwritten police form book suggests they might have expected tightlipped support from their superiors' Amazing footage of a baby rescued after being buried in Rubble for 3 days in Haiti [Vid]' Hope for Haiti  Solar Powered Rural Health Hospitals Saving Lives Now' Haiti earthquake With an eye to both short and longterm needs, IFRC increases appeal to 100 million USD' Fidel Castro The lesson of Haiti' Haiti's Earthquake Destruction TIME Exclusive Photographs  Operation Pierre Pan May Start at Miami Hospitals ' The RussiaBelarus Oil Dispute and Western Oil Supplies' Israeli ultraorthodox rail against net use  Sensing a threat, the rabbis have forced the closure of several ultraorthodox websites.' Sandra Bullock gives $1 million to Haiti relief' Australia has nearly unlocked Medieval trait Film  distributors are alarmed by new laws that quietly  came into effect in South Australia this week  restricting the promotion and display of Rrated  movies such as Fight Club.' Senegal offers land to Haitians' Adults in Scotland are drinking the equivalent of 46 bottles of vodka each in a year, a study has suggested.' Cuban health team that Bush refused to allow in New Orleans after Katrina is serving in Haiti' Heavily armed gang members who once ran Haiti's largest slum like warlords have returned with a vengeance since the earthquake damaged the National Penitentiary allowing 3,000 inmates to break out Romania to introduce fat tax, in battle against obesity ' Iran's political winds are shifting  Inside noted ring of diamond thieves  Pink Panthers talk about their spectacular heists estimated at $350 million.' Seed Vault will store frozen seed samples to protect the world's food supply from natural disasters and war. Anger at US builds at PortauPrince airport' Spanish lawmaker horrified to learn that the FBI used an online photograph of him to create an image showing what Osama bin Laden might look like today' We ripped license plates off cars to use as splints. We took shirts off of people to use as tourniquets ' Senegal offers land to Haitians' South Korean teacher beats atrisk students with shovel; shouts profanity at them; berates them if theyre failing... and the students love him ' US prevents arrival of Caribbean aid team in Haiti' German government warns against using MS Explorer' Italy proposes mandatory licenses for people who upload video' Associated Press Numerous firebombed churches = rum bottle thrown at mosque' Iranian dissident Masoud Ali Mohammadi killed by Arab hitman?' Gender Testing Hangs Before the Olympic Games as a Vexing Mess' Swede gives 100 million SEK, about $14 million USD, to help Haiti children' The UK's softcrime initiative is now a multimillionpound industry parking fines levied last year totalled 330m, with another 100m from speed cameras. Girl killed, 4,000 homeless in Manila slum fire ' Sarkozy backs off Muslim veil ban It's 'unworkable'  Terrorism has killed fewer people in the last 30 years than Americans with handguns in the last eight months.  Meanwhile  More people will die in Haiti this week than Hiroshima. Our perspective of events is warped.' Pennies for Haiti, Billions for Israel' French government minister accused the Americans of trying to occupy Haiti instead of helping it' Amnesty International Israel collectively punishing Gaza by restricting the entry of food, medical supplies, educational equipment and building materials' BBC News  Mauritania fatwa bans female genital mutilation' Not the Onion IDF saves one baby in Haiti, prevents scores of Palestinians from reaching Hospital in Gaza' Cuba's Rescue Effort in Haiti Worst modern earthquake happened in China with over 242k dead in 1976. They then refused all aid.' Monsanto strikes again! Indian government approves commercial release of genetically modified brinjal or aubergine (Bt brinjal). Storm of protests from activists and farmers' groups Haiti  No, Mister! You Cannot Share My Pain!' Islamic Solidarity Games, due to be held in Iran, called off because of a dispute with Arab countries over what to call the Gulf' A brief history of US involvement in Haiti. From the coup against Aristide to the US occupation of Haiti from 1915 to 1934.' 90year old Canada history magazine changes name. What was wrong with The Beaver?' We can't defeat Taliban with the military UK Army chief Haiti's elite spared from much of the devastation But we did okay here. We have everything cleaned up inside. We are ready to open. We just need some security. So send in the Marines, okay? WTF?!' Unlike Qatar, Iran and Jordan, Saudi Arabia is not providing any assistance at all to the people of Haiti.' Charlie Brooker Years ago, I had an idea for a futuristic pair of goggles that visually transformed homeless people into lovable animated cartoon characters.' Chinese Snowstorm over 100,000 homes damaged or destroyed in Xinjiang' Among those who need to be subpoenaed are the former president and vicepresident of the United States.' Chavez orders takeover of French hypermarket chain' Casper the commuting cat killed by hitandrun driver' A bit of honesty from a politician British MP Israel and Egypt's blockade of Gaza is 'evil'. Israeli officials who authorized the use of white phosphorous in denselynpopulated Gaza should be tried for war crimes, a British Labour Partynlegislator said Friday...' Somali pirates collect $5.57 million ransom  and are almost immediately attacked by another band of pirates.' Chavez says U.S. occupying Haiti in name of aid' Palestinians are offering donations and financial support for the victims of Haiti's devastating earthquake We feel for them the most because we were exposed to our own earthquake during Israel's war on Gaza' Syria's Mufti Islam commands us to protect JudaismIf the Prophet Mohammed had asked me to deem Christians or Jews heretics, I would have deemed Mohammed himself a heretic' Hard to argue that it's not a holy war when Christian extremists are all too happy to provide some dogma into the mix U.S. Military Weapons Inscribed With Secret 'Jesus' Bible Codes because Killing people and quoting the bible makes Jesus dance China bans Avatar for being subversive' Earthquake Magnitude 6.0 hits Guatemalan' Costa Rican sugar exports blocked after Legislative Assembly rejects USled copyright reform  ' Nigerian Muslims and Christians unite side by side to promote peace on earth and raise loads of money for the Haiti disaster.  No, just kidding, at least 149 people have been killed during two days of violence.' The trial of the century starts tomorrow against Dutch parliamentarian Geert Wilders. His free speech is our free speech. Netherlands, the world is watching!' UK has no doubts about its claim to the Falkland Islands. A recent law passed in Argentina, with whom the UK fought a war in 1982, begs to differ.' China to save its oldest cliff Buddha from collapse ' Iran has arrested 19 activists from the Women's Movement, Women Journalists and Civil Activists  For once, a piece praising Americans for their effort  in the aftermath of the Haiti earthquake.' Cell phone minerals fuel Congo conflict  Sales of coltan, used in cell phones, fund groups that brutalize eastern Congo' Look! In the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! No, it's Superman! NO! It's ANDERSON COOPER! European Navy Watches As Pirates Slaughter Each Other Over Ransom Money' GoDaddy Donates $500,000 To Haiti' Haiti we dont need soldiers  theres no war here' Nigerian Army ordered in as 200 die in Christian Muslim riots.' 2,000yearold temple dedicated to Cat goddess found in Egypt' Guantanamo triplesuicide victims were suffocated, claims magazine ' UN Afghanistan survey points to huge scale of bribery' The entire premise of combating alQaeda as though it were an enemy army, using the Pentagon as the lead agency, while simultaneously militarizing the CIA, needs to be questioned' BBC Suddenly The Afghan Security Realize What They're Looking At & Run For Their Lives! [vid] Haiti There are no security issues, says Dr. Evan Lyon of Partners in Health, in PortAuPrince. Reports of violence in the city have been overblown by the media and have affected the delivery of aid and medical services' Message From Ecuador to Chevron CEO John Watson We don't want to continue dying of cancer. [vid]' Israel is arresting a growing number of prominent opponents to its policies toward the Palestinians, say critics who are accusing the government of trying to crush legitimate dissent.' Haiti Struck By Major Earthquake for 2nd Time in 8 Days' We've all seen and heard reports of complaints that Americans were not letting the aid in, and now I understand why.' 'The world does not welcome the White Houses Google'  China has signalled a change of approach to the Google crisis, with state media describing the companys threat to pull out of the country as a political conspiracy by the US government. Air France may bar obese passengers from flights' Remember the guy who was jailed in the UK in December for hitting an intruder with a cricket bat? He's been freed by appeal.  Israel 'pushing aid groups out' of Palestinian areas FBI arrests 22, US, UK and Israeli weapons dealers in a massive sting operation' Palestinian President proposes that the Obama administration negotiate the final borders of a Palestinian state with Israel' How my father went from the prison of the shah to the prison of Khamenei. Right now, he is in solitary confinement in Evin prison in Tehran' Iraq war illegal, Tony Blair aide said nAide to British PM secretly warned Iraq war would be illegal in 2002.' One in a million the girl in a tartan dress who symbolises the orphan crisis facing Haiti.' Two brothers, aged 10 and 12, tortured victims aged 9 and 11. Absolutely sick. [BBC News]' The NHS in England provides better value for money than elsewhere in the UK, a research group's study suggests. Chinese Communist Party The Dictactorship of Talent' China's Baidu sues U.S. company over cyberattack An MIT urban design expert explains why devastated cities are nearly always rebuilt  but why Haiti faces special challenges to reconstruction.' Toronto Hydro admits it can't control stray voltage, asks residents to tread carefully lest they or their children are stung by electricity coursing below city sidewalks... wtf?! Mexico City to punish tweets on police checkpoints' 6.1magnitude earthquake hit Haiti Wednesday morning.' Iran's political winds are shifting  Is the government on the verge of collapse? Mother jailed for murdering braindamaged son  this is fucked' The New York Times is to make frequent readers pay to view their content. I wonder how long that will last?' Olympic ski resort in Whistler seized by lenders!!!  To be auctioned off in the middle of the freakin Olympics!!' UNICEF warns against rushing to adopt Haitian children.' Something seems odd about the SEED Emergency Housing Shipping Containers for Haiti...' Hamas accepts Israel's right to exist Out of the utter horror of Haiti, comes a picture of incredible joy  arguably one of the best pictures of all time' China has no troops outside its borders; Russia has a small handful in its former territories in Abkhazia, Armenia, South Ossetia and Transdniester. The U.S. has hundreds of thousands of troops stationed in six continents.n' Chavez says US 'weapon' caused Haiti quake NZ army to remove Bible citations from armaments  they are inappropriate and could stoke religious tensions, New Zealand said Thursday' We cheer when a Haitian child is rescued from the rubble, but ignore the thousands of Gazan children who are suffering malnutrition and being buried by Israeli policy' Russias central bank started buying Canadian dollars in a sign of increased diversification of assets away from the US dollar' Overweight passengers who cannot squeeze into a single plane seat are to be charged double to fly with Air France' Hamas senior representative has accepted Israel's right to exist and would be prepared to nullify its charter, which calls for the destruction of Israel, USAF Airman 1st Class Perry Aston took this aerial shot of vitally important, very busy Toussaint Louverture International Airport from a USAF OC135B Open Skies Observation Aircraft flying 15,000 feet above Haiti on 16 January 2010. [PIC]' Former Malaysian PM Says 9/11 Staged for 'Attacking Muslims'... Israel moves to launch university in West Bank settlement' Haiti boy, 5, survives nearly 8 days under rubble' Surgeon seeks to prevent 'unnecessary amputations' in Haiti's earthquake zone Husband Strangles Mother of Five for 'Becoming Australian'... Europe's airport security dilemma  It's up in the air whether European airports will have body scanners China says its economy expanded by 8.7% in 2009, exceeding even the government's own initial expectations. How often has the U.S. and NATO killed the Taliban in groups of 30 during 2009? The answer may surprise you' Amy Goodman reporting from Port au Prince and interviewing Dr Evan Lyon of Partners in Health. Great on the ground reporting.' Under various pretexts, abusive governments are attacking the very foundations of the human rights movement.  HRW World Report 2010' NATO military chief seeks to strengthen ties with Russia in war with Afghanistan' Geert Wilders 'I want Muslim fanatic to speak in my defence' UK MPs kicked out of ACTA talks. ' Russia Journalist dies after police beating' By failing to see beyond Chavez, one of the most significant dynamics ignored. Venezuelans have taken over factories; occupied urban, rural lands; launched radio, television stations; built centers for culture, popular education. Often in ways that go beyond expectations of government' Im proud the Dutch collect over  41 mln for Haiti, government doubles it all, totaling  83,448,252 (Dutch link)' A TSA worker was staring at her. Then he pulled a small, clear plastic bag from her carryon. Inside the bag was fine, white powder. ' If this guy doesn't look badass I don't know who does. A BBC Newsnight investigation has found that a so called bomb detector, thousands of which have  been sold to Iraq, cannot possibly work.' Russian Policeman who accused the country's police force and judiciary of massive corruption is arrested after already being fired' So, Hamas representative DENIES that he offered recognition of Israel's right to exist on Palestinian land and nullify its charter' China condemns US call for unrestricted internet' India We hide in jungles during day, come to village at night. We dont want to be arrested by police who come to our villages during day. Security forces destroyed foodgrains from previous harvest. Civil rights team members strangled, assaulted repeatedly  right outside police station.' China is now making a very real effort to export its culture to the worlds poorest continent. It will be interesting to see how mutual the traffic is.' Human rights campaigners who have been struggling for years to eliminate female genital mutilation in West Africa got a boost this week as news emerged that a group of Muslim clerics and scholars in Mauritania had declared a fatwa, or religious decree, against the practice. ' The scanner caught a subject's cell phone and Swiss Army knife  and the microphone he was wearing  but missed all the components to make a bomb that he hid on his body... Fullbody scanners they're not just a dumb idea, they don't actually work. ' China rebuffs Clinton warning that who disrupt the free flow of information in our society pose a threat to our economy, our government and our civil society. Countries or individuals that engage in cyberattacks should face consequences and international condemnation' Heavy Fighting in Nigeria between Christian and Muslims continues. More than 460 people died and 18,000 are homeless due to the continuing violence which began on Sunday.' German TV highlights failings of body scanners (Worth looking even if you don't speak german) Haiti earthquake aid pledged by country' Venezuela steps up aid effort to Haiti, questions US military deployment' The North Koreans broke my body. But they could not reach my soul, she says. ' Hugo Chavez says U.S. possess an earthquake weapon that caused Haiti's earthquake You are seeing apartheid in action, you cant believe what you are seeing, he said. Israel has no right to be doing a thing in the West Bank, under any international law; they shouldnt be taking an inch of it. ' Europe applauds Obama 's initiative to restrict the activities of big U.S. banks and calls for an international agreement Turkish police on Friday rounded up 120 people suspected of links to the alQaida terror network in simultaneous predawn raids in 16 provinces' Juarez, the Bagdad of Mexico, right on the US border, is now occupied by the Mexican Army to protect it from drug gangs.' Israel has paid the United Nations $10.5 million for property damage and injuries the world body suffered during Israel's attack on Gaza a year ago. The U.N. agrees that the financial issues relating to those incidents ... are concluded, spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters. Eh?' Police kill man in Haiti over allegedly stolen rice, article includes graphic footage of the incident' Everyone knows about hitting a child at 30 mph versus hitting them at 40 mph, but how many people know you should always drag a bloodied intruder back into your house before calling the police?' Haiti 360....AMAZING!' Exwife lies about child sex abuse during custody battle. Although acquitted, husband loses kids, house and job while fighting allegations and decides to charge her for perjury.  Exwife threatens to Kill Bill.' Somali Pirates want to send loot confiscated from rich countries to Haiti The humanitarian aid to Haiti can not be controlled by the United States and European countries; they have no moral authority to do so. They are the ones pirating mankind for many years' UK Terror level raised to 'severe' So...is there an election coming up? Orwell has nothing on this CCTV in the sky  police forces in the UK planning on using militarystyle spy drones for routine monitoring of civilians. ' China's absolute levels of poverty and illiteracy have doubled since 2000. In India, they've been halved. The urbanrural income gap has steadily declined since the early '90s. Over the past decade, economic growth in rural India has outpaced growth in urban areas by almost 40%. I was a British Ambassador at the time of the events covered by the Iraq Inquiry. I know many of the witnesses and a great deal of the background. I can therefore see right through the smooth presentation. Jack Straw was the smoothest of all  but he told lie after lie. ' Venezuelan oil could be double that of Saudi Arabia' Hamas Will not recognize Israel' Despite the fact China is facing fast aging and sex ratio imbalance, the country will continue its lowbirth policy due to the pressure of population growth.n' Iraq littered with contamination Over 40 sites with radiation or dioxins linked to cancer, birth defects, ill health.' Legal row as social networkers escape in suicide machine' Almost a third of the runners who finished in the top 100 have since been disqualified for cheating in the race in the southern port city of Xiamen.' The number of people surviving on less than $1 a day shrank rapidly in the decades leading up to 2006' Haitian woman, aged 84, found alive in quake rubble after 10 days' nIsraelis protest over 'fascist' Jerusalem settlements Found this great and simple live news ticker, thought Reddit might like it! ' The Iraqi government has spent over $80 million on useless techedup dowsing rods to detect bombs.' China vs. Google Beijing fights back' US Marines End Role in Iraq as Attention Shifts to Afghanistan' Choose between veil and right to vote, rules SC of India.' Haiti's suffering is a result of calculated impoverishment. Haiti's poverty is treated as some baffling quirk of history...when in reality it is the direct consequence of a uniquely brutalnrelationship with the outside world  notably the US, France and Britain nstretching back centuries.' The IMF has made a loan of $100 million to Haiti. It's interestfree, but that's not good enough. Haiti needs grants, not loans. They say they are working to cancel all Haitian debt, but we need to hold them accountable. Nearly 80 percent of the 300,000 conflictrelated deaths in Darfur were due to diseases like diarrhea, not violence, Belgian scientists said on Friday.' Belarus Calls Russia's Oil Export Duties Illegal  NYTimes.com Cannibalism, child junkies, beaches full of human shit, murder for fun.. Fascinating documentary by Vice magazine about Liberia, one of the most hardcore fucking places on the planet.' A bunch of people came to my village to hang out. They weren't very nice. Evidence relating to the death of UK Govt weapons inspector David Kelly is to be kept secret for 70 years...unbelievable!' Truth over delusion Hugo Chavez did not accuse the U.S. of causing the Haitian earthquake' Photographers fed up with being stopped and searched by British police under UK's terrorism laws gathered in London to protest against the practice China to US shut up about socalled Internet freedom' Scientologists 'heal' Haiti quake victims using touch 15% of the Entire Population of Port Au Prince has been killed' Our message is clear We are planting here, we will stay here, we will build here, this place will be an inseparable part of the state of Israel forever, Binyamin Netanyahu. Is there any hope for peace??!!' Iraq war was illegal, top lawyer will tell Chilcot inquiry' Haiti deathtoll hits 150,000' US to lift 21year ban on haggis Smuggled and bootlegged, it has been the cause of transatlantic tensions for more than two decades. But after 21 years in exile, the haggis is to be allowed back into the United States.' Photographers attend a mass picturetaking gathering organised by the group I'm A Photographer, Not A Terrorist! in protest of stop and search action by police in Central London on January 23, 2010. Text Messages in China to Be Scanned for Illegal Content' I am sorry, but Tibetans are not the peaceloving, serenely religious culture people make them out to be  ' Italy Government wants to clamp down on online video... WTF?!' More Saudi airstrikes in Yemen.  113 Saudis dead  since start of conflict.  What exactly is going on  there?' Video Game Addict Stabs Mother To Death, Plays More CounterStrike' Cable networks cut antiChavez station RCTV off the air after order from the government.' News from the regime that launches agressive wars against its neighbors routinely Israeli minister suggested that Israel was heading for a new war with Lebanon' Dear CNN, every time that Bin Laden makes a new terror video, how about you fucking keep it to yourself? ' Jihad du Jour Suicide Bomber Takes Out Two Children...' Drugs brings more money to Mexico than oil.' The Vice Guide to Liberia ' UNICEF says there should be a moratorium on new adoptions, warning that vulnerable children could be at risk of trafficking or abuse' Excellent new BBC documentary on Israeli settlers in east Jerusalem. Not sure how long this will stay up on YouTube. Highly recommended viewing...' Former UK ambassador CIA sent prisoners to Uzbekistan to be raped with broken bottles and boiled alive' Ireland dumps electronic voting machines, goes back to fully accountable pen and paper.' Israel's prime minister has declared his country would retain parts of the West Bank forevern Italian teen stabs father in fight over PlayStation. Police said the argument broke out when the [father] offered his son advice on tactics to improve his play' Displeased but polite Canadian throws cream pie in the face of Fisheries Minister to protest the seal hunt' Israel calls UN Gaza report 'antiSemitic' BBC News  Ethiopian Airlines jet crashes into sea off Beirut' Israel After Operation Cast Lead in Gaza there were more antiSemitic incidents in 2009 than in any year since World War II' Report Israel opens Gaza crossings, lets in aid' 37 dead, 100 wounded in three Iraq bombings  shortly after 'Chemical Ali' is executed Guatemala moves to arrest expresident on US  request' Fidel Castro on Haiti Cuba `sends doctors, not soldiers' Former PM of Malaysia Jews had to be periodically massacred' Israel underlines refusal to abandon settlement program; wonders why the Arabs are trying to kill Jews.' Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister prevented the entry of a Belgian minister into the Gaza Strip. Your visit will only bolster Hamas  and legitimize it' Osama Bin Laden America will never dream of living in peace unless we live it in Palestine. Therefore, with God's will, our attacks on you will continue as long as you continue to support Israel' China's most senior negotiator on climate change calls for open mind on causes, suggests that it may have nothing to do with human activity A minority government that represents less than half of Canada decided that they can prorogue parliament in the same year that we're going to be hosting the Olympics, the G8 and G20 summits... Senior Whitehall lawyers to tell probe the Iraq war was illegal' Child soldiers are commonly seen as helpless victims of unscrupulous recruiters. But most are not. ' An Ethiopian Airlines plane carrying 90 people crashed into the Mediterranean Sea in flames early today just minutes after takeoff from Beirut.' BBC News  'Chemical Ali' executed in Iraq Hamas Egypt's steel wall benefits the Israeli occupation because it has killed the last lifeline keeping the Gaza Strip alive after two and a half years of siege When there is an emergency, it triggers a vanity parade. Lots of people go there anxious to show that their country is big and important, showing solidarity,  Italian head of civil protection' France considers banning the burqa' Turkey's prime minister Israel Commits War Crimes. Israel Response You are antiSemite. Airline passengers have 'no right' to refuse naked  body scanners Haiti's head Voodoo priest question Church of Scientology operation My cousin, who says that she is hungry and has been sleeping in bushes with dead bodies nearby, stops me. Dont cry, she says. Thats life. No, its not life, I say. Or it should not be. It is, she insists. Thats what it is. And life, like death, lasts only a little while.' Israel cracks down on NGO workers Oxfam, Doctors Without Borders, Save the Children lose work permits' Canada is quickly turning into a police state! Suggesting that a pie in the face is terrorism is what's intimidating!' US Television is reporting riots in Haiti. What they don't tell you is that their own camera crews started the riots. China to jail people who eat dogs or cats' The Great Australian Internet Blackout' Markus Reinhardt, head of security for the Davos World Economic Forum which starts tomorrow has been found dead of an apparent suicide.' Italian official The Americans are extraordinary, but when you are facing a situation in chaos they tend to confuse military intervention with emergency aid, which cannot be entrusted to the armed forces...it was pathetic' Japan 'May Rethink' US Futenma Air Base After Election Residents of the Japanese city of Nago, on Okinawa, chose a candidate opposed to the hosting of an American air base Government ordered police to use all means, including force, to prevent demonstrators across Serbia that blocked roads and railway lines. Both police union of Serbia and Independent Union of Police, announced they will not respect this decision and will not fight the hungry workers' Fox News leaves false report on Haiti uncorrected |  Raw Story' Britain awaits Blair's Iraq testimony  London police brace for protests outside Chilcot commission.n British filmmakers uncover Trajan's hidden Roman aqueduct  Venezuela  Thousands of students marched to protest the government's widely criticized suspension of a TV station opposed to President Hugo Chavez. A Jew a Muslim and some Christians ' Trying to tame Tokyo's adult playground Ministry of Justice lists ecoactivists alongside  terrorists' Report Al Qaeda Weapons of Mass Destruction Threat, Hype or Reality?' Just received this short press release from Christian Peacemaker Teams in the West Bank; doubt any news sources will pick up on it' Worst. Plan. Ever? Britain and Japan have agreed to head an international fund, expected to total up to $500 million over the next five years, as part of a broad plan to help lure Taliban fighters away from the insurgency.' The new Miss England is an Iraqi war veteran who received a commendation for bravery when she disarmed an Iraqi insurgent. She is also very beautiful!. How did we end up with a Carrie Prejean' Dr. Norman Finkelstein Every single member of my family on both sides were exterminated...I consider nothing more dispicable then to use their suffering and their martyrdom to try to justify the torture, the brutalization, the demolition of homes that Israel daily commits against the Palestinians' UN report indicates clear evidence of UK role in torture' Chavez Writes Off Haiti's Oil Debt to Venezuela Shoe thrown at Israel chief judge hitting her face' A bit of insight into the warped mentality of the ultrareligious settlers in the West Bank.  People like this are the true enemies of peace.' Peru in a state of emergency over 7,000 people are left homeless due to severe flooding and mudslides in several regions' Yesterday, they threw water bottles back at us and said, We dont want your water  Why would the Haitians do this?' BREAKING South Korea returns artillery fire from North. Why would they shoot back? ' Secret detention may amount to crime against humanity UN report' Canadian Surgeons go to Haiti on own accord. Now asking government to pay for their troubles.' Blackwater employees indicted for murder in Afghanistan were hired after pasts of cocaine use, assault and battery, and going AWOL.' Hugo Chavez says U.S. is using earthquake as pretext for occupying Haiti' WHO 'exaggerated swine flu danger'  Who Made the Profits? Robert Fisk The treelined bunkers that could change the face of the MiddlenEast. The border looks peaceful, but Hizbollah and Israel are preparing for war. This is no game. The Israeli army wants to revenge itself on the Hizbollah,nwhich humiliated it in 2006.' Plan considered to buy off Taliban' Honduras Cesar Silva and Edwin Renn Fajardo Argueta documented government repression in 2009. This is the video Cesar and Edwin tried to share. This is the video Cesar was tortured for. This is the video Edwin died for.' some object to the practice in some regions of beating dogs to death to release the blood into the meat.' Canada's spin on homegrown extremism  A man plotting mass murder in Toronto sought to profit financially from his terrorism' The Iraq inquiry isnt going anywhere fast, so many lies!' Embarking on singlechild policy in Bangladeshn' 30,000,000,000 square feet of commercial real estate being constructed in China. That's one cubicle for every man, woman and child in the country. Massive new effort to end the war in Afghanistan by trying to buy off the Taliban US$500million for jobs and protection' Supreme Leader of Iran Israel poses major threat to Muslim world, one day regional nations will definitely witness the destruction of the Zionist regime' Constituent harassed by Telegraph readers after sending email to Tory PPC' Worst year 'since Holocaust' for antisemitism; the  Community Security Trust recorded more  antisemitic incidents in the first six months of 2009  than it has done in any previous entire year Howard Zinn, arguably one of the most important scholars of our time, is dead. ' Danish Bank wont invest in Israeli companies who's reportedly been involved in construction of Jewish settlements and the Apartheid Wall in the West Bank. When is a terrorist not a terrorist? When he's a rabbi firebombing a mosque [Video] Dr Finkelstein responds to crocodile tears of a zionist If you had any heart in you, you would be crying for the Palestinians' Howard Zinn (RIP) & Noam Chomsky discuss The Lord of the Rings One of the problems with the perspective offered by the ManElf coalition is that you have to try so hard to get at the truth of the conflict, at what is really going on; it's so obscured by their propaganda and relentless militarism.' Haiti girl rescued after 15 days. I can't even go without reddit for 15 hours... Watch all of Democracy Now!'s excellent reports from Haiti. See what the main stream media isn't showing you. Agriculture in much of India is dying. The village economy is in crisis, assailed by migration to the cities, decades of ecological neglect, and the growing unsustainability of farming. According to a recent report, almost 200,000 farmers committed suicide between 1997 and 2009.' Street vendors openly sell U.S.donated rice by the cupful from bags marked not for resale.' Two former prisoners of Auschwitz are suing the  Bush family for their part in Hitler's rise to power Israel Defence Minister says the conflict with Palestinians poses a greater threat to Israel than Iran's nuclear program The construction of a museum of tolerance in Jerusalem  on the site of an ancient Arab cemetery  has involved mass exhumations.' The way Britain is governed has gone wrong and is in urgent need of reform, a group of former Whitehall chiefs has warned' Haiti govt gets only 1 cent of every US aid dollar' North Korea fires artillery towards South for second day in a row. Doesn't this worry anyone? Is google back in China? Wait... Goojje?' Hans Rosling World development (TED)' India plans to launch its first manned space mission in 2016.' UK's migrant workers oppression, Dubai is heaven in comparison but the tabloids are British  HRW claim Hamas 'DID target civilians in Gaza war' If I sign then that means I am selling my birthrights away.  Wape said later, the police came with their gun.n' Sarkozy US Dollar Should No Longer be Primary Reserve Currency' Traffickers targeting Haitis children, human organs, PM says' Lowslung teen fad switches to armpit huggers by fifth decade' Egypt's poor turn to booze  Bouza is cheap and nasty, but popular alcohol frowned upon by the authorities' We raised $100K for haiti without breaking a sweat. Wikileaks has shutdown due to lack of funds. Let's fix this. Israel has assassinated a senior Hamas military commander in Dubai' 11 Iranian Protesters sentenced to Death' Bills Gates pledges $10 *billion* to vaccine research, largest donation in history' Supreme Court of Canada ruled on that the interrogation of the only Canadian citizen, 15 years old, held at the Guantnamo Bay violated his rights' Medical students routinely practice doing internal  pelvic examinations while surgery patients are  unconscious, and without getting specific consent' LIVE Tony Blair Faces Iraq Inquiry (0930 GMT to 1700 GMT)' BBC website readers air their views on Tony Blair and the war in Iraq and the consensus seems to be that he should be tried for war crimes.' The Hamas leader that Israel apparently killed in Dubai? Well, yeah, Hamas says he died of cancer in the Palestinian media...' Blackwater's Youngest Victim Nineyearold Ali Kinani died from a gunshot wound to the head in the Nisour Square massacre. His father may be the one man standing between Blackwater and total impunity. Families of Iraq war dead voice anger at Blair I would simply like Tony Blair to look me in the eye and say he was sorry. Instead, he is in there smirking' Russia unveils Fifth Generation Fighter  PAK FA  [VID]' The Taliban has won the war in Afghanistan, now the coalition of the willing is negotiating the terms of its surrender which it will present to the Taliban, it involves over half a billion dollars in payment in exchange for an end to hostilities.' Blind faith in a mere mortal brought too many parents to jail. Meet Dr. C. Smith; quack pathologist and head of Canada's largest children's hospital. 65 years after the Holocaust ended, many Jews are asking Is its memory being abused? Does Israel use Holocaust as a blackmail weapon? Norman Finkelstein and Israel W. Charny debate. [video]' Tony Blair opened himself up to a charge of misleading Parliament today when he told the Iraq Inquiry that the threat posed by Saddam Hussein's WMD programme had not increased after 9/11. Jail liar Tony Blair!! People who administer bonecrushing handshakes to prove the strength of their personalities should be charged with assault, says a Labour MP.' Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair denies he made a secret deal with Bush about Iraq' Argentine President  says Bacon Is Better Than Viagra' Italy opens first prison for transsexuals!' Eat Indian, love Indians campaign in Australia' Ireland has embarked on the most difficult public art commission in the history of the state  a monument to those abused for decades at schools and orphanages run by religious orders; even more difficult now because one group of victims says the funds should instead be donated to Haiti.' Russian police this week raided the offices of a prominent environmental group that had protested government plans to reopen a controversial paper mill on the shores of Siberia's Lake Baikal. Homeopathy protesters to take 'mass overdose' outside Boots (sort of a reminder) All countries chip in for the Haiti relief effort Ghana ($3 million); Democratic Republic of Congo ($2.5 million pledge); and Sierra Leone ($100,000). Others are Cambodia ($50,000); Liberia ($50,000) and Senegal ($1 million)' Bloomberg Maybe A Secret Banking Cabal Does Run The World After All   wait, WHAT?' To gasps from the gallery, Blair said we should be  proud of the war ' China threatened to impose sanctions on U.S. arms firms and cut cooperation with Washington unless it cancels a $6.4 billion arms sale to Taiwan, in an unprecedented move signaling Beijing's growing global power. Britain's newspapers have expressed shock at Tony Blair's defiant insistence he had no regrets about removing Saddam Hussein, blasting what they saw as the former prime minister's blind selfbelief. do not watch this if you ever want to feel safe on a plane again' Togo football team quit the last African Nations Cup due to two members of its delegation being murdered; now the team is fined US$50,000 and banned from the next two African Nations Cup.' Tony Blair refuses to regret overthrowing Saddam Hussein and says that even without him having weapons of mass destruction he would have still invaded Iraq? I fail to see how that was his business...' Nineteenyearold Arash Rahmanipour was executed in Iran on January 28 after being convicted of waging war against God and attempting to overthrow the Iranian regime' US halts Haiti victim evacuations in 'medical bill row' U.S. Approval of Arms Sales to Taiwan Angers China' Where Is The Color Green? ' Okay Blair, you're supposed to be a peace envoy, you now want to go to war with Iran? Another Finkelstein video Less dramatic and more rationale this time, explains how real survivors are being cheated by fakers and phonies' The Russians are supplying Libya arms worth $1.8 billion' China Is Leading the Race to Make Renewable Energy!' China freezes US military ties nAfter Taiwan arms sale, China lays sanctions, ends arms control talks.' China mulls military base on Pak soil  Is it a tactic to counteract Indian and US influence in the area?nttttt' NATO airstrike kills 4 Afghan soldiers in mixup' Paulson Russia tried to collapse US banks' Mounting Stresses, Failing States' Tony Blair was branded a murderer and liar but unrepentant, unforgiven, Blair says Id do it again' Italy follows France with a bid to ban the burqa' USTaiwan arms deal leads China to threaten sanctions against US companies' With increasing numbers of natural disasters and more people in harm's way, the capacity of donor nations and the world at large to respond to future crises may be stretched too thin.n The trial of Geert Wilders What started as a plan to bully Islam's critics into silence has resulted in the Qur'an being put on trial. Game Changer China Plans to Open Military Bases Worldwide  It has been speculated upon in opensource intelligence circles for years. So, there is little surprise for the rest of the world when it hears of Chinas first major foray in its new role as a Superpower.' Orphaned, Raped and Ignored Congo's forgotten war, possibly the most lethal conflict since World War II there are things which we just don't face in our society, things we're not willing to talk about. With respect to Afghanistan, one of the things that we don't want to face and talk about is the presence of drug trafficking in the plans of the CIA for controlling remote areas of this world. Thousands protest in Tokyo against U.S. military presence in Japan' China threatens sanctions over $6 billion US arms sale to Taiwan' Israel poisoned Hamas leader' Firefighters clash with police in Northern Spain during a protest against privatization of the emergency services' Gunmen murder a dozen teens, 2 adults, injure many more at house party in Mexico. The men drove up in four SUVs, went into the house and shot at everyone' Israel's remarkable new steps to solve its organ shortage Haitian police have arrested 10 United States citizens caught trying to take 33 children out of the earthquakestricken country in a suspected illicit adoption scheme, authorities say.' Switzerland to hold referendum on whether animals are entitled to lawyers to protect them from abuse.' Petition to bring Tony Blair to trial for war crimes' Reddit worldnews, I am shocked at what the comments on the post about Bill Moyers revealed today.' Last reel for Miramax as Disney closes studio' Japan's whalers are at sea again, harvesting meat that few will eat  Ed Miliband declares war on climate change skeptics' If someone was a suspect in a murder in a first world country one would expect the suspect to be given a fair trial, in a country with no modern justice system one would expect the suspect to be killed by thugs. In Israel the thugs wear uniforms and work for the government.' Israel denies Gaza war crimes in report to UN, but refuses an independent investigation. I wonder why ?' Russia to sell almost 2 billion in arms to Libya.' The rise of 'the African Taliban' I would simply like Tony Blair to look me in the eye and say he was sorry. Instead, he is in there smirking.  Theresea Evans of North Wales, whose 24yearold son, Llywelyn, was killed in Iraq.' In Iran, a few shadowy men guarantee the regime's increasingly shaky grip on power. Will they stay loyal? UN climate change panel based claims on student dissertation and magazine article   Telegraph' Local police hold 10 Americans, including a pastor suspected of trafficking Haitian children ' Moscow police break up antiKremlin protest' Israel admits using white phosphorus Punishes top officials on attack in a UN compound' Terry Pratchett ready to be test case for suicide law' BBC Panorama  A Walk In The Park was left out of the US media. Shocking, I know. It also can't be viewed on BBC's website from the US. If Italy gets stuck with recent fertility levels, and fails to top up with foreign migrants, it will lose 86% of its population by the end of the century, falling to 8 million compared with today's 56 million. Spain will lose 85%, Germany 83% and Greece 74%. Plan to oust Saddam drawn up two years before  the invasion' Chinese reactions to USA's arms sales to Taiwan (in translation from Chinese web forums) Haitian PM Arrested US Baptists are 'kidnappers' Israel admits white phosphorus use  reprimands top officers' Wow, what a great university 30% of ADMITTED  students can't pass an English proficiency exam at  the minimum level Here in Italy, this is the iPhone TOP TEN apps. Yes, a lot of people around here are buying that one.' Ahmadinejad 'Iran will deliver telling blow to global powers on Feb. 11'  As food distribution improves, Haitians want U.S to 'take over'. Wells Fargo's Awesome Refusal to Waive Haiti Donation Fees Goalposts of Greed Moved Back Iraq to sue US, Britain over use of 2,000 tonnes of depleted uranium in bombs' Alarm at Mumbai's teenage suicide trend Woman forced into hiding by Britain's worst stalker attacks police failures Idahoans' rescue effort strikes nerves in Haiti An orphanage says some supposed orphans had families, who had been told their children were going on holiday. Israel closes probe of shooting of US protester  No crime  Big surprise' Japanese protest US military presence nActivists gather in Tokyo to protest Marine base on Okinawa.' Leaked climate change emails scientist 'hid' data flaws  Key study by professor Phil Jones was based on suspect figures Spanish judge to probe Guantanamo torture claims.' The 'explosive admission' in Israel's Gaza report 10 US Baptists detained trying to take 33 children from quake zone across border' China targeting Sikorsky, LockheedMartin, Raytheon and Boeing in US arms deal sanctions' At least 41 people have been killed and 106 injured by a female suicide bomber in northeast Baghdad' Internet uprising overturns Australian censorship law' Scientologists land in Haiti  screw everything up.' FBI and Pakistani police have tortured us. read a scrap of toilet paper tossed by one of the suspects from the window of the vehicle.' Afghanistan, one of the world's poorest countries, is sitting on mineral and petroleum reserves worth an estimated one trillion dollars. China warns Obama not to meet Dalai Lama' Twenty years ago today, FW de Klerk addressed South Africa's Parliament  and stunned the world. United Kingdom to block air travelers who refuse nude scan' Iran to hang nine more over election unrest ' What the hell is going on in Australia these days? South Australia's AttorneyGeneral has defended tougher laws on political comment made on the internet.  ABC News  As details from the Sept. 4 bombing in Kunduz, Afghanistan continue to emerge, it has become more apparent that German commanders both disregarded NATO rules of engagement and misled the US pilots who carried out the attack. One pilot says he would have refused to attack had he been told the truth.' McDonald's abroad outsources its food supply chains to private industry. Today, 20 years after the first McDonald's in Russia, private industry has taken over the last import ingredient hamburger buns. McDonald's Russian hamburgers are now 100% Russian. UN find challenges Israeli version of attack on civilian building in Gaza war' Russia Faces NeoNazi Threat Country's Extremists Killed 71 People Last Year Berlusconi Bring Israel into the EU' European Union must stop letting Israeli spies use its passports to carry out targeted assassination Hamas' Israel slaps wrists of officers in charge of white phosphorous shelling of a Gaza UN compound, claims The most important thing that... we have absolutely nothing to hide.  ' Britain's secret plan to oust Saddam Hussein drawn up two years before Iraq invasion Why does the Catholic church think that being a paedophile preist is OK but being gay isn't. Pope Benedict attacks government over Equality Bill Haitian parents that gave kids to U.S. Baptist missionaries arrested too They promised schooling, soccer fields and even a swimming pool in a better place' Israel feels under siege. Like a victim. An underdog ' Naked man pursues Google' During the final months of the war between the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE, the government confined nearly 300,000 people in what the government called welfare camps in the north. Since early 2008 virtually all civilians fleeing the fighting had been confined in these camps.' An Indonesian man has been given compensation after a cigarette he was smoking exploded, taking out six teeth.' I interviewed John Lennon, and he was no ultraleft radical' Israel attack in flour mill confirmed by UN report Carried out for the purpose of denying food to the civilian population in direct violation of the Geneva Convention and customary international law'