 Why is Shoppers Drug Mart pulling 3,500 copies of Adbusters, my magazine, off its shelves? A week ago, in the National Post, the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC) accused Adbusters of antiSemitism for publishing sidebyside photographs of the Gaza and Warsaw ghettos... A Piece Of Their Mind  Fouryearold conjoined twins Tatiana and Krista from Vernon BC, share not just a skull but part of their brains. One will look at a toy. The other can reach across and grab it, even though her own eyes couldnt possibly see it Did a shadowy organisation just offer to buy the British government? It's all on official record... The American government is illegally running surveillance of Norwegian citizens   Canadian poker pro Terrence Chan [I am] done with America  turned back at the border twice. Just wanted to complete in the nogi World Championships in Long Beach, train some jiujitsu and some muay thai... YouTube begins removing alQaeda videos Globalisation is unravelling before our eyes. 10YearOld Gives Birth in Southern Spain Greece Suspends Outgoing Airmail After Wave of Bombs Khodorkovsky gives his verdict  SOME words become history years after being spoken. Others carry historic weight as soon as they are uttered. The last words spoken today by Mikhail Khodorkovsky, as his 18month trial drew to a close, belong to the second category. Rivers run dry as drought hits Amazon The diary of German author Ernst Jnger, has been published for the first time. Its dispassionate description of life and death on the Western Front is a cold indictment of war  even though Jnger embraced the conflict throughout as a glorious test of manhood Inner Mongolia was once one of the poorest areas of China. Not anymore. The Inner Mongolian city of Ordos now has the highest per capita GDP of any city in China. This ragstoriches story has come to symbolize the rapid development of a nation as a whole. But it's come with some growing pains.  Lada's Theme  blogpost from documentary maker behind The Power Of Nightmares, this time focusing on Lada cars and the rise of Boris Berezovsky. It couldn't happen here, could it? The Consequence of Oil South African doctors fear for their lives Suspected al Qaeda militants blew up the oil pipeline in
south Yemen, the day Sanaa launched a major operation
to arrest a Saudi bombmaker accused of being behind a
foiled bomb plot involving U.S.bound parcels. Israel halts 'dialogue' with UK over war crimes law Ministry of Sound Forced To Suspend FileSharing Shakedown BBC News  Indonesia volcano Mount Merapi in new eruption Oklahoma voters ban judges from using Islamic law when deciding cases. Muslim community calls it an attack on Islam, prepares to sue Turkey reinstates YouTube ban days after lifting it Tamil refugee `Why I fled to Australia' Around the world, concern over the global impact of U.S. elections Somalia vows to release child soldiers in army Canadian couple wins $11.2 million jackpot and gives away the entire thing.  Nearly 100 Toronto police officers will be disciplined for removing their badge numbers or name tags at the G20 summit A court in Vinnytsya, Ukraine, ordered a trade union activist to undergo a forced psychiatric examination after prosecutors argued that he has an excessive awareness of his own and others' rights and an uncontrollable readiness to defend these rights in unrealistic ways. Out of a Dan Brown novel A mysterious organisation offers to pay off 5 billion British debt. WikiLeaks founder urges US to investigate alleged abuse by its troops, as US faces UN grilling over human rights record Senkaku Footage Leaked on to Internet Shows Chinese Trawler Ramming Japanese Patrol Boat ACAPULCOIn another grisly turn in Mexico's drug war, police have recovered 18 bodies from a mass grave . . . the victims were from a tourist group kidnapped in Acapulco a month ago The next human to plant a foot on the moon's surface is most likely to be Chinese or Indian  and that small step could happen as soon as 2020 Two gangraped nurses expelled from hostel in Pakistan  A hospital probe committee has decided to expel from the hostel two trainee nurses who were gangraped in this Pakistani city. The reason The victims violated the rules. Qantas plane (A380) makes emergency landing in Singapore  explosion reported Burma hit by massive online attack ahead of its first election in 20 years.  Lonely carnage abounds in Japan's 'suicide forest'  CNN.com 20 tons of pot seized in an underground tunnel in California! Sundays election could legitimize Burmas military rulers, but why?  It was Burmas army, which gangraped their women and forced their men into slavery. Poor Haiti can't catch a break. Potential hurricane heads their way as millions still live in tents. Airbus A380 plane landed in Singapore with smoke coming out of its underside after and reported midair air explosion. Albino candidate overcomes prejudice  Tanzania's first elected albino MP said yesterday the result was a breakthrough for albinos in the east African country, where scores have been murdered for their body parts to be used in sorcery. BBC News  Haiti cholera deaths rise sharply Colossus the giant Gazan prison  The blockade imposed on Gaza is a powerful psychological device aimed at wringing concessions from Gazans and Hamas. Zweimal Hitler bitte   We feel the absence of Germany's shoulder at the European wheel  Singapore convicts author of death penalty book Why Do Christians Remain Silent About the Persecution of Christians in MuslimMajority Societies? Why Do Feminists Remain Silent About the Persecution of Women in MuslimMajority Societies? Mass grave found in Mexico Bodies of at least 18 people found in grave close to city of Acapulco, after 20 men were reported missing in September. Iran Tightens Security as Subsidy Cuts Loom  China Report exposes Foxconns oppressive work regime. A report on conditions inside the Chinese factories of giant electronics manufacturer Foxconn has provided graphic details of the exploitation facing young employees. The passenger in question was observed at the beginning of the flight to be an elderly Caucasian male who appeared to have young looking hands. During the flight the subject attended the washroom and emerged an Asian looking male that appeared to be in his early 20s. A statue of the Virgin Mary started weeping in an outdoor shrine in Windsor, Ontario. A crowd gathered. The locals got annoyed. The city fathers ordered the statue's removal because it didn't have a permit. I fucking love Canada.  The Kalahari Bushmen, who have lived in Southern Africa for more than 20,000 years, are now being starved off their land to make way for lucrative diamond extraction by Botswana government which partly owns diamond retailer De Beers! Secret British military video of interrogation techniques in Iraq submitted during high court proceedings shows a prisoner threatened, intimidated, subjected to sensory deprivation and complaining of starvation (Warning some viewers may find material disturbing) America, you're not the only ones at it. Interrogation techniques at 'Britain's Abu Ghrai revealed. China is reported to have written to EU embassies in Oslo, urging them not to take part in the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony for the Chinese dissident Liu Xiabo on Dec. 10, but Denmarks ambassador says he will be attending. Cleaning blood from the floor of a mosque Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for mosque strike [PIC] China warns Western countries Stay away from the Nobel ceremony, or else...  China 'concerned' over YouTube video  Tokyo probes Senkaku ship collision upload Explorer who discovered the worlds biggest copper deposit in Chile stakes claim in Paraguay to what he says may be the worlds largest titanium find  an area the size of London WikiLeaks founder says may seek Swiss asylum WTF? In Hungary, a midwife faces five years in Hungarian prison for championing home births Plane with 68 onboard crashes in Cuba, no survivors reported Margot Wallstrm, U.N.'s Special Rep on Sexual Violence in Conflict I want to say we cannot and should not accept [sexual violence in war and conflict as collateral damage]. Sexual violence in .. is criminal. No other human rights violation is routinely dismissed as inevitable. A bomb went off at a mosque during Friday prayers in Pakistan's northwest, killing at least 50 people and trapping others under debris after the roof collapsed. Death toll rises to 122 as Indonesia volcano torches villages We're totally overwhelmed here!  Russia's military reform leaves officers behind No news today  the BBC are on strike The name of my complex is Merapi View. Weve got a view all right. And a soundtrack. Top 5 countries to live in Norway, Australia, New Zealand, United States, Ireland  says the UN Human Development Report 2010 Saudi King gets number 3 on Forbes Most Powerful People list  one spot behind Barack Obama, and one spot ahead of Vladimir Putin Iraqis claim torture by UK soldiers  There are credible allegations of serious, inhumane practices across a whole range of dates and facilities concerning British military detention in Iraq, Michael Fordham, representing the Iraqi group. Second Qantas jet returns to Singapore after engine trouble.  WTF, this is the same engine from the same company from the same airport.  Something is going on. Food & Water Europe report says GE salmon will not feed the world The company producing this [transgenic] fish.. is the only one who will be profiting from it, despite misleading claims that this product could be a means to feed growing populations around the world. Anger as Irish Govt plans handouts of cheddar to the poor. Agriculture minister says it's a means of contributing towards the wellbeing of the most deprived citizens.. EU proposes online right 'to be forgotten'  Websites could be compelled to delete all data held on users at their request, if new European laws come into force. Spain's gays and lesbians to stage 'kissin' in front of Barcelona's cathedral on Sunday, during pope's visit Renowned scholar Noam Chomsky says U.S. invasion of Afghanistan was illegal since to date there is no evidence that alQaeda has carried out the 9/11 attacks. British Election Overturned Because of False Statements The Independent reports that former British immigration minister Phil Woolas lost his seat as an MP today after an election court ruled that he knowingly made false statements about an opponent in May's general election.  Haiti Today  amazing Big Picture photo spread  boston.com US Federal Reserve stokes global currency war. Brazilian presidentelect The last time there was a series of competitive devaluations... it ended in World War Two. Russia Proposes Stopping Daylight Saving Time  Does Britain really need the military?  Our defence spending is misdirected and extravagantly out of date. To guard me from unreal foreign attack the government spends 45bn, but to guard my home and hearth from crime it spends just 6.4bn Over 600 women and girls recently raped along the CongoAngola border during a mass expulsion of illegal immigrants. UN calls Congo the worst place in the world for sexual violence, and even the presence of international peacekeepers has not been able to stop it Let them eat cheese Irish government hands out block of cheddar to every family  Yemen wants USborn cleric Anwar alAwlaki captured, dead or alive... the same Anwar alAwlaki who dined at the Pentagon months after 9/11. Berlusconi government to outlaw street prostitution Opposition critics, Senator Donatella Poretti of the Italian Radicals says, if it weren't so terribly serious, you'd die laughing.  Reputed Drug Kingpin Killed In Mexico Shootout North Korea gets a new PDA.  (seriously) WikiLeaks defectors working on alternative whistleblower site Impunity and Israel the UK will quickly amend a law that has allowed requests for arrest warrants against visiting Israeli officials over alleged war crimes. Chinas Taoism Revival  Chinese religious revival under way, tolerated uneasily by government. Buddhism for middle class, Islam for minorities, Christianity for yuppiesand huge rural boom in Taoism, which mixes religion and philosophy Remember the Chinese artist who wanted to hold a party to mark the destruction of his Shanghai studio? He has been placed under house arrest by the authorities.  Warrant out for Mandela husband  Nelson Mandela's soninlaw is a fugitive from justice  evading arrest on a rape charge while rubbing shoulders with Hollywood actors and producing movies such as The BangBang Club and Leon Schuster's Schuks Tshabalala. The CIA can neither confirm nor deny the 
existence or nonexistence of records responsive to 
your request [of copies of all records of plans to 
assassinate Julian Assange] Emergency crews on Friday recovered the charred remains of the victims of Cuba's worst plane crash in two decades in which all 68 people on board were killed Malaysia The minimum wage farce Surviving Floods, Droughts, and Poachers' Bullets to Save the Elephants | Beautiful Photos Gas avalanche incinerates villagers after volcano blast  Villagers Defend Kosovar Refugee A Roma Teen's Fight to Stay in Germany The Taliban called on the US Congress on Sunday to send
a factfinding mission to Afghanistan to investigate what
they called the lies and propaganda spread by American
military chiefs to prolong the war. Now Sweden accuses U.S. embassy of spying 
Sweden joins Norway in alleging embassy spied on its citizens. Israeli newspaper exposes how gov't helps E. Jerusalem settlements Suu Kyi too hot for Asia's most brutal regime to handle Journalist brutally beaten in central Moscow, has his fingers smashed 18 bodies in mass grave are those of kidnapped travellers, Mexican officials say A member of the farright Swedish Democrats has embarrassed his fellow politicians by by going off on a racist rant in a pub while visiting Iceland. World renowned Chinese artist Ai Weiwei put under house arrest  Western focus on HIV prevents us from curing a billion people Google's explanation on the boundary between Costa Rica and Nicaragua, and the faulty Google map that led to the brief accidental Nicaraguan invasion of Costa Rica last week. Sudan Deliberately Starving NonArab Refugees... High enriched uranium which could be used to make a nuclear bomb is on sale on the black market along the fringes of the former Soviet Union, according to evidence emerging from a secret trial in Georgia. Swedes in shock at King Carl Gustaf sex scandal  Strip clubs, illegal clubs, rented ladies who are naked under their fur coats. Women were simply desserts, used as sweets to be served with the coffee, wrote Katrine Kielos in the daily Aftonbladet newspaper. Feelgood story of the day  Chilean miner crosses finish line at NYC Marathon 413 Afghan parliamentary candidates charged with election fraud  The Moral Hazards of Humanitarian Aid What Is to Be Done?  Journalists too uncritical of aid agencies. They should treat them sceptically, scrutinise consequences of their work, just as they do when dealing with politicians, corporations, interest groups 'Sexual predators' Gang of Asian men weep as they are jailed for total of 32 years for abusing white girls as young as 12 Aung San Suu Kyi to be released days after Burmese election | World news | The Guardian Press freedom in Iraq takes a step backward US 'has no better friend' than Australia NATO to keep nuclear weapons  NATO leaders are unlikely to agree to reduce the defense organizations tactical nuclear stockpiles when they meet later this month, defense officials said Saturday. Korean Banksy draws a rat on a G20 Summit promotion poster. A government official says he is defaming the global event, issuing an arrest warrant, which is later rejected by the court. Vladimir Putin's latest stunt  driving an F1 race car.  What's next? Will he pop up to the International Space Station for vodka and caviar? Voting under way in Myanmar  Polling stations open in country's first elections in 20 years with odds heavily stacked against opposition parties. Elections in Burma officials outnumber voters at some polling stations If you knowingly make false statements about your 
opponent in an election in the UK, you risk the 
election being ruled void after you win. Chilean tourist severely beaten by Jewish extremists 
in Jerusalem, mistaken for Arab. World famous British drugs counsellor caught smoking crystal meth with Thai hooker in Bangkok hotel Leading Israeli playwrights, actors and artists say they will not cross the Green Line  Israel's frontier before it captured the West Bank in 1967  to perform in the new theater in Ariel, an Israeli enclave of 19,000 people. Obama backs India's quest for U.N. permanent seat UK Conservative Party Make longterm unemployed do manual labour A fresh report from the Danish Actionaid Denmark, Greenpeace and Noah organisations among others suggests that biofuel produced from maize or palm kernels causes twoandahalf times as much CO2 emissions as traditional fuel.  Irish Banks Worse To Come  
Ireland bust. Government can't afford to cover guarantees to banks. Mortgage crisis just beginning. Attempts to cut other spending like rearranging deckchairs, when the iceberg of bank debt will sink us  Red Guards Apologize Fortyfour Years Later   At Beijing school reunion, Red Guards in their 60s apologise to teachers in their 80s for Cultural Revolution hooliganism. But no ceremony for teachers killed inconsistent with harmonious mood Last week's blowout of an engine on an Airbus A380 after taking off from Singapore has raised fresh concerns about the superjumbo aircraft and cast doubt on the quality of the RollsRoyce engines that some of them are equipped with. British Navy sonar blamed for 33 whale deaths in Ireland Israel announces 1,300 illegal settler homes for East Jerusalem as Netanyahu starts US visit. A currency war is brewing between the EU and the US  and Britain is caught in the middle Drug Lord's Death Brings Hope, Fear To Mexican City  Servicemen at 'UK's Abu Ghrai may be guilty of war crimes, court hears | UK news | The Guardian MEXICO Violence erupts in Juarez after alleged hit man was slain Israel to build more homes in East Jerusalem  The announcement comes as Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu meets with Obama administration officials about stalled peace talks with the Palestinians. Israeli police demolish mosque in the Negev where Arabs live in villages that are unrecognized by the government, without municipal services like water and electricity. 10,000 Burma refugees flee border fighting For Afghan Wives, a Desperate, Fiery Way Out  NYTimes.com Der Spiegel Interview With German Finance Minister Schuble Emerging from hell, the dustcaked and bloodied survivors of Mount Merapi's worst eruption yet (w/pics) A bush bargain? Remote Australian town offers houses for nexttonothing to lure families ; DIY skills essential, just A$1 a week, Decent countries individuals with dual citizenship from certain countries like Spain are being asked to sign a document in the IDF in which they declare their understanding that their service in the army may result in loss of their foreign citizenship Bar graph Which countries have the world's highest standard of living (HDI)? Don't know if you noticed already, but there is some heavy antinuclear protest going on in Germany this weekend. (50.000+ protesters) World Bank head calls for monetary system linked to gold. EU condemns Israeli building in east Jerusalem Muslim woman has her veil torn off by French extremist in Paris in first recorded case of Burka rage UK English still rules the World, contrary to popular believe over American English according to International Study EU new data strategy will give consumers the right to be forgotten  to ask for your data to be completely removed once it has served its original purpose. Dateline 15 January 2011 for your comments to proposed legislation EUIndia free trade agreement threatens access to HIV drugs  The EU is pushing for data exclusivity, which means Indian generics manufacturers would no longer be able to use existing studies to make identical drugs Ireland slowly locates its disappeared The body of a man killed by the IRA in 1973 is found buried on a beach Update on the Hungarian midwife facing five years in Hungarian prison for championing home births 30,000 Dutch households to receive marijuanascented scratch cards in a bid to uncover illegal urban cannabis plantations Sweden to probe U.S. surveillance 
U.S. embassy had a surveillance system in place since 2000. EU threatens to block Chinese bids for public contracts  The European Union will block access for Chinese companies bidding for publicly funded contracts unless businesses from Europe get the same access in China An article about the aspects of criticizing Israel in Germany Kristallnacht commemorations in Germany will include a speech by Alfred Grosser, a prominent FrancoGerman intellectual who escaped the Nazi regime in 1933 and has become a critic of Israel sparking Jewish ire Mexico, drug war Extreme violence causing widespread social problems First ladys handshake with conservative Muslim raises Indonesian eyebrows
 Kim JongUn promoted to North Korean #2 position following death of National Defence Commission vice chairman. France has offered to grant asylum to 150 Iraqi Christians, including those wounded in church attack. Cruise ship stranded without power after fire Lesbian couple in Australia banned from high school formal The actual shock of losing everything and having to build yourself up again has occupied people's energies for a very long time. Now, it's time to reclaim our history, our culture, our towns, our architecture, our geography before the Israelis demolish everything.
 A Swiss proposal to automatically expel criminal foreigners appears to have the backing of a majority, six weeks ahead of nationwide ballot on the issue. 600 People Arrested For Opposing Nuclear Plant In India Sri Lanka launches porn star manhunt  Sri Lankan have newspapers published pictures of people police said had acted in locally produced pornographic films, part of a courtordered crackdown and the latest sign of growing social conservatism. The Middle East's only democracy?! [Israeli] Supreme Court okays Jewishonly buildings in Jaffa. Report 1,000 Wild Tigers Killed in Last Decade  CBS News Why children are horrifically good soldiers  Theyre small enough to transport easily in large numbers, yet big enough to handle modern lightweight arms...They have no real sense of fear and, when indoctrinated young enough, their capacity for loyalty and for barbarism exceeds that of adults. An Albino gets elected to Tanzanias parliament. One of his goals?  Stop the gruesome trade in albino body parts that has emerged in recent years.   Pilots Association urges airline pilots to opt out of TSA naked body scanners Chinese Justice  Fuck China, Stop purchasing their tainted shitty products... Norwegian Nobel Committee hacked  China could you be more obvious? ExGerman leader Gerhard Schroeder says George Bush is lying in new book Iran fails to get seat in UN women's rights agency; but Saudi Arabia did. WTF? China jails tainted milk activist Zhao Lianhai 2 & 1/2 years for inciting social disorder Is there no end to the lies that George Bush will tell?  Sarkozy signs bill increasing pension age despite protests Former United Kingdom Intelligence Chief all but calls George W. Bush a Liar It takes a certain minimal intelligence for the truly dim to have a notion of their own dimness, but this is denied George Bush. He has the selfawareness of a bison Iraqs Christians urged to flee en masse after more attacks About 400,000 Christians left in Iraq, down from 800,000 before Bushs invasion A father who organized a support group for other parents whose children were sickened in one of China's worst food safety scandals was convicted and sentenced Wednesday to 2 1/2 years in prison for inciting social disorder The Arab myth of western women Oil curse reaches Uganda. Before the oil has even started flowing, it has already caused conflicts over land, speculative buying, and murder  Oil has monetised things such as land which used to be free, and because people are not used to that the whole social fabric is likely to change. Thousands of Yemeni tribesmen vowed to back the government's efforts in its battles against alQaida We will fight against alQaida group as it harmed the reputation of the country, Yemeni tribes and Muslims...We expressed our sorrow to all countries and people who were harmed by alQaida. Top 10 List of Most Corrupt Countries About Costa Rica, Nicaragua, their mutual border, and Google  |  Did Nicaragua really use Google Maps' cartography to justify seizing a bit of Costa Rica? Well, it's a bit more complicated than that, with plenty of history attached. Here's the full story. With lots of maps A fund dedicated to collecting reparations for Holocaust
survivors from the German government was defrauded of
more than $42 million over 16 years by a group that
included six employees and custodians of the fund.  Deadly redbacks invade New Zealand 'Our Export Success Shows How Competitive German Products Are'  In interviews, Germany leaders, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, are defending their country's trade surpluses and warning against currency wars. Her words are unlikely to find a warm welcome in Washington. Save UK carrier force by scrapping Tornado, call from Marine General Aristocracy still owns a third of Britain's land North Korea's nuclear chief arrested for 'passing secrets to a foreign power' Chinese Premier says I believe freedom of speech is indispensable for any country in interview; interview then censored by gov't in China China puts everyone who know Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo under house arrest. Still unclear who will receive the award on his behalf. Respected indigenous Colombian healer arrested at Houston Int'l Airport for possession of the traditional medicine Ayahuasca (with permission from the Colombian government). He's now facing 20 years in prison. A heterosexual couple will request a civil partnership  available only to samesex couples in the UK  to take a stand against system segregates couples according to their sexuality Norway declines funding for mosquebuilding projects from Saudi Arabia due to the lack of religious freedoms in the donor country. Russian assassin 'sent to kill double agent who betrayed Anna Chapman' Thousands Of Students Protest In London Against Tuition Fees And Smash Windows And Start Fires Israeli warplanes bombard Gaza Strip  Amid international efforts to return Israel and the Palestinian Authority (PA) to direct talks, Israeli warplanes have once again bombed Palestinian targets.  Princess Hijab is a graffiti artist who daubs hijabs and burkas on advertising posters in the Paris Metro. China Sentences Tainted Milk Powder Activist to Jail   2 Years For Speaking Out Against An 'Accident' That Killed 6 And Sickened 300K. Mother of five sentenced to death for blasphemy Gold prices break a new record, but in this digital age, isn't basing the global economy on hefty slabs of metal a bit like promoting horse and buggies as a solution to Beijings traffic? Not according to the World Bank. Demonstrator who threw extinguisher off roof 'should face attempted murder charge' El Ponchis, the gangland hitman who is terrorising Mexico.... at the age of 12 Australia's High Court upholds rights of asylum seekers processed offshore by government to avoid allowing appeals Pentagon says mystery plume was caused by plane Ireland's Fate Tied to Doomed Banks  . The story reads like one of those epic lyric tragedies of old, where no one ever learns from their mistakes, and errors compound endlessly China buys up the world | The Economist Anticorruption campaigners have called on Western governments to follow France's lead in allowing an investigation into the assets of three African leaders accused of looting their countries to fund lavish purchases in the rich world. Why cocaine is the drug of choice for British youth  Lines of Latitude  Lawyer issues verdict on JapanChina clash over disputed Diaoyu/Senkaku islands. Japan doubly wrong. Wrong in history to claim ownership of islands. Wrong in law to claim 200mile zone around them South Africa, Congo close to huge land deal  The deal  part of Congo's plan to improve food security by allowing South African farmers to lease land for up to 105 years to grow maize, soya beans as well as for poultry and dairy  will be one of the biggest land agreements on the continent. If sanctions dont work on Iran, what would Lindsey Graham do?  sink their navy, destroy their air force and deliver a decisive blow to the Revolutionary Guard. In other words, neuter that regime. US rebukes Israel on settlements  The secrets of evolution unearthed in Highlands, Scotland Cyber attack on Nobel peace prize website launched. Stay classy, China. Neglected ruins of Pompeii declared a 'disgrace to Italy'  Under international law, the former President's admission to having authorized
acts that amount to torture are enough to trigger the USA's obligations to
investigate his admissions and if substantiated, to prosecute him.
 Claudio Cordone, Amnesty International  The Danish Peoples Party wants pictures of bare breasts in an introduction film to scare away fundamentalists Assertive Chinese Held in Mental Wards  Topless feminists in Kiev, Ukraine protest against Iranian stoning sentence. Aung San Suu Kyi release Burma's military rulers are reportedly on the verge of releasing the country's prodemocracy leader from house arrest. European Commissioner Lambasts Copyright Middlemen How the mittelstand drive Germany's economy A surging German economy gives it little reason to cooperate with US at G20 summit Disney world in which Chinese children 'toil for 76 hours a week' Pakistan sentences Christian woman to death for blasphemy  Photos showing brutal massacre of Tamils by the Sri Lankan army have been obtained by Al Jazeera Canadian Universities Too Asian  White Canadian studentsas interviewed heresteer clear of universities with high Asian enrolment. Too much academic competition, not enough fun. Same situation in CA UC system.  Reasonable viewpoint, or thinlyveiled racism? BREAKING Burma generals sign Aung San Suu Kyi release order  Aung San Suu Kyi 'could be released later today'  'I Am Spartacus' Man Convicted For Tweet; Virtual Protest Erupts Chilean government supports Muslim school girl use of hijab In Haiti, residents of the capital's largest slum have been demonstrating over the cholera outbreak. The protesters say the government and the UN have failed to protect them and vent their anger at NGO's in the country.  A Chinese vase discovered during a routine clearout of a bungalow in northwest London has sold at auction for a record 43million! Costa Rica Gives Nicaragua Another 24 Hours (to remove it's troops) Haiti cholera outbreak prompts fresh UN aid plea ANCYL threatens to close down Twitter, South African internet users respond in the timehonoured traditions of the internet What kind of mentality is that? I can't believe that I need to listen to this in the year 2010 in a Europe that is supposed to be the centre of tolerance and human rights. Others learned these values from you and now you're turning your backs on these values. Croatia Considers VAT on Food and Medicine  In an effort to meet int'l debt obligations and bring the national budget closer to balance, the government of Jadranka Kosor is considering the introduction of VAT on items such as milk, bread and medicines. Since Time magazine instituted its Man of the Year issue in 1927, there have been many embarrassing moments. What is the history of this accolade and why have the editors of the magazine insisted so often on getting it wrong? Poll Wikileaks Assange leading Time 'Person of the Year'  Assange, an Australian who has become a thorn in the side of the Pentagon with his releases of secret US military documents about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, had received 21,736 votes as of Friday. A Jewish surgeon refuses to operate on a patient and walks out of the operating room after discovering a nazi tattoo on the patient's arm. World Battles Naked Body Scanners People from all walks of life are rejecting the mass implementation of radiation spewing airport body imaging machines and fighting back against the molestation and groping that women and children are being subjected to at the hands of TSA officials. The Shadow Scholar  Ghostwriter of college papers tells all. It's not implausible to write a 75page paper in two days. It's just miserable. I don't need much sleep, and when I get cranking, I can churn out four or five pages an hour Drug expert told police Iraq whistleblower David Kelly was 'murdered' Spanish priest arrested over '21,000 child porn images' New Zealand procannabis protesters bomb police station with cart full of burning marijuana. Activists demonstrate outside parliament in one of the happiest protests the political precinct had seen in a long time.  This man is facing trial in Venezuela just for showing a Tshirt that states I shit in your revolution (Spanish inside) Heart Attack McDonald's and PepsiCo to help write UK health policy  Thailand may dump the dollar 
Thai leader calls for country to use China's Yuan instead of US Dollar. Cambodia's first gay town  Make no mistake This is not a place to celebrate sexuality. This is a place for survival. Vietnam The Legacy of Agent Orange A mysterious blogger who set off an uproar in the Arab world by claiming he was God and hurling insults at the Prophet Muhammad is now behind bars  caught in a Facebook sting.  The case of the unlikely apostate, a shy barber from a West Bank town, is highlighting the limits of tolerance of the PA Christian woman sentenced to death in Pakistan 'for blasphemy' Teaching the love of death and war Cuba has condemned the release of a new video game in which United States special forces try to kill a young Fidel Castro. Staterun media said the game, Call of Duty Black Ops, attempted to legitimise murder and assassination in the name of entertainment. The new head of Britain's armed forces, Gen Sir David Richards, has warned that the West cannot defeat alQaeda and militant Islam. Myanmar activist Aung San Suu Kyi finally released Kosovo 'organ trafficking' exposed Why on Earth Would Americans Vote the Old BushCheney Agenda Back into Power? Europeans Are Perplexed  The dog that didn't bark | The curious silencing of Chinas prime minister and his views on political reform 'Fort Madness' Britain's Bizarre Sea Defense Against the Germans   China jails mild scandal activist who campaigned for compensation for victims Hey, Reddit, dont get spunbefore you celebrate, you might want to read this Why it isn't necessarily good news that Burma's most famous dissident may be released. In 2006, a priest was kidnapped, then found 
beheaded and dismembered; 15 churches have 
been bombed and many other priests killed. Iraqi 
refugees tell me that Christian women have 
suffered kidnap and rape Defying Trend, Canada Lures More Migrants Deadly terrorism existed before 9/11 We've been dealing with the same threats for decades. But we used to be a lot calmer about it, less selfdefeating  Under the guise of developing climateready crops, the worlds largest seed and agrochemical corporations are pressuring governments to allow what could become the broadest and most dangerous patent claims in intellectual property history. Singer James Blunt 'stopped World War 3'  refused order from US General to attack Russian troops Haiti cholera death toll passes 900 The world's best poundforpound fighter, the Philippine congressman Manny Pacquiao, wins his eighth world boxing title in eight weight divisions. It's never been done before and probably won't ever be again France has a new antihero bank robber Tony Musulin. French join up to fan club after security guard pulls audacious robbery without a shot fired Forget GDP These Are the Most Advanced Countries in the World  Norway is number one!  Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams to run for election in the Irish Republic  Israel, the world leader in water recycling, has developed a billion dollar industry of exporting its waste water reuse technologies and expertise Capitalism's tough reality for many Russians 'Churchill famously described Russia as a riddle, wrapped in a mystery, inside an enigma...' Experts argue that Ireland will need a bailout from other members of the eurozone Lauren Booth I'm now a Muslim. Why all the shock and horror?  BBC News  Muslim cleric Omar Bakri Muhammad arrested in Lebanon Netanyahu Agrees to Push for Freeze in Settlements 'Slaughter the Jews!!'  40 Angry Palestinians with knives try to beat up a single Israeli student at an Italian University
 Aung San Suu Kyi 'willing to meet Burma's generals' Hassan Nasrallah gave Lebanon Thursday one last chance to save the country, otherwise his party will cut off the hand of anyone who tries to arrest any of its members. What kind of superiority could make anyone that condescending?  General Sir David Richards Why we cannot defeat alQaeda  Somali pirates free British couple Is humanitarian aid bad for Africa?  Most of us believe that humanitarian aid is a morally pure way to respond to suffering in the world. But what if our good intentions are just a newer version of colonialism? The West can only contain not defeat militant groups such as alQaeda, the head of the UK's armed forces has said Memoirs Trigger New Row Over Iraq Bush Made Empty Promises to Schrder A more pragmatic take on Aung San Suu Kyi After Suu Kyis Release, Dangerous Time Sets In There is no rule of law in Burma,...[They're] not releasing her out of respect that she has an important role to play in Burmas political process and national reconciliation.  Bangladesh  More violence over Dhaka eviction Boris Johnson George W. Bush cant fight for freedom and authorise torture. If the Wests aim is to spread the rule of law, it cannot be achieved by vile means Taliban Commander  There are no alQa'ida fighters in Afghanistan any more. I have fought in the south and in the east as well as here. In seven years of operations I have not seen a single alQa'ida fighter. Not one. Settlers torch West Bank olive trees  Israeli settlers have torched hundreds of Palestinian olive trees in the occupied West Bank, in another sign that extremists are targeting a key product of the Palestinian economy. Maariyamma is likely to be killed by her children because they cannot afford her. She is just one of many old parents in a southern Indian state dying in this way. But no one blinks at these ritual murders. Ireland's young flee abroad as economic meltdown looms. A twoyearold girl suffering from leukemia died while waiting for an urgent referral to an Israeli hospital. Since January 2009 a total of 33 patients have died while waiting to access hospitals outside Gaza. Police in Egypt have been accused of beating a teenager to death and dumping his body in a canal. Hong Kong is officially the world's most wasteful city, generating at least 6.5m tonnes of rubbish last year.  Netanyahu presents security cabinet with Clinton's incentive of 20 F35 fighter planes and security guarantees in exchange for 90day West Bank building moratorium An Entire Village Flees Mexican Drug Violence   A Russian Banker And His 7Man Team Beat Up A Dutch Energy Executive Greece's Deficit Revised to Largest in EU as Debt Tops Italy's 'Unlawful sex' lovers sentenced to 100 lashes  A Filipina maid and her Bangladeshi lover will receive 100 lashes and be deported for having sex out of wedlock in Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates, a newspaper said on Monday. U.K. Politician Arrested for 'Gli Twitter Threats Hard questions about the new American handouts with an Israeli settlement representative you will not see elsewhere The Internet's new billion New web users in countries like Brazil and China are changing the culture of the internet. Interpol hunts two Israelis for Kosovo organ trafficking UK Peer Israel feeds global terrorism  A longtime politician with the UK Liberal Democratic party says the Israeli regime is feeding global terrorism by mistreating Palestinians.  Mexico Arrests 12YearOld Cartel Hitman TSA Caves On Molesting Pilots Impending indictments in Hariri killing could shake Lebanon to its core At least 32 killed in building collapse in Indian capital Shanghai highrise on fire Letter From Iran  
Satellite TV channel coowned by Rupert Murdoch floods Iran with Colombian soap operas. Critics say tales of material aspiration and shots of wellbuilt women in halter tops undermine Islamic identity British wife of a millionaire businessman killed in South Africa While you're getting groped by the TSA, here's a reminder of how it's done in Israel High security, little bother Second squadron of 20 F35s is an offer hard to refuse say Israeli defense officials considering it will be free R. Congresswoman RosLehtinen opposes transfer of $150M in aid promised to Palestine; as long as the Palestinian leaders receive unconditional aid they have no reason to change their ways and be committed to peace. McDonald's, KFC, PepsiCo & Mars Invited to Write UK Policy on Diet & Health Death sentence for migrant worker  Reddit! I think we should give this news some priority. Preparing for 2016 Olympics, Brazil invades slums, which are so dense & dangerous it's like attacking a foreign country Guantnamo Bay detainees to be paid millions in compensation for alleged UK complicity in torture and extraordinary rendition. Haitians riot, blame UN troops for cholera Protesters hurl rocks, set fire to police station Mexican paper reports drug war, despite threats My eyes are sweating Hero dog who survived the Afghan war is mistakenly put down at an animal shelter. Haiti rioters attack UN troops  AntiUN riots spread to several Haitian cities as protesters blaming foreign peacekeepers for a deadly outbreak of cholera exchanged gunfire with soldiers. More and more Irish people are leaving the stricken country Mexico's $80M boom industry Bulletproof cars The toll in the collapse of a fivestory residential building in the India capital, New Delhi, climbed to 55 killed and at least 70 injured How I Became An Oligarch  
Speech from Russia's thirdrichest man. Life story, reflections on business environment, what it takes to get ahead. Of all the types of human activity, entrepreneurship is in some sense the closest to war The difference between life and death in Haiti is now an ordinary bar of soap. Pakistan vs. Haiti  Which Received More Aid? (Raw Image) Extradition of 'arms dealer' Viktor Bout goes ahead BungaBunga Nation Berlusconi's Italy Hurts Women  Sultan of the Muslim World | Modern Turkey born as Muslim state. Secular nationalism guided foreign policy for decades. But no more. AKP has exploited post 9/11 geopolitics to restore Muslim identity, bid for leadership of Muslim world While the US government is entertaining mind boggling deficits, a crises plagued economy and printing money like a tinpot dictatorship. It is more than happy to fund others colonisation enterprises. UK government settles out of court with 16 Guantanamo detainees who were held by US forces Google says China is breaking net laws 
Company says China violates WTO rules by limiting net access. UK London Metropolitan Police force closes down antipolice blog on the authority of a single police officer. Ireland isn't working Celtic Tiger becomes sick man of Europe Major spy scandal as Norway, Denmark, Finland, Sweden and Iceland catch the U.S. watching their citizens Freedom Of Speech 1  Police 0. British police try to take down website that advises student protestors on how to avoid arrest. More than 70 websites respond by publishing this same advice Evangelical Christians in Brazil have banned the use of USB connections after claiming the technology is the mark of Satanworshippers. UK Government comes out against net neutrality the market should decide the extent to which service providers can charge for preferential content delivery and slow down other traffic BBC picks up the TSA touching my junk story Ireland ANGRY protesters gathered at the home of disgraced former banker to demand he be thrown in jail Tigers Near Extinction The total number worldwide is fewer than 3,500. Three subspecies  Javan, Bali, and Caspian tigers  vanished during the 20th century. A fourth, the South China tiger, has not been seen in the wild for more than 25 years and is assumed to be extinct Canada's Senate kills climate change bill
 Madagascar military officers claim they have taken the island in a coup Europe's corruption capital How corruption in Greece prolongs its recession, which is pushing a continent to the brink Australia wants to censor all images of smoking on the web.Good luck with that. How China swallowed 15% of 'Net traffic for 18 minutes China's 'Me Generation' Sends Divorce Rate Soaring   Muslims set fire to at least 10 houses belonging to Coptic Christians in a southern Egypt village over rumors that a Christian resident had an affair with a Muslim girl, security officials said. Darfur, Zimbabwe, Burma, North Korea, anywhere that the concept of human rights doesn't exist, it's always the Chinese at backstop. And always for reasons that you could write down in three words blood for oil. Extensive Hitchens interview The suffering of Iraq's Christians  Some call us agents of the West, a Chaldean patriarch said. But when the American bombs fall, they are not especially aimed at Muslims or Christians. Theyre for everybody. Kim JongUn purging senior party and military officials in North Korea Sudan registers to vote to split country Thousands line up to be able to vote on a referendum that could divide Sudan in half Get ready to kiss goodbye to net neutrality in the UK Israeli retreat on Lebanon border may split village Organs and bones were illegally harvested from the bodies of dead nuclear industry workers at Sellafield World's newest nation would start almost from scratch. Doesn't even have a Treasury. Paychecks are handed out in paper bags full of cash. And that's the good news. Prime Minister of Madagascar vows to squash rebellion I don't know what mosquito bit them, but they have broken ranks and committed an error. Yemen's New Escort Service  Starved for revenue and riddled with corruption, the Yemeni navy and coast guard have adopted a novel fundraising strategy guns for hire. Rogue Trader Jerome Kerviel, sentenced to five years in jail for losing almost 5 billion euros of his employer's money  
'I Was Merely a Small Cog in the Machine' Remand request issued for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange  The Local Almost all borrowers in one of Indias largest states have stopped repaying their loans, egged on by politicians who accuse the industry of earning outsize profits on the backs of the poor 13 dead, as strange disease spreads in Uganda We were suspecting viral hemorrhagic infection, but results from Uganda Virus Research Institute have ruled out Ebola, Marburg and Lassa.  Here we go again. Bomb in Luggage found in Nambia on the way to Germany. Lets see what new security bullshit gets create this time. Dutch government wants to ban tourists from buying cannabis in coffee shops, where hash is on sale legally Labour MP Tom Watson has tabled a motion on net neutrality, succinctly explaining some complicated issues Julian Assange challenges Swedish arrest ruling  Chinese woman sentenced to a year in labour camp over tweet Here is a link to the blog by Anna Arden, who is accusing Julian Assange of rape. It is blocked online and I don't know how these guys got it, but Sweden needs to pay attention to the sanity of it's citizens before wrecking Assange's life. What's the newest propaganda for occupying Afghanistan? A rerun of the Iraq refrain There'll be eyewatering violence if we leave. Why 300 million more people are suddenly poor Suu Kyi, UN Secretary General Ban call for release of Myanmar Political Prisoners Drug Cartel Violence Erupts in Mexico's Border Towns | CNN International Arrest order for Wikileaks' Julian Assange issued in Sweden China sentences woman to labor camp for Twitter post French Embassy in Tehran Attacked By Iranian Regime Security Personnel Pentagon says 2014 Afghan deadline aspirational
 India's microcredit industry may be near to collapse  Is China drunk on its new greatpower status, or is its assertiveness abroad a symptom of weakness at home? South Africas largest circulation weekly newspaper, the Sunday Times, this month reached a milestone It is the first national paper to publish an edition in Zulu. Hong Kong diagnoses first bird flu case in seven years Chinas Censors Misfire in AbuseofPower Case   grievance focuses on what Chinese mockingly call the guan er dai and fu er dai  the second generation, children of privileged government officials and the superrich. Economic crash to drive 100,000 out of Ireland Unemployed English Girl to Wed Soldier from Welfare Family  Japan is ageing faster than any country in history, with vast consequences for its economy and society. Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, advises George W. Bush not to bring his book tour to Britain, because he might never see Texas again. At the end of the Haj, Saudi King Abdullah calls for moderation, saying, The perpetrators of terror represent none but themselves even though they appear in the guise of Islam, which is, in fact, far away from them.
      
    
	 Arab News Remember the Reddit story about Costa Rica becoming the happiest country since it abolished its military?  Now Nicaraguan troops are camped on its territory, facing no opposition. For the first time in more than 70 years, the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony may be postponed, amid intensive efforts by the Chinese government to disrupt the event.  Worm Was Perfect for Sabotaging Centrifuges  Experts dissecting the computer worm suspected of being aimed at Irans nuclear program have determined that it was precisely calibrated in a way that could send nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control. Julian Assange hits back at Sweden over rape arrest warrant  WikiLeaks editor says Swedish authorities behaviour is not a prosecution, but a persecution.' Johann Hari The religious excuse for barbarity  Halal and kosher butchery made sense in the sixth century when you needed to be sure your meat was fresh, No excuse for it in modern times. Just plain cruel. If this is religion, it doesn't deserve respect. 'Miners missing' after NZ explosion As many as 30 workers are reportedly missing after an explosion Ortegas Land Grab  
Nicaragua has invaded Costa Rican territory. How will the U.S. respond? 27 New Zealand miners missing after explosion French farmer fined for 'deworming' ducks with cannabis Cannabinoids Reduce MultiDrug Resisant Infections Experts call for ban on HGVs in Britain's cities to protect cyclists Wikileaks founder wanted by Interpol to answer rape charges Few Afghans know reason for war, new study shows Escalation in Gaza For first time since July, and after assassination of two senior Army of Islam members, Palestinians fire Grad rocket into Israel. A Hunger Strike Divides Switzerland Russias Cyrillic Cybernauts  
No need for a Chinesestyle great firewall to contain Russia's internet. Kremlin can just pick up the phone, and talk to Mail.ru, which went public this month, and which controls 70% of Russian pageviews Why Desperate Haitians Want to Kick Out UN Troops The crisis follows decades of economic exploitation and gifts with chains attached  no wonder its citizens are angry British government reports all spending over 25,000. As a group of international experts arrived in Dublin on Thursday, the Irish government finally seemed to admit that it was unable to cope with its massive banking crisis alone. Modern Warfare  Computer worm was designed to send Irans nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control 12 acres of West Bank land burned  by peace activists Scientists Capture Antimatter Atoms in Particle Breakthrough! Abdelrahman was arrested on October 30 by the security services in Khartoum. Noone knows where he is being held. As a consequence of operating as an independent journalist, he has been accused of crimes against the state  an extremely serious offence in Sudan.  92% of 1000 afghan men interviewed in Helmund and Kanhdahar provinces unaware of 9/11 according to UN study One of the Most Highly Decorated Military Personnel in Your Country turns out to be a Psychotic Torturer and Killer.  How Should that Nation Respond?  Here is One Response. Indonesian maid tortured in Saudi Arabia, another beaten to death In room 365 at the orthopedic ward in King Fahd Hospital in Madina, Mustapa looked deformed as if her scalp had been peeled offburns are scattered all over her lean body. Bankers did more economic harm 'than IRA'  The Irish Times  Portugal's drug policy Treating, not punishing IRA threatens to blow up bankers. Is this the nastiest film ever made?                      One US distributor fainted as he tried to leave a screening of A Serbian Film earlier this year, hit his head on the door and ended up needing stitches. The film's British sales agent was left hurriedly trying to clear up the pool of blood. No visa for you  Official US visa refusal rates for 2010, sorted by country According to information obtained by German security authorities, alQaida and associated groups are believed to be planning an attack on the Reichstag building in Berlin, the headquarters of Germany's parliament BBC News  Obama Missile defence shield for all Nato members Lao These are the scars of the U.S. government's nineyearlong secret bombing campaign over this small, landlocked country that borders Vietnam to the east. U.S. bombing records show that over 20,000 missions involving the release of roughly 46 million cluster munitions occurred Dutch government attempts to ban sale of marijuana to tourists   Telegraph Deep rooted corruption in Indian media exposed. Whole Indian media silent.  Fake bomb made in the US caused Germany terror alert
German interior minister says suspicious package found in Namibia was manufactured to test airport security US tanks go in to Afghanistan amid warnings over air strikes toll Gazans shocked at how many neighbors, coworkers, officials are 'spying' for Israel Israeli wanted by Colombia for training rightwing militias released in Russia Thailand Red Shirts flood centre of Bangkok again Northern Mexico's state of anarchy 
 Berlusconi aide was 'liaison' with mafia court ruling Cholera protesters in Haiti capital stone U.N. patrol  Pope Benedict XVI  Male prostitutes permitted to use condoms. Bolivia's army declares itself socialist, anti
capitalist, and antiimperialist. Electrical car blamed for ferry fire Europpean Soccer Star calls for Revolution  Decemeber 7th is Banker Mutiny Day!! An amsterdam artist overlayed modern photos of the city with WW2time pictures she found at a flea market Pope Benedict says condom use justified  for male prostitutes UN removes sexual orientation from list of discriminatory grounds for executions  OKs executing gays. Rights group Amnesty International The U.S must prosecute former President George W. Bush for torture if his admission in a memoir that he authorized waterboarding holds true Israeli courtmartial passed suspended jail sentences to two soldiers who forced a Palestinian boy to search for suspected boobytraps on their behalf during the Gaza Strip war.. basically they would go free So what would a better security system look like for our airports? Some suggest Israelification  a 6layer security protocol Israel uses no nudiescanner, not looking for liquids, your shoes, they just look at you, your face, your eyes Intelligence documents used to argue that Iran had a covert R&D nuclear weapons programme in 2003 had a fatal flaw the drawings showed the wrong missile warhead  Wrongly deported Iranian was tortured Aland Salimi says police in Baghdad beat and starved him after he was flown to Iraq from Britain Indonesian government steps up heat on S. Arabia over worker abuse Monsoon, the fashion retailer, pioneered ethical shopping but internal audits reveal its suppliers used child labour and underpaid workers Report North Korea claims it is enriching uranium at new plant BBC News  Flock of 500 sheep vanishes in eastern Georgia AIPAC Fighting for survival Ireland asks for 70bn EU bailout to rescue banks Honor Killing in Iraqi Kurdistan   More than 12,000 women were killed in the name of honor in Kurdistan from 1991 to 2007 Now Britain's MenOnly Clubs Have to Let in the Ladies Rise of the robots and the future of war Mideast politics Egypt on the brink
 Cougar hires Nigerians to kill young rugby player who has spurned her love....picks the wrong Nigerians When the U.N. ranked the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) in 1971, there were only 25 nations. Now there 50 with the dubious distinction of being the poorest of the world's poor  what happened? U.S. expert saw hundreds of centrifuges in North Korea. India, China buying U.S. coal mines, shale gas fields British mercenaries hired to take on the Somali pirates  Japan plans troop deployment near disputed islands Nikkei The endgame for the peace process Future historians will argue over the precise moment when the ArabIsraeli peace process died.
 
 Tim BernersLee, creator of the world wide web, warns that we need to defend the web, or else it could break up into fragmented islands, led by Apple, Facebook and Google. BBC News  Tigers threatened by extinction as only 3,000 left Vladimir Putin and World Bank chief stage a campaign to double the number of tigers in the wild by 2022, the highest level political meeting to ever discuss a single species. A Russia Today news crew has been detained in the U.S. as they filmed a rally near a military training academy dubbed by critics the 'School of Assassins'. A cameraman and a correspondent have been taken into custody in the state of Georgia, along with a number of activists. WTF...Vatican directive on child protection wont make abuse reporting mandatory 29 Miners trapped in a coal mine in New Zealand. Haven't been heard from in 3 days. Rescuers are yet to enter the mine. At least 339 people killed in stampede in Cambodia's Water Festival 'These are human beings we are dealing with'  Fighting Prisoner Rape in South Africa Gallery of photos from November 15th apartment fire in Shanghai, which claimed 58 people [pics] [6 year old] ALong doesnt actually believe that there is anything bad about living alone, because he has Old Black. Ireland is having a Lehmans moment The next 24 hours will be vital  and not just for Ireland. Iraq has run out of money to pay for widowsenefits, farm crops and other programs for the poor, the parliament leader on Sunday told lawmakers who have collected nearly $180,000 so far this year in one of the world's most oilrich nations. Ireland fears civil unrest as bank crisis deepens  Cell ringtone sparks Indonesian tribal war Cuba cutting everything but security  Cuba is making drastic cuts in public employment and spending but not in its security apparatus, Communist Party documents show. Chihuahua, Mexico  Cartels threaten to hurt students if teachers don't give up their Christmas Bonuses Japan's justice minister resigns after causing outrage for joking about how easy his job was. TSA Forces Woman To Cut Off Her Nipple Rings With Pliers (Video) US Embassy Beijing Air Quality Is 'Crazy Bad'  NPR Republic of Ireland confirms EU financial rescue deal WHO A billion people cannot afford any health services, and paying for healthcare pushes about 100 million people a year into poverty  Israeli Soldiers Avoid Jail in Human Shield Case  Truthdig DebtCrippled Ireland Asks EU for Massive Bailout. Football betting now legal in Vietnam  The Ministry of Finance has decided to legalise football betting for two reasons. First, it wants have control over football betting, which  despite the ban  has been carried out on a massive scale... BBC News  North Korea nuclear plant confirms US suspicions North Korea has fired several artillery shells across its western maritime border, prompting return fire from South Korea Americans favor end of sanctions against Cuba by 21 margin, but count on GOP to stall any freedom to travel bills I am urging you Iranians in Sweden to please email Ericsson and object and say, 'Why are you selling the Iranian government software with which it can control its people', Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi said. India deploys 36,000 extra troops on Chinese border South Korean island of Yeongpyeong, after the firing of North Korean artillery  Photos Kuwait bans the use of DSLR cameras in public places by anyone other than accredited journalists. North Korea fires artillery onto South Korean island. Reports saying South Korea firing back. 378 trampled to death in Cambodia. (Nov 23, 2010) Israel Defense Forces uses Facebook to catch 1,000 draftdodging women who avoid military service by declaring that they're religiously observant  N. Korea shells S. Korean island. Veterans Soviets in Afghanistan  More than 600,000 troops participated in the Soviet Union's decadelong war in Afghanistan, the USSR's largest military operation since WWII. Yet for many in...former Soviet countries, the conflict is one they would rather forget and is regarded with humiliation. BBC News  German Army to Suspend Conscription in 2011 Hm.  South Korea just said that it will only retaliate if there are additional provocations.  Sounds like they've swallowed that frog  bravo for them South Korea threatens to launch missiles at North Korea after deadly clash.  ABSURD Kuwait bans all photography, except for use by journalists Mexican hitman's chilling tale  North Korea opens fire on inhabited South Korean island 14 Soldiers and 2 Civilians injured, South Korea returns fire Two South Korean marines have reportedly died now. Here is the first video footage of the North Korean artillery fire that did it. For months, the secret talks unfolding between Taliban and Afghan leaders to end the war appeared to be showing promise, if only because of the appearance of a certain insurgent leader at one end of the table, who has now turned out to be an impostor. Meanwhile, in North Korea..In a military provocation, the South Korean puppets started firing over the region of the Yeonpyeong Island in the Chosun West Sea from 1300, despite our repeated warnings.  Four S. Korean soldiers wounded by N. Korean artillery fire military officials  'A Large Proportion of Catholic Clerics and Trainee Priests Are Homosexual'  David Berger, a gay theologian who has written a book about his experiences as a senior theologian in the Catholic Church, speaks to SPIEGEL about homophobia and the church's shift to the right. Secret maritime history of the Aborigines in settling of Australia NATO's top civilian envoy to Afghanistan Kids safer in Afghan cities than NYC  Somali Piracy Is a Problem for the World All 29 trapped New Zealand miners are believed to be dead following a second explosion in the Pike River Coal mine U.S. aircraft carrier heads for Korean waters as South Korea warns North Korea of enormous retaliation Swedish cartoonist not afraid after new death threat It's too cold and there is too much snow for someone to try an amateur terrorist act. It has begunChina and Russia drop U.S. Dollar in favor of their own currencies for bilateral trade. 'S. Korea may strike N. Korea's missile base' British national student walkouts begin at 1100am today 100 years since the last Swedish execution  Today it is exactly 100 years ago since the last execution was conducted in Sweden. It was the first, and last, time a guillotine was used as a form of execution. Iranian 'selfdeveloped' S300 antiaircraft missiles oil drums welded together thrown in the back of a truck China, Russia to stop using the US Dollar for bilateral trade North Korea South attacked us first People who make large donations to political parties expect to gain influence and shape future policy, and it is absolutely natural and unobjectionable for them to do so, a major donor to the Conservative party said today Ireland unveils tough austerity plan Can anybody tell me whether this is true or false? RT news claims S.Korea has admitted to firing the first shot; I can't find any substantiating evidence, but would like to be sure. Ten people suspected of planning terrorist attacks in Belgium were arrested in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands on Tuesday. The raids were the culmination of months of investigation into international jihadist activities. North Korea's wellrehearsed performance As the smoke clears, the US and South Korea scramble to respond The world's first tiger summit wrapped up today with donor pledges of almost $330m aimed at making the great cat worth more alive than dead. Saudi Employer Hacks Off Maid's Lips  UN General Assembly Votes To Allow Gays To Be Executed Without Cause...   Cool Associated Press interactive infographic about the North vs. South Korean military matchup Seismic change in The Vatican's stance on condoms confirmed. You cannot anymore raise the objection that any use of the condom is an intrinsic evil. Iran's parliament revealed it planned to impeach President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad but refrained under orders from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, exposing a deepening division within the regime. 29 miners confirmed dead after New Zealand mine explosion ( Irish unveil harshest cuts, tax hikes in history ~ Preview of what is in store for the US? Putin Says Russian Yuan Trade to Start Next Month
 China, Russia quit dollar in trade settlement Three teenage boys have been rescued after drifting in the Pacific Ocean for 50 days in a small boat. The boys had started drinking seawater and had eaten just one seagull during their ordeal. Chinese villagers 'descended from Roman soldiers' Georgian Delegation Hires 80 Prostitutes during Lisbon NATO summit Erdogan Turkey will not remain silent if Israel attacks Lebanon Pressure mounts on Pakistan's president to pardon Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy Chief Ministers for 20 years have been giving away prime real estate to relatives, servants, drivers, maids! Each property costs more than US$ 440,000! South Korea to bolster troops against Pyongyang Armoured carriers enter Brazil slum as security forces prepare to take on drug gangs. Former President charged with raping former employee while serving as tourism minister, sexually assaulting two others as president, and obstructing justice North Korea warned of additional military attacks if South Korea makes reckless military provocations again Israeli activists say Jerusalem police are kidnapping children, interrogating kids as young as 8 years old Boys alive after 50 days adrift in Pacific South Korean Defence Minister Resigns  Europe's debt contagion could spread from Ireland to Portugal  and then Spain Worse than Fritzl Argentine fathers 10 children with his daughter This week, an international commission is meeting to determine the fate of the Atlantic bluefin. Experts estimate the Atlantic bluefin population has declined up to 85% from its original numbers  Obama's humiliating offer to Netanyahu it was made thanks to Dennis Ross (the President's top Middle East adviser), who seems to think that an all carrots, no sticks policy is the best way to deal with Bibi. He's wrong. BRIC leaders discuss multipolar world order, including alternatives to the U.S. dollar as global reserve currency Mexico drugs baron admits tourist deaths mistake Brazil Marines join slum battles, 30 people killed Looked at the picture. Read the quote, I will never let you go when I see your soul in the afterlife. Stop, tears. Stop. Superbug reported in DK

An NDM1 infection has been seen for the first time in Denmark. Ireland to rise again, with or without the euro. North Korea threatens more attacks on South  News Corps paywall around the Times is paying off wonderfully. Readership has dropped by 99.9% and most of those get it free with a print subscription. I didn't understand quite how bad things had become in this country until I saw armed cops being deployed against schoolchildren in the middle of Whitehall. Pregnant woman survives after being stabbed 24 times, shot in the leg, and dumped in a ravine.  Oh and the baby made it as well. Iceland allowed it's banks to fail  and is doing all 
the better for it Video footage shows mounted police charging a crowd of UK student protesters during this week's tuition fees demonstration. Met police issue denial but witnesses tell of terrifying ordeal 'Artillery fire' heard near South Korea island [11/26] Russia finally admits Stalin did order massacre of Polish officers Student protests video shows mounted police charging London crowd Iceland to elect citizens' panel to rewrite constitution 'Wikileaks documents show Turkey helped alQaida'  Wikileaks is planning to release files that show Turkey has helped alQaida in Iraq, according to Londonbased daily AlHayat. The newspaper also reported that the US helped the PKK, a Kurdish rebel organization. The IMF riot is painfully predictable. When a nation is, down and out, [the IMF] takes advantage and squeezes the last pound of blood out of them. If the eurozone falls apart, it will be because Germany did not do enough to save it. If the eurozone is saved, it will be thanks to Germany. This is the greatest challenge to German statecraft since the country was peacefully united 20 years ago. Russian Parliament finally admits Stalin ordered Katyn Massacre If Germany realizes that it faces neverending, and everrising, costs to keep the euro zone intact, and that the victim states will not ditch the euro of their own volition, it might be pushed into a radical move Remove itself from the euro zone and put the mark back into action. Dear Reddit, I've never hated my country or its people more than I do today. Is anyone else getting a little nervous about the horrible timing of this Korea situation and the Wikileaks release, said to be damning to the US? Israeli soldiers who made Palestinian boy search om bags are freed We're going to have a system where the middle classes are discouraged from breeding because it's jolly expensive  But for those on benefits, there is every incentive. Well, that's not very sensible. Mass Exodus From Finnish Church During a recent live televised debate church representatives called homosexuality a sin and questioned gay couples ability to raise a family Iceland elects ordinary folk to draft constitution Flying in Europe? Don't fear a patdown, as European Union governments take different approach than US to airport security The Pirate Bay Appeal Verdict Sadly, Guilty Again! N. Korea warns planned U.S.S. Korea exercises bring peninsula 'closer to brink of war' as Seoul names new defense chief  The costs and consequences of the single 
European currency falling apart are too high for it 
to be allowed to happen Italian students swarmed the Colosseum in Rome and the Leaning Tower of Pisa as part of nationwide protests against proposed budget cuts in the university system South Korea defense minister quits Taliban ...[The Americans] have no right to tell us about democracy and human rights. That's an Afghan issue and it will be decided by the Afghans.
The Americans behave with arrogance ...They don't belong here. They are foreigners, outsiders. In what could be a crucial development, stateowned newspapers in China have blamed North Korea for this week's attack; one even editorialised that North Korea could be a country without a future. The North may have gone too far this time. . . . Nigeria raids Halliburton, arrest 12 in bribery case. Hitchens defeats Blair in religion debate Is it good for the world to worship a deity that takes sides in wars and human affairs, to appeal to our fear and to our guilt  is it good for the world? Canadian Senate pass government's crime bill, S10, which institutes mandatory minimum sentences for a number of nonviolent drug offenses, including a sixmonth sentence for growing five pot plants  The segregation of Jews and Arabs in Israel of 2010 is almost absolute. For those of us who live here, it is something we take for granted. But visitors from abroad cannot believe their eyes segregated education, segregated businesses, separate entertainment venues Thousands protest against Irish bailout | World news | guardian.co.uk Former Miss Universe tweeted Tonight I want to ask you to join me in a prayer for peace, that these attacks between the Chinas do not make our situation worse. China warns U.S. to stay out of it's economic zone.  The freeze being negotiated between the US and Israel is ultimately designed to legitimise illegal Jewish settlements. UK Police wants the power to shutdown websites Lawyer deeply concerned about this proposal if it meant police could act before a conviction had been secured From the classified disasters diverted file Libya tried to blackmail the world with weaponsgrade uranium last year.  US Diplomats say the person responsible for leaking the cables to Wikileaks has been arrested, according to Italy's Foreign Minister.
 Mining below Johannesburg left huge pit now rapidly filling with blood red water. Millions of gallons of the toxic water is rising at rate of 50 ft a month North Korea accused South Korea of using civilians as human shields around artillery positions on an island attacked by the North South Korea Marines vow 'thousandfold' revenge as protesters demand tougher response Study More than 1 in 3 South African men admit to rape Reddit, can you help spread the news of this protest event to the US before December 7th? Its pretty big in Europe but we need you guys in as well! Missing radioactive rods found by FedEx
 Ipsos Reid poll The world is deeply divided on the question of whether religion is a force for good in the world  Saudis agree but not the Swedish Chinese pupils trash dinner hall in protest at cost of meals  Brazil police 'retake' Rio slum Portugal passes austerity budget as speculative attack on Spain intensifies. The European debt crisis intensified Friday, as speculators continued their latest attacks on Spain and Portugal. Meanwhile tensions rose between Germany and European officials over... Haiti spirals into violence Campaign teams attacked, journalists ambushed and murders have spiked ahead of Haiti elections US expecting 'worst case' Wikileaks release Saudi Male Guardianship = Slavery. Year after year, the 42yearold Saudi surgeon remains single, against her will. Her father keeps turning down marriage proposals, and her hefty salary keeps going directly to his bank account. Here we go again... Explosion sounds of artillery fire heard on Yeonpyeong Island, S. Korean official says Der Spiegel Wikileaks to release 251,287 cables and 8,000 diplomatic directives, 1966present, none classified as top secret, only secret Chanos vs. China  The influential shortseller is betting that China's economy is about to implode in a spectacular real estate bust. A lot of people are hoping that Chanos  who called Enron right  is wrong this time. Wikileaks Guardian coverage Wikileaks The whole release is here North Korea's undercover journalists reveal misery of life in dictatorship With its ruthless dictator, network of forced labour camps and iron grip of its ruling party, North Korea is the last country one might expect to see a middleaged woman berating a policeman for demanding a bribe. Wikileaks release in Russia, fear of damage to future US relations  Wikileaks documents show that China was indeed behind attacks on Gmail, US and SK have been talking about a collapsed NK, US has been bargaining with other countries for Guantnamo prisoners, Saudi remains the chief donors of terrorist groups, US clashed with Europe over human rights, and more! US embassy cables Saudi king urges US strike on Iran  WikiLeaks Archive  North Korea gave Iran powerful midrange missiles capable of hitting Moscow; Obama gets China, Russia on board with much stricter Iranian sanctions this page is operated by the North Korean government WikiLeaked cable from Bob Gates Russian 
democracy has disappeared and the government 
was an oligarchy run by the security services Oops S. Korean artillery mistakenly fired on DMZ Wikileaks Saudi Arabia urges US attack on Iran South African government wants to use UAVs to hunt rhino poachers WikiLeaks Archive  Cables Uncloak U.S. Diplomacy  NYTimes.com WikiLeaks 'to highlight Putin and Berlusconi's special relationship'  Wikileaks US spying on UN leadership Cuba to send medical reinforcements to Haiti. The new delegation brings the number of Cuban medical workers in the country to 1,300. New WikiLeaks files 'to reveal American criticism of Mandela' As prophesied, the boy priest grew up to become one of Liberia's most notorious warlords General Butt Naked. Wikileaks Israel urged US to attack Iran China wants to resume talks aimed at denuclearizing North Korea amid rising military tensions surrounding the Korean Peninsula. Japan spots Chinese vessels near disputed islands report The hypocrisy of the media attack on Wikileaks  The traditional media has become so toothless it is reduced to attacking Wikileaks for doing its job properly. Wikileaks cable leak Guardian WikiLeaks asked the US for help redacting potentially injurious information.  The US refused. Defense Minister Kim Taeyoung said Monday [November 29, 2010] that fighter jets and warships of South Korean and U.S. forces will immediately strike North Korean targets should the North launch an attack on the South's soil again. Inside North Korea  exclusive footage    video obtained exclusively by The Sunday Telegraph shows harrowing images of emaciated, fearful North Koreans suffering from food shortages and government oppression. WikiLeaks Red Crescent (Red Cross) smuggled weapons for Iran in Lebanon Among the more epic stories out of the wikileaks cables  75 yearold American escaped Iran riding a horse over a freezing Turkish mountain range The job of the media is not to protect power from embarrassment  It is for governments  not journalists  to guard public secrets, and there is no national jeopardy in WikiLeaks' revelations.
 Wikileaks NY Times release Survey More than one third of South African men admit to having committed rape. That is all. South Korea's President, Lee Myungbak, has taken responsibility for failing to protect the country and said the South would abandon its longstanding policy of not responding militarily to the North's hostile acts. BBC News  Iran nuclear scientist killed in bomb attack Wikileaks US says Berlusconi is feckless, vain, and ineffective as a modern European leader. Surely not Am I the only one surprised by the fact that the Prime Minister of Turkey is beating Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert, and Julian Assange for Person of the Year? Europe OKs $112.53 billion Ireland bailout
 WikiLeaks Ayatollah Khameni has terminal cancer Iranian nuclear scientist was killed and another injured when they and their wives were attacked by terrorists Asia Bibi, a Christian, has been sentenced to death after falling foul of the Pakistan's blasphemy law Rio's drug war [pics] France Wikileaks Threatens Democracy  Authority and democratic sovereignty are threatened by such practices, Francois Baroin said of the WikiLeaks release of classified U.S. documents. If there was such a thing as a French WikiLeaks, we would have to be inflexible (in dealing with it). Maybe the UN should look for a more neutral location for it's headquarters WikiLeaks US diplomats 'have been spying on UN leadership' Canadian Forces have for four years captured children accused of cooperating with the Taliban and transferred them to notorious Afghan security unit suspected of torture Sarkozy's war on journalism  Is the French government resorting to increasingly repressive measures to silence the press? China Makes Urgent Announcement Calls For Emergency Six Nation Consultation On Korean Crisis, Says US/ROK Exercises Bringing War to Peninsula A Caucasus Wedding  
William Burns | US Govt/Wikileaks | 
Shrewd, funny, informative account of bigmoney wedding in Russian Caucasus, from America's thenambassador in Moscow. Much drinking. Many guns. Guests include Ramzan Kadyrov, Chechen president Ecuador offers WikiLeak's founder Assange residency, no questions asked. Wikileaks cables reveal China 'ready to abandon North Korea' Jon Stewart on Saudi Arabia ...we give them money for oil, that allows them to buy weapons from us with a little left over to fund terrorist groups that we must then send our military over to fight, which costs a lot of money and fuel.... A retired French electrician living on the Riviera has stunned the art world and left Picasso's heirs in a state of shock after coming forward with 271 undocumented works of Picasso.... WikiLeaks' Next Target Assange hints that they may soon be going after the people who torpedoed the world economy Add Iran to the list of nations with more progressive drug policies than the US. And the evidence that their policies are working is overwhelming. Wikileaks evades hackers' DDoS with shift to 
Amazon. The US government would not be able to 
remove the diplomatic cables from the internet by 
ordering Amazon to take down the Wikileaks pages 
 partly because the cables are not actually hosted 
there. Harpers  Despite ElMasris protests that he was not alMasri, he was beaten, stripped naked, shot full of drugs, given an enema and a diaper, and flown first to Baghdad and then to the notorious salt pit, the CIAs secret interrogation facility in Afghanistan. China blocks access to WikiLeaks Chinese officials confirm that they want an independent and peaceful reunification of the Korean peninsula and cannot afford to give the North Korean regime the impression it has a blank cheque to act any way it wants. Yes, I'm extremely dangerous for those who want to have instability in our region. I'm extremely dangerous for those who want to create new tensions,  Turkish Foreign Minister referring to Wikileaks disclosure.. Double Kill Two Iranian nuclear scientists assassinated by passing motorcyclists who attached magnetic bombs to their cars. Nasa scientist who testified at the trial of 114 activists who planned to break into a coal plant near Nottingham says their anger was justified.  WikiLeaks boss Assange refused protection by Australian government as full investigation launched Cambridge University students refuse to abandon sitin China acks Korean reunification' and 'would not stop the North's collapse,' according to leaked cable BBC News  Ecuador offers Wikileaks founder Assange residency Will My Breasts Blow Up this Airplane? Seoul, South Korea, prepares emergency shelters amidst mounting tensions in the Korean Peninsula Iran accuses West, Israel for assassinating nuclear scientist North Korea is a very dangerous country . . . It's like having a rattlesnake living in the corner of your living room. You don't want to go over and mess with it; but at the same time, you're not sure how to get rid of it. South Korean defense minister Kim Taeyoung on why the South's retaliation was delayed 13 minutes and not forceful enough, This isn't StarCraft. Iran admits that the Stuxnet virus caused damage to their nuclear program Wikileaks Cablegate Brazil frames suspected terrorists on narcotics charges Obama to Slovenia I'll talk to you for 20 minutes, but only if you take these prisoners off my hands.  You know you're a crappy country when you have to negotiate to even *talk* to the president, let alone get concessions. Noam Chomsky on declaring Wikileaks a 'terrorist organization' Outlandish. ... One of the major reasons for government secrecy is to protect the government from its own population. And suddenly the Julian Assange rape claims reappear... North Korea 'likely to attack again' Sweden celebrates 100 years with no capital 
punishment Back in 2009, Assange We've got 5GB of Bank of America leaks Iraq spent $85Mill. on a detector for guns, ammunition, drugs, truffles, bodies, and ivory. They were unpowered and worked on the same principle as a Ouija board.  Now they realize they don't work, but are still using them. Wikileaks  Israel Overestimating Iranian Nuclear Program The Arctic ice is melting and what are northern countries doing? Racing for resources. WikiLeaks cables Pakistan opposition 'tipped off' Mumbai terror group (too funny) Iran outraged as Star of David revealed on airport 10 Conversations That Just Got a Little More Awkward  Switzerland has voted to automatically expel foreign residents convicted of certain crimes China, one of the biggest Internet censors, took no chances and blocked WikiLeaks website amid embarrassing claims made in leaked U.S. diplomatic memos posted there China Blocks UN Action Against North Korea Moscow's Bid to Blow Up WikiLeaks Russia will build up forces without New START, Putin says Wikileaks Venezuelan Intelligence Services (DIM 
and SEBIN) are conducting HUMINT and TECH 
operations against [US] Embassy staff, as well as 
political opposition leaders and are controlled by 
the Cuban Intelligence Service operating in 
Venezuela. Woah, now wikileaks reveals dirt on russia  WikiLeaks cables condemn Russia as 'mafia state' Lawyer Assange is being persecuted in Sweden It's Probably a Stretch, But Assange Should Probably Stay Out of the US and UK Russia will have to build up its nuclear forces if the United States fails to ratify the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty the two countries signed this year, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin  A senior Spanish investigator alleged to the US that Moscow's strategy was to use 'organised crime groups to do whatever the government of Russia cannot acceptably do as a government'. Recent operations included gunrunning to the Kurds 'in an attempt to destabilise Turkey' and 'arms trafficking'.. WikiLeaks Assange mother says she does not want him hunted down and jailed Hamas says it would honor a referendum on peace with Israel wikileaksxMossad chief calling to use UN tribunal on the  assassination of Hariri to pressure foes to achieve Israel political goals  If you truly support WikiLeaks, why not support Bradley Manning, the US solider who leaked the documents in the first place? Monsanto GMO sugarbeets to be destroyed, court concludes USDA illegally approved biotech crop Wikileaks Cables Reveal That Canada Is Boring Julian Assange and one of the most relevant and intelligent speeches ever...the Oslo Freedom Forum speech Not the Onion Nigeria to charge Dick Cheney in $180 million bribery case, issue Interpol arrest warrant  Britain allowed USA to store cluster bombs on its territory despite international ban Avoiding US Censorship, Torrent Sites May Flee To China   Missing The Point Of WikiLeaks  
With or without Julian Assange, future large leaks are inevitable. The technology is out there. That's good, if we want to challenge the institutions that control our fate, by bringing their secrets to light Russia Below The Surface  At last, an unflinching account of corruption in Russia. Drawn from Wikileaks cables, in which diplomats say privately what no reputable source would say publicly. The crooks are the government. And viceversa Cuba to gradually embrace Capitalism  Atlantic bluefin tuna on the brink of collapse WWF teamed up with supermarket chains and restaurants to press countries to set stricter fishing regulations for bluefin tuna WikiLeaks an American conspiracy, Afghans say WikiLeaks cables Alexander Litvinenko murder 'probably had Putin's OK' Perhaps the reason North Korea stopped shelling is because SK bloodied their nose with its return fire.  selfstyled 'hacktivist for good' who claimed to have carried out the denial of service attacks which took down WikiLeaks over the weekend has been raided by police. WikiLeaks cables Secret deal let Americans sidestep 
cluster bomb ban Unpluggable How WikiLeaks embarrassed and enraged America, gripped the public and rewrote the rules of diplomacy Only 17% of the public believes the Israel's selfdefinition as a democracy should take precedence over its selfdefinition as Jewish New WikiLeaks revelations show Ireland blocking U.S. ammunition transfers to Israel after the Second Lebanon War in 2006 Ambassador reports Sri Lankan President responsible for alleged war crimes Man killed with crossbow at Toronto library  
The man was pronounced dead at the scene after being struck down by the projectile, known as a bolt, police told CBC News. Boss orders female staff to wear red bracelets when they are on their periods Julian Assange, defending our democracies (despite their owners' wishes) WikiLeaks expose US tactic to ignite clash among Muslim nations exPak Army chief Despite accusations that Julian Assange is on the run, The Independent has learnt that Scotland Yard has known his whereabouts for more than a month but has yet to receive official instructions to arrest him.