 MI6 attacks alQaeda in 'Operation Cupcake' British intelligence hacked into an alQaeda online magazine and replaced bombmaking instructions with a recipe for cupcakes Biomass map of popularly eaten fish populations in 1900 versus 2000  they're practically extinct now! UN report three strikes Internet laws violate human rights European racism and xenophobia against immigrants on the rise Nepal census recognizes 'third gender', believed to be a world first Australia raises the minimum wage to us $16.50 
per hour... any young people in the USA interested 
in a working holiday? Facebook shuts down account of Ukrainian opposition civil journalist Brazil has launched a welfare scheme to lift millions out of extreme poverty by 2014, which President Dilma Rousseff calls her government's key priority. In South Africa, WalMart refuses to buy local, threatens WTO action, and wins  The IMF itself should be on trial Bahraini begins trial of Shiite woman arrested for insulting the Sunni ruling family through a poem she read out during a wave of antiregime protests Bahrain Formula 1 race reinstated An Argentine court has ruled that the heirs to the country's main media group must submit to DNAtesting, to see if they were born to leftwing prisoners killed by the military in the 1970s. Yemen's President Saleh 'wounded in palace attack' Terrorist in Chile blinded, has hands amputated after accidentally detonating bomb he was planting

 Hundreds attend faith healing schools linked to fundamentalist Bethal Church  A WAVE of supernatural schools that claim to teach people how to heal the sick and even raise the dead are netting tens of thousands of dollars for fundamentalist Christian church coffers. China The Economics of Killing SomeoneIn a streak of hitandrun cases, the driver has returned to intentionally kill the victim. Israel government 'reckless and irresponsible' says exMossad chief Russia bans European vegetable imports German E. coli outbreak is a killer hybrid  China calls US culprit in global 'Internet war' Syrian forces kill 27 in Hama, crackdown intensifies The president of Yemen Ali Abdullah Saleh and many senior government officials reportedly injured in shelling of presidential palace. For Arab despots, the skies are limited  Arab despots are realizing, to their horror, that the future may hold little different for them than what it held for Ratko Mladic. Will this alter the behavior of leaders in the Middle East? It should 150 boat migrants die off Tunisia WIKILEAKS U.S. Fought To Lower Minimum Wage In Haiti 
So Hanes And Levis Would Stay Cheap Weve Never Seen Such Horror  Human Rights Watch  Shocking report on crimes against humanity committed by Syrian security forces in past two months. Details of systematic killings, beatings, electroshock torture and detention of people seeking medical care (54page PDF) Lone British soldier is surrounded by 30 Taliban soldiers and fights them all off, with limited supplies/ammo. Julian Assange claims FBI tried to bribe Wikileaks staff Tiananmen protesters still jailed in China, 22 years on French President Sarkozy, on behalf of the G8, says that the Internet should be controlled by government because governments are the only legitimate representatives of the will of the people. [Hitler, Stalin, and Mao would totally agree.] France bans the words  'Facebook' and 'Twitter'  from TV, radio Activism of all stripes is increasing on a worldwide scale via a mass awakening in the (still) free market of ideas to be found on the Internet.  Many of the deceptions that formerly took years to expose, are now routinely uncovered by alternative media in a matter of weeks or even days. Nobody is coming to Sony's defense as it continues to be attacked. That says a lot about how the public sees Sony, but is Sony getting the message? Chiquita failed to halt multimilliondollar compensation cases being brought by 4,000 Colombians who claim they or their relatives were tortured or killed in bananagrowing areas by paramilitaries paid by the company French court rules that merely having the word torrent in your domain means you are encouraging infringement Greece agrees to more cuts and tax rises as price of next bailout. Fury on streets. US strike 'kills' key Pakistan militant Ilyas Kashmiri (considered by some to be a possible Osama bin Laden successor) Air radiation at Fukushima I #1 hits highest recorded level so far Hackers have broken into the networks of both the Iranian and the Dubai governments, stealing more than 10,000 email messages as well as system usernames and passwords and releasing them online. Wikileaks no bloodshed inside Tiananmen Square, cables claim 'US drone kills Pakistan alQaeda leader' Ilyas Kashmiri, thought to be mastermind of several deadly attacks, reportedly killed in strike in South Waziristan. France bans any promotional mentions of 'Facebook' and 'Twitter' from TV & Radio news Syria appears to have begun shutting off internet links to the rest of the world. Approximately twothirds of all Syrian networks became unreachable by Friday afternoon as part of a process that began early in the morning. Julian Assange says Wikileaks may take out a superinjunction to protect sources  Telegraph Syrians poured into the streets despite the shutdown of much of Syrias Internet network Protesting the authoritarian rule of President Bashar alAssad fueled by escalating anger over the torture and killing of a 13yrold boy Global Commission on Drug Policy legalise cannabis and ecstasy. Radiation in No. 1 reactor building at highest level yet. Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Saturday it has detected radiation of up to 4,000 millisieverts per hour in the building housing the No. 1 reactor at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant. Despite strong objections of indigenous groups, activists and environmentalists, Brazil approves huge hydroelectric power plant along the Xingu river in Amazon rainforest United Nations Declares Internet Access a Basic Human Right The report comes the same day that a monitoring firm found twothirds of Syria's Internet access has been shut down without notice NSFW Syrian Internet Restored, Dramatic Footage Emerges [VIDEO] Argentina accuses world's largest grain traders  ADM, Bunge, Cargill and Dreyfus  of huge tax evasion All four traders submitted false declarations of sales and routed profits through tax havens or their headquarters, in contravention of Argentinian tax law Noted professors launch new college A group of the world's leading academics have launched a new British university which they hope will rival Oxford and Cambridge. Tens of thousands of people have attended a candlelight vigil in Hong Kong to mark the 22nd anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown in Beijing. Thousands march in Tel Aviv in support of Palestinian state based on 1967 borders The Brazilian tribe that played by our rules, and lost The Kayap people's battle to save their land from flooding as the Bel Monte dam is built follows a pattern across the Americas 'Blood was everywhere' 63 killed at Syria prodemocracy protest, activists say  Where Prisoners Can Do Anything, Except Leave Yemeni crowds celebrate after president Ali Abdullah Saleh transfers power, flies to Saudi Arabia Israeli troops fire on Palestinian protesters Why Are The French So Determined To Run The IMF?  If economics isn't your area, this will make the scales fall from your eyes. Superb, concise commentary on eurozone financial troubles and the IMF, by the fund's former chief economist South Africa The Clashing Rainbow Colours leaders of the ruling ANC, including the President, played the race card remorselessly, in a bid to block the slow but steady rise of the Democratic Alliance, led by a white woman. Europe to open first solarpowered railway tunnel India cracks down on hunger strike led by yoga guru Baba Ramdev  UN Declares Internet a Fundamental Human Right Italian voters run out of sympathy for Berlusconi Residents of Arcore, home to Berlusconi's bunga bunga parties, elect a housewife as their mayor A young female page has lost her job following a very ballsy protest against the Harper regime. During the Speech from the Throne, which is read by the Queen's representative in Canada, the Governor General, the page held up a sign carrying the message 'Stop Harper'.  An Arctic oil rig forced to stop drilling by environmental activists demanding to know owner's respond to an oil leak on the scale of Deepwater Horizon spill Pictures from ravaged city of Misrata (Libya). Yemen president flies to Saudi for treatment,potentially offering a facesaving end to his three decade rule.
 Mexicans protesting a military crackdown on drug cartels launched a convoy protest that will travel through some of Mexico's bloodiest towns on its way to the US border BBC News  Peru election Exit polls suggest Humala victory Indian police break up yoga guru's anticorruption protest Mexico catches state leader of Zeta cartel Radiation at Fukushima Unit 1 'Highest Since Crisis Began'; Steam Rising Through Reactor Floor  German cabinet approves a plan to shut down all its 17 nuclear power plants by 2022; eight reactors will be shut down immediately. Bahraini doctors and nurses charged with plotting to overthrow the monarchy for treating protestors; protests & violence continue. Video of Bashar alAssad's forces planting weapons on civilians after massacring them on the way to aiding people in Daraa [NSFW] Bribery in India A website for whistleblowers Mexico's 'Holy Death' cult rapidly growing Hello, my name is Nikolay, I am 24 years old and I died serving in the Russian army. The bullet hit me right between the eyes; I died instantly. Australian climate scientists receive death threats.
Universities move staff into safer accommodation after a large number of threatening emails and phone calls
 US Missile Strikes Kill 16 in Pakistan Love in a time of torture  how a girl's note got a Syrian protestor through a month of sadistic torture The Arab uprising you most likely haven't heard about, Morocco's Arab Spring Germangrown bean sprouts are the most likely cause of the deadly E.coli outbreak that has killed 22 people and made more than 2,000 ill across Europe, officials said last night.  Greece Back on the Brink  Greece needs even more money  EU officials estimate that a new bailout will cost over 100 billion euros rather than the previously assumed 60 billion.  The economy is shrinking, and ambitious privatization plans are illusory. Egyptian 10yearold expelled for inciting a revolution in Kuwait Humala claims victory in tight Peru poll  Americas  Al Jazeera English (8 out of 10 South American countries now leftleaning)
 The Revolution Blows Up  
Egypts stock market is tanking and its rich are taking their money to Zurich. Will an economic plunge ruin the Arab Spring? 3 nuclear reactors melted down after quake, Japan confirms Turkish police opens fire on peaceful Armenian protestors and arrests dozens Tokyo office workers are starting work early to exploit daylight hours and save power.  Meet the Nepali Soldier Who Held Off 30 Taliban Attackers Alone  The Atlantic Wire Fukushima Radiation Jumps To Record Levels, As Tepco Warns That Heavy Rain Will Cause Toxic Pools to overflow The Knesset will examine possible legalization of marijuana  Oxfam report Food prices 'could doubley 2030
 BBC News  Chile judge orders Pablo Neruda death probe Iraqi government cracks down on protests as reform pressure builds 12th Day of Protests In Greece, Asking Where Did Our Money Go? Anonymous Message to NATO JewishAmerican actor and Star Trek icon Leonard Nimoy voices his support for a Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital. A prominent member of Switzerlands largest political party has called upon federal authorities to arrest Henry Kissinger as a war criminal if he attends the 2011 Bilderberg conference of global power brokers which is set to begin on Thursday at the Hotel Suvretta House in St. Moritz.  Bankers and politicians have turned food into a betting game  The result is soaring prices and starving children
 Macedonia erupts after young man beaten to death by special police in public square. Japan govt now admits 40% of total Chernobyl 
radiation was released in the first week at 
Fukushima Brigette DePape, 21, stepped onto the floor of the Canadian Senate and she held up an antiHarper sign. She was  removed from the Senate chamber, detained by security officials, and fired from her job Mexican drug gangs building own tanks as war 
intensifies A European Generation Takes to the Streets  hundreds of young people have been camping out in central Madrid. And others across Europe have now begun following their example. Protests in Lisbon, Paris, Athens and elsewhere show that Europe's lost generation has finally found its voice. Iceland's exPM Geir Haarde becomes the first world leader to face charges in relation to the global financial crisis Egypt accepts Muslim Brotherhood as legal party  Brotherhood gains official political legitimacy for first time in its 80 years. Germany's four leading nuclearproducing energy firms  Eon, RWE, EnBw and Swedishbased Vattenfall  have cried foul on Merkels plan to phase out nuclear plants. RWE has already filed a lawsuit  The rising cost of food. According to the UN's latest update on global food prices, the cost of basic foods is still 37% higher than it was last year. BBC News  Evidence is mounting that Iran is supplying weapons to the Taliban Syrians in north flee, fearing major massacre Kettling of children at tuition fees protest challenged BBC News  China executes student for murder of hitandrun victim Rebels take major city in Yemen Saudi Arabia plans to build 16 nuclear reactors by 2030 Japan doubles Fukushima radiation leak estimate Saudi house backs women voting right  in 2015without being permitted to run for office.
Women are not allowed at all to drive, cannot travel without authorisation from their male guardian. When in public, they have to cover from head to toe. World food prices set to stay high despite record food production, says UN food agency Prime Minister Stephen Harpers Conservative Party Website Hacked Tripoli hit by Nato air strikes NATO strikes rock Libyan capital Several explosions reported near Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's compound following rare daytime attacks. F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone says Bahrain Grand Prix will be cancelled after 11 F1 teams objected Germany has been doing well economically carrot & stick social programs have pushed people back to work; average real wages up 30% since 1985; tougher down payment rules on houses prevented a bubble; taxes hiked and spending cut to reduce deficits. The UN has declared that Internet access is a human right Net neutrality to be added to Dutch telecommunications act Innocent passerby shot dead by cops in... Montreal, Canada!?  Iran's women soccer team banned from Olympics, because of headscarves Russia defies growing consensus with declaration of 'total war on drugs'  Under new laws being drawn up addicts would be forced into treatment or jailed, and dealers 'treated like serial killers'. TIL North Korea runs statesponsored restaurants all over Asia...the waitresses come from the upper crust of North Korean society and essentially live like prisoners in their workplaces. Carbolic acid has spilled into a river that supplies drinking water to Hangzhou in eastern China, knocking out supplies to more than 500,000 people and creating a run on bottled water  Fukushima nuclear plant may have suffered 'meltthrough', Japan admits BBC News  China aircraft carrier confirmed by general Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone has said that he believes the Bahrain Grand Prix will not go ahead as planned as the teams and drivers involved did not want to take part So Where's Japan's Radiation Going? David Cameron warns Syria that Britain will not stand silent. Australia issues a blanket ban on all live cattle exports to Indonesia after brutality exposed last week How Greek Protesters See The EU In One Simple Photograph The Big Picture  Chile's Puyehue volcano. Ahmadinejad is facing increased political attacks from the supreme leader from continually overstepping his bounds. In Greek Port, Storm Brews Over ChineseRun Labor Wrongly convicted woman freed after 17 years in jail judge blames pathologist who convicted her, now exposed as a fraudster. She was an easy target for Smith and she was an easy target, I fear, for the criminal justice system, Japan doubles nuclear radiation leak estimate 'Farting Camels Must Die to Save the World' Australian carbon plan to unleash killchoppers against dromedaries Yemenis protests after talks rejected Thousands gather outside vicepresident's residence after government rejects proposed dialogue as ridiculous. Japan raises spectre of Fukushima 'meltthrough'  ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation) Fighter jets intercept Russian bombers after flying into Dutch airspace The Netherlands first country to anchor net neutrality in law  WikiLeaks US knowingly supported rigged Haitian election Nigeria The Cost of Oil (In Photos) The nuclear fuel in three of the reactors at the Fukushima has melted through the base of the pressure vessels and is pooling in the outer containment vessels, a meltthrough far worse than a core meltdown and the worst possibility in a nuclear accident. Gaddafi ordered mass rape as a weapon, International Criminal Court claims  Aussie Gay Bar Wins Right To Ban Women  A GAY venue in Collingwood has won the right to ban women to ensure its patrons are not subjected to attempts by predatory females to turn them straight.  New Zealand Justice Minister Govt Will Not Reconsider Internet Disconnection France refuses citizenship to man for his degrading attitude toward women Autism diagnoses take South Korea by surprise  Some families are in denial after U.S. and Korean researchers discover in a Seoul suburb the highest rate of autism ever measured in a general population.



 North Korea defectors take to the Underground Railroad Canada's Auditor General slams government over secrecy on G8 spending plans Peru approves 10 year ban on GM crops. Hedge funds use land grabs in Africa to boost their profits in the food and biofuel sectors. They've also displaced millions of farmers in the process. UK & other European countries must be forced by law to restock their seas so fishing industry has longterm future, demands the European Fisheries Commissioner Obama's secret War Drone strikes renew in Yemen amidst civil unrest Missing gay blogger in Damascus Might be a hoax In Saudi Arabia, Royal Funds Buy Peace for Now  The kingdom is spending $130 billion to pump up salaries, build housing and finance religious organizations, effectively neutralizing any opposition. European parliament refuses to release expenses report. Citigroup reports hundreds of thousands of breached online banking accounts. Chile volcano's ash cloud forces flight cancellations across South America Pirate Bay, MegaUpload, and others blocked by Malaysian government order to ISPs Toxic radioactive caesium has been found in sludge at a treatment plant in Fukushima, while radioactivity has also been found in sewage in Tokyo.  Silvio Berlusconi's record. The man who screwed an entire country Survey strontium widespread in Fukushima Radioactive strontium detected 62 km from Fukushima No. 1 plant Shit's hitting the fan now. More than 300 Tibetan monks have disappeared after being rounded up by Chinese security forces at a monastery for reeducation. One Thatcher ally told the Guardian Lady Thatcher will not be seeing Sarah Palin. That would be belittling for Margaret. Sarah Palin is nuts. Spanish police says that they have arrested the leaders of Anonymous in Spain Formula One race in Bahrain officially cancelled by Grand Prix organisers amid accusations of human rights abuses in government crackdown on protesters Anonymous to NATO Don't challenge us. You won't like it if you challenge us. Goldman Sachs investigated for $50m bribe of 
Libyan official after loosing 98% of Libya's $1.3bn 
sovereign wealth fund. The World Is Consuming More Oil Than It Produces, And Survived 2010 By Drawing Down Reserves The man who screwed an entire country  Leaked cables reveal Israel's plan to battle UN recognition of a Palestinian state Hacker group Anonymous takes down government website in Turkey to protest censorship Heads of state, CEOs and NATO officials are gathering at the top secret Bilderberg conference this week in Switzerland.With these meetings perhaps shaping the future of the globe, All Media  is being shutout from covering the event. A U.N. resolution has justified the targeting of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and a made him legitimate target. Full List Of 2011 Bilderberg Conference Attendees High levels of radioactive cesium detected in Japan's Tea Somali interior minister Abdishakur Sheikh Hassan killed in suicide blast; the bomber was his niece Hackers warn British NHS over security Scientists in Argentina have cloned the world's first transgenic cow, using human genes that will allow the animal to produce the equivalent of mothers' milk. Bilderberg 2011 security fence, or 'a massive white fence of embarrassment'? Suppose Rockefeller, Kissinger, and the Queen of the Netherlands have the interests of the general public written in big red letters at the top of their conference agenda. Then why the fence?  BBC News  Croatia cleared for EU membership in 2013 China warns neighbors Stop oil search in Spratlys Russia has halved electricity supplies to Belarus over unpaid bills, piling on pressure for it to privatise lucrative assets. Shrek, a renegade Merino sheep that hid in caves to avoid being sheared, became a national icon in New Zealand, a country said to have more sheep than people. Gates blasts NATO, questions future of alliance AmericanSourced Weapons Account for 70% of Seized Firearms in Mexico ATF Chinese Official died during interrogation for bribery, triggering protests. Swiss banks to pay billions of dollars in fines and hand over account info of thousands of wealthy tax evaders to US


 5 WikiLeaks Hits of 2011 That Are Turning the World on Its Head  And That the Media Are Ignoring Canadian intellectual property lobbyists caught faking counterfeit data so they could try to enact new border measure provisions that could lead to the searching of luggage as travellers enter Canada Video captures shooting of unarmed man, sparks unprecedented anger A day after a young Macedonian man was beaten to death in the city of Skopjes main square, some 300 people have gathered to protest police brutality and the silence of officials. Stop police brutality! Helicopters open fire to disperse Syrian protesters
 Hundreds of people have been taking part in a weeklong peace caravan in Mexico to protest against the violent drugs war Teens Locked Up and Forced to Give Birth to Kids Sold into Slavery How Can This Happen, and What Can We Do About It?
Last week, BBC broke the story of what has been dubbed a baby farm in southern Nigeria. Now that we know this, what are we going to do about it?  I.M.F. Hit by Sophisticated Cyberattack Choking on the Three Gorges  
Chinas government at last owns up to problems at its monster dam Pakistan troops caught on film shooting unarmed teenager dead at pointblank range Footage of Sarfaraz Shah's shooting likely to further undermine faith in Pakistan's security forces Mexican 'peace caravan' demands end to drugs war Hundreds of Mexicans taking part in a peace caravan to protest against the violent drugs war have arrived at their destination of Ciudad Juarez A disgraced Russian army colonel who murdered a Chechen teenage girl was gunned down in a brazen, contractstyle killing in downtown Moscow Friday E. Coli Outbreak Scientists 'Find EHEC Bacteria at Sprout Farm'  cientists have finally managed to prove that the pathogens that caused a deadly E. coli epidemic in Germany were found on sprouts at a farm in Lower Saxony.  After a muslim preacher claimed that Islam allows men to buy sex slaves, a female politician in Kuwait now argues that Muslim men should be allowed to buy Russian women as slaves. A Russian colonel who was jailed for murdering a Chechen teenager has been shot dead in central Moscow. Syrian army helicopters open fire on protesters The African Union Calls on Gaddafi to Step Down Iceland Is Crowdsourcing Its New Constitution 'Many killed' amid fresh Syria protests  Activists say at least 23 people have been killed, most of them after the army shelled town in northern Idlib province. Beheading increase in Saudi Arabia Bahrain The loathing persists  In the long run the ruthlessness of the ruling family may not ensure its survival  International Monetary Fund hit by large and sophisticated cyberattack Somali minister killed by niece  Antinuclear protests in disasterhit Japan
 Chinese citizens claim Cisco Systems played a role in getting them tortured and thrown into labor camps by helping the Chinese government create the Great Firewall of China, a vast Internet censorship system that the Communist Party uses to spy upon citizens and stifle free speech Openly gay candidate tripped up by controversy in Irish elections David Norris, who would be Europe's first openly gay president, was considered the frontrunner until media associated him with pedophilia.
 Recently Canadian IP Council floated false claims about the scope of counterfeiting in Canada to try bolster claims for increased border measures. The council now try to justify the fake claims with more false numbers 65 years after Gandhi used satyagraha to lead a movement against British rule in India, Gandhism is back, this time against corrupt politicians, bureaucrats and businessmen stashing stolen wealth abroad After 10 years, no security unit is fit to take over from coalition in Afghanistan Jailed Iranian activist Hoda Saber 'dies on hunger strike' A list (w/ pictures) of giant Chinese infrastructure projects Britain may elect the House of Lords starting in 2015 Jordans king bows to popular demands for elected Cabinets, constitutional changes Today Italians vote on nuclear power and Berlusconi's immunity China to begin operating new 300 km/hr bullet train between Shanghai and Beijing Diver Bill Warren plans mission to recover Osama bin Laden's body Congolese children toil in mines to pay their school fees The International Labor Organization (ILO) says there are some 200 million child laborers worldwide. The Democratic Republic of Congo is home to many underage miners. Chris Busby, who earlier published a study showing that Fallujah has an epidemic of birth defects, is about to publish a study in the Lancet that proves that the US used enriched uranium in Fallujah, a type of uranium that is far more radioactive than plain uranium. The Fall of the House of Assad Syrian army 'cracking' amid crackdown  Testimonies from defected soldiers give a dramatic insight into the split apparently emerging in the security forces. 'Syrian army defectors tell of rape, indiscriminate murder'  
Army deserters who fled to Turkey reportedly claim Syrian soldiers raped women in front of their husbands and children, said soldiers were ordered to shoot at unarmed civilians, Hezbollah men serving as regime snipers. Syrian troops accused of firing on locals trying to flee Jisr alShughour Survivors claim government forces shot escaping residents, ambulance men and soldiers who laid down their arms Thousands flee Syria across Turkish border  Pakistan's General Problem  
Pakistani military outsourced soldiering to freelance militants. Shopped for insurgents in markets, set up factories for them in the mountains. Now reaping what it has sown. Pakistan is an international jihadi tourist resort The ash cloud from a Chilean volcano is disrupting flights in Australia Twin blasts in Peshawar of Pakistan kill 35, injure over 100 French television news station France 24 was apparently hoaxed into reporting the resignation of Lamia Shakkour, the Syrian ambassador in Paris. Paramilitary police patrolled the streets of a central Chinese city Saturday following a riot over the death of city councilman in police custody Britain's soil is as dry as a desert, study shows Mexican drug cartels have taken cruelty up a notch, says one drug trafficker kidnapping bus passengers for gladiatorlike fights to the death Andersen Cooper exposes the onslaught by the Syrian government in the most complete manner we have seen yet  elderly getting beaten up, children tortured and brutalized, and soldiers defecting and escaping. Christchurch hit by 5.5 earthquake BBC News  Germany recognises Libya rebels as sole government Despite the Berlusconicontrolled media encouraging voters to stay home, 57% of Italians turn out to vote in national referendum 95% of those vote to maintain public, nonprofit water services, to repeal nuclear development initiatives, and to block trial immunity for ranking government officials. King Abdullah of Jordan has bowed to demands for reform, saying future cabinets will be formed according to an elected parliamentary majority.  Gay girl in Damascus is really a guy in Turkey British fear 'Americanstyle' healthcare system 6.0 and 5.5 Earthquakes hit Christchurch, New Zealand in quick succession  Third day of riots in China New setback for Berlusconi. Referendum in Italy cancels nuclear power projects and privileges for prime minister China's 'Wealth Drain' New Signs That Rich Chinese Are Set on Emigrating Chinese migrant workers have clashed with police for a third consecutive night outside the southern city of Guangzhou.  A prototype airport checkpoint has been revealed, designed to help passengers get to their boarding gate with dignity Belgium goes a year from elections without government Syria Gay Girl in Damascus blog a hoax by US man Israel plans to destroy 35 villages; angers residents who have lived in the Negev for years. The Japanese city of Hiroshima has pulled out of the bidding to host the 2020 Olympic Games. BBC News  US Navy 'stopped North Korean vessel bound for Burma' Jordan Protesters have pelted the motorcade  of the King with stones and bottles The response to Fukushima was marked by crippling mistrust Germany's Nuclear Phaseout  Irate Power Companies to Sue Berlin For Damages Two years after Iran's marred election, hardliners anything but triumphant President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who was declared the 2009 winner by a landslide, and his aides have been dismissed by conservative rivals and clerics as a deviant current in Iran's theocracy Syrian troops detain hundreds of villagers Assad has launched a retribution attack on village of Jisr alShughour after deaths of troops Libyan rebels have broken out toward Tripoli from the oppositionheld port of Misrata, cracking a government siege as fighters across the country mounted a resurgence in their revolt against Muammar Gaddafi. LulzSec strikes again $6.6bn in US cash for Iraq rebuilding 'stolen'  Middle East, World News  Independent.ie Goodyear blimp pilot advises passengers to jump ship moments before its explosion in Germany. Pilot and Australian native, Mike Nerandzic, died a hero. Turkey Arrests 32 Anonymous Members More than 70 percent of 29,284 firearms found in Mexico originated in the US Resisting the Arab Revolution  First Cracks Appear in Saudi Arabia's Forced Calm Bill Gates pledges an extra $1bn to fight disease, asks for help to save another 4 million lives. 1,000's of protesters and security forces clash in China  New Egypt? 7,000 civilians jailed since Mubarak fell  The Same Financial Firms Responsible For Our Economic Crisis Are Driving Us Toward a Global Food Disaster THE Syrian government's attempts to conceal the extent of the crackdown in the country have taken on an Orwellian quality. The Italians have cast their ballots  and for the second time in a few weeks, Silvio Berlusconi was left holding the short stick. The country voted against nuclear energy and against the privatization of waterworks. But it has also become clear that the country has tired of its leader. 32 Anons arrested in Turkey after government website attacks Greece has finally become the country with worst credit rating In Mexico, Growing Popular Movement Calls for End to Drug War  Traumatized by years of violence that have done little to curb the trade, Mexican activists are touring the country, demanding a new approach. Source of Libya viagramassrape story a woman who claims she sent out 70000 questionnaires and received 60000 responses, of which 259 women reported sexual abuse at the hands of soldiers Syrian Unrest Stirs New Fear of Deeper Sectarian Divide  After recent events, Turkish and American officials say they believe that some of the business elite have begun to turn against the Assad regime Nepal free of landmines five years after civil war Japan's cabinet approves bill to bailout TEPCO who will face a total of 10 trillion yen ($124 billion) in compensation claims and will have to raise its electricity charges by 16 percent from next year to cover the costs McKinney said NATO air strikes, quite unlike what NATO says, keep hitting nonmilitary targets. China 'will not use force' in South China Sea disputes Kings sexual proclivities confound even Swedes 
King Carl XVIGustaf has plunged the monarchy into a crisis because of allegations that he visited strip clubs, allowed a friend to pay a gangster to cover up the scandal and lied to his subjects.

 Violent Crime Soars in Athens Arab League states call for suspension of Syria South China Sea China vs. Vietnam   Amid the escalating dispute over territorial waters, Chinas rivals are toying with a simple idea change the name of the sea.
 US, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, and others at UN condemn three strikes Internet laws, say the laws violate human rights Canada to legalize prostitution? Ontario court case could make prostitution and brothels legal.  A 300acre luxury hotel, villa, golf course, & an airport funded by British taxpayers are to be built for the rich on one of the most remote inhabited places in the world, the Atlantic island of St Helena  Plans don't bode well for it's wildlife, flora & fauna, that astonished even Charles Darwin Sri Lanka's Killing Fields is disturbing, revolting, horrific, and without question one of the best pieces of TV journalism on conflict. Channel 4 has brilliantly captured this story in all its horror. I strongly recommend you brace yourself and watch it while you still can.  Yet another Amazon activist killed execution style. Incredible pictures of Libyan Rebels' armaments. Anonymous declares phase one of the plan. The people vs. the system. Angry youths hurled petrol bombs at Greece's Finance Ministry and tens of thousands of protesters marched on parliament to oppose govt efforts to pass new austerity laws Road Rage in Russia  
Moscow's elite has decided it doesn't need to follow the traffic laws. In controversial move, BBC airs assisted suicide on TV  South Korea building a utopian metropolis from scratch 40 miles from Seoul Pakistan reported to have arrested five people for allegedly giving information to the Central Intelligence Agency before the raid that killed Osama bin Laden Bahrain to sue British newspaper The Independent 
over reporting by Robert Fisk Nigeria's pastors 'as rich as oil barons' 'Falklands sovereignty is not negotiable. Period! UK's Cameron Greek state starting to lose grip on functions of state Drug War 500 Cops Raid Mohawk Communities In Canada In Search Of Pot, Coke and XTC  Police won't disclose the quantity of drugs seized, Lino Maurizio noted, given these people don't keep a lot of drugs in their residences for a long time.  Wave of Unrest Rocks China EU ministers seek to ban creation of 'hacking tools' Indian anticorruption activist dies Pakistan's top military spy agency has arrested some of the Pakistani informants who fed information to the Central Intelligence Agency in the months leading up to the raid that led to the death of Osama bin Laden, according to American officials. China has been accused of trying to cover up the extent of lead poisoning among children, and of blocking effective testing and treatment Live streaming of riots and protests outside the Parliament in Athens Greece. Inside, MPs will vote on new austerity measures. Governor's bodyguards found dismembered in Mexico Afghanistan worst place in the world for women, but India in top five
 Vancouver Canuck fans riot after Stanley Cup loss. (Live) Japan three months after the quake Obituary Mietek Pemper  

Polish Jew, born 1920. Friend of Oskar Schindler. Secretary to commandant of Plaszow labour camp, Amon Goeth. Persuaded Schindler to save Jews from Auschwitz by employing them to build arms for Nazis. Drew up Schindler's List Sri Lanka Killing Fields video evidence uilds case for war crimes'  Channel 4 News Taiwan deletes simplified Chinese from official sites For The First Time Ever A Woman Is Running For The President Of Egypt.   They call her the woman who is like a hundred men. She calls herself a girl of the revolution. Thousands of Vancouverites volunteer to clean up the city after last nights riots. Pakistan is blocking food and water from reaching a remote base used by the US for its secret drones programme, severely hampering counter terrorism strategy, according to a senior American official.  Brazil says promarijuana rallies are legal   The magical realism of body counts  6.6 earthquake hits Papua new guinea China and allies back Russia against U.S. missile shield Egypt's alKarama party wants to cancel peace treaty with Israel  June 17 is I will drive the car myself day in Saudi Arabia. Correspondent Caryle Murphy finds out what's it like driving while female in Saudi Arabia. Police commander and his wife slain in Jurez In Greece, we see democracy in action.  Thousands of people come together daily in Syntagma to discuss the next steps. The parallels with the classical Athenian agora, which met a few hundred metres away, are striking. Video provides evidence that undercover police provoked the violence at Barcelona parliament demonstration. Turkey says it will do everything can to help people fleeing Syria. A powerful explosion has hit the Nigerian police headquarters in the capital, Abuja, officials say. Syrians vow to overcome violent crackdown by Assad's troops, The violence is keeping many at home but it is not breaking the movement'  demonstrators refuse to bow to government pressure India A famous yoga instructor, who has a TV show with 30 million viewers, began a hunger strike to oppose government corruption and was joined by tens of thousands. The world's most dangerous countries for women Europe Faces Lehman Moment as Greece Unravels Photos Riots, fire, destruction after Vancouver's loss Wooly mammoth tusks among items seized by Russia customs Lone man stands up to rioters in Vancouver. This is our city. What the fuck are you doing? (crossposted from r/canada) Today, Saudi women defy driving ban and take the driver's seat en masse! South Korea rejects North's demands for return of defectors Fukushima It's much worse than you think Disturbing Images of The Vancouver Riots.  Ban on 'gang culture' haircuts in school is 'indirect racial discrimination', judge rules  This photo essay of a Ukrainian interrogation room is so incredible that I had assumed the lead image was just a staged photo illustration. It's not; it took the photographer 5 years to be allowed access. French burka ban descends into farce  Israeli President warns We're galloping at full speed toward a situation where Israel will cease to exist as a Jewish state.  He states that those rejecting the 1967 borders (e.g. Israeli PM Netanyahu) will lose the world's support. The liabilities of the Greek Government, including pensions, is $1.2 trillion dollars, which is more than $250,000 for every taxpayer Canada, a nation that takes pride in its reputation for peaceful coexistence, wrestled with questions about possible flaws in the national character after a riot in Vancouver Suicide rates are increasing in Japanese regions most effected by the tsunami and nuclear disasters |
			The Australian Danish F16s running out of bombs over Libya  One in four Britons to have names on police database  A quarter of Britains population will have their names logged on a new police database despite millions of those having had no convictions, it has emerged. Dubai says no to body scanners  Fullbody scanners will not be introduced at Dubai International Airport, police have confirmed Chinese officials stole $120 billion, between mid 1990 to 2008, fled mainly to US. Fatal floods hit China forcing over 500,000 to flee Days of torrential rain have forced the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of people in central and southern China.  Satellite Pictures Of Chinese Ghost Cities Vote as I say Independent candidates for elections appear to be a spontaneous step too far for the Communist Party  First Rhino Poached in Swaziland in 20 years (warning somewhat graphic photos and video) Morocco's King Mohammed VI has announced proposals for constitutional amendments in a landmark speech. Syrian people refuse to back down to intimidation Austerity anger in Greece threatens the government  and the whole European economy Syrian forces open fire on protesters; 16 killed Vancouver Looter Turned In By Parents The Guardian exposes the Bilderberg group in fine style British Student Faces Extradition to the US for Linking to Copyrighted Material WiNot? South Korea's Seoul To Blanket The City With Free WiFi UK Supreme Court rules that sex offenders who have had their names publicly registered, eventually will have their names removed  to protect their human rights.  You can blame the Greeks  but they've been betrayed by their leaders  
Shocking examples of kleptocracy by the political elite explain the ferocity of the reaction. And it is this which has repercussions for the rest of Europe UK Tory MP sparked anger by suggesting that disabled people should work for less than the minimum wage Corrupt Chinese Officials Have Stolen $120billion Since Mid1990s Dutch government says goodbye to multicultural society.   Minister Piet Hein Donner of Internal Affairs states that the Netherlands will start a new integration policy South Korean military shoots at civilian passenger plane, mistaking it for North Korean aircraft British student is facing extradition to the United States and up to five years in jail for running TVShack.net. Radiation in Japan Chronic Nosebleeds, Diarrhea, Lack of Energy in Children in Koriyama City, Fukushima  Vancouver rioter caught! TEPCO suspends cleanup at Fukushima plant after rapid rise in radiation levels. Japan Tea with over 1,000 Bq/kg of cesium found in Paris Poor women used as guinea pigs in India for clinical trails. Buildings and mountains appear in China out of thin air. Local residents amazed at the beautiful mirage. Jerusalem rabbis condemn dog to death by stoning 
	US drops charges against bin Laden  Americas  Al Jazeera English
 Mikhail Gorbachev The West Could Have Saved the Russian Economy Pakistani Rangers Involved in Shooting of Unarmed Citizen Face Terror, Murder Charges South Korean troops mistake Chinese passenger plane for North Korean military aircraft and open fire. Austrians aghast at Chinese copy of Alpine village UK  Vets urge ban on adverts for antibiotics to farmers Efraim Halevy, former head of Mossad, talks to The Economist about growing tensions between America and Israel, the Arab spring and stalled Middle East peace negotiations. Fukushima's Plan To Put Radiation Badges On Children Not Pleasing Parents 
	Missing Iraq cash 'as high as $18 billion'  Middle East  Al Jazeera English
 Ban upheld on antiabortion activists approaching pregnancy centre visitors  A German court has told antiabortion campaigners they must not speak to women near a pregnancy advice centre in Freiburg, in the conclusion of a monthslong conflict.  Japan is dangerously contaminated by radioactivity over a  far larger area than previously reported. New data shows  radioactive contamination exceeds safety standards at a distance of 90 to 125 miles from Fukushima. Vancouver riot participant, Nathan Kotylak, apologizes. (The guy that was lighting the rag in the police car.) UN Human Rights Council passed historic resolution that seeks equal rights for all regardless of sexual orientation The E. coli outbreak in Germany has been passed from human to human for the first time NATO airstrikes accidentally kill rebels again China floods  More than two million people are now reported to have been affected by deadly floods (worst since 1955) in eastern China.  (Reuters) Mexican teenage girls train as drug cartel killers 

Germany confirms human E. coli transmission Russia Large population decline (20% expected by 2050) is described by Putin as Russia's most acute problem. Causes are high death rate related to alcoholism, low birth rate, and high rate of abortions. Greeks revolt, polls show majority population opposed to austerity program Pensioner faces '500,000 bill' to challenge bank. Bank of Ireland's refusal to waive legal costs threatens to deny justice to bondholders Cost of metals used in hitech devices soars as China limits supplies   Europium oxide, used in energysaving lightbulbs, plasma TVs and smart phones, has leaped from $1,260 a kg to $3,400
 Western Governments Blamed for Asia's Shortage of Women  Accused of exporting sex selection technology Further protests in Athens, protesting at Syntagma Square Food Prices Soar Due to Floods in China
 Libyan rebels running out of money. The economy is in shambles. One Million SolarPowered Homes in Bangladesh Exposed 500,000 face big offshore tax penalties Syrian forces 'prevent refugees from fleeing' Government troops sweep through northwestern border region to stem an exodus of refugees to Turkey, activists say. South Korean marines fire at civilian jetliner after mistaking it for North Korean military Reputed drug cartel associate 'El Zucaritas' arrested Libyan documents implicating Gaddafi in war crimes found A Scotland Yard officer will appear in court tomorrow accused of killing Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests.  World's oceans in 'shocking' decline Vancouver police received 1M pics and 1000 hrs of video of the Stanley Cup riot A minor girl is raped and hanged from a tree inside a police station. Police brutality touches a new low in Uttar Pradesh, India LulzSec and Anon uniting for global hacking attacks War crimes The world has seen the evidence. Now we must act  In Sri Lanka, Libya, Bahrain and elsewhere, human rights abuses are being recorded and the evidence is on the internet The Guardian
 Postcards from Hell, 2011 Brazil's high court OKs 'Marijuana Marches'  The court ruled in favor of 'Marijuana Marches' as an expression of free speech, overturning several state bans.  What makes the IMF think it's right about Greece? Much of the world remains mired in the worst downturn since the Great Depression; a downturn that the IMF totally failed to predict 'We Will Not Get Involved' in Syria  The US has been critical of Germany for not supporting NATO in the mission in Libya. SPIEGEL spoke to German Defense Minister Thomas de Maizire about Berlin's skepticism of getting involved in Libya and Syria, and about the future of the NATO alliance. Israel arrests four girls, two 15 yearolds, a 16 yearold and a 20 yearold for torching Palestinian vehicles as well as other acts of revenge against Palestinians as part of an a unofficial revenge policy by rightwing Israeli extremists. Madrid 'Europact' protesters take to streets Tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of Madrid and other Spanish cities in a mass march against austerity measures, social spending cuts and unemployment.  The 2011 Failed States Index. Internet body throws open domain names  Big corporate firms will soon be able to replace .com with their own suffixes that identify their own brand Very interesting Bilderberg insight from a guy who was a member for 10 years. Germany set to turn back to coal, gas and imports to fill energy gap left by its exit of nuclear power With 1.2 Billion Inhabitants, India Can't Find Anyone To Be Their Hangman Almost half the world's refugees are from Iraq or Afghanistan, according to a new U.N. report Libyan rebels have proof of  rape and torture of women by Gaddafi loyalists 6.5 Earthquake hits Chile Nato admits civilians died in Tripoli bombing raid
 BP, Shell ban hoodies at Gold Coast petrol pumps after armed robbery epidemic  Civilians including two toddlers among nine dead as NATO admits Tripoli raid killed innocent Libyans. The committee called the disappearance of the money a financial crime but said U.N. Security Council resolutions prevent Iraq from making a claim against the United States. European governments failed to agree on releasing a loan payment to spare Greece from default, ramping up pressure on Prime Minister George Papandreou to first deliver budget cuts in the face of domestic opposition. 

 World's biggest airliner loses wingtip after striking building at Paris Air Show  two months after doing the same thing in New York 19yearold suspected of being mastermind behind computer hacking group LulzSec arrested in UK The cores at Fukushima are laying on the concrete and melting THROUGH the foundations of the reactors. The government wants to build an subterranean dam, but TEPCO is fighting against it. The British Are Now Preparing For Greece To Go Bust, And The End Of The Euro.  Dutch parliament set to approve bill that, if passed, will set an example in Europe as the strongest net neutrality law on record Loyalists open fire on police as 500 riot in Belfast  The violence is being described as some of the most serious seen in Northern Ireland for years. As the world becomes more interconnected, it becomes harder to stand up for human rights. But, says Germany's Deputy Foreign Minister, it becomes all the more important. 2011 Failed State Index Bank of Canada unveils new plastic bills. Video footage of a Tamil journalist apparently executed in the final stages of Sri Lanka's bloody civil war underscores the need for an urgent international inquiry, the Committee to Protect Journalists said today.   CPJ Report Mexico catches top leader of La Familia drug cartel  Vancouver After the Riot [pics] Hong Kong declares scarlet fever outbreak  Thousands infected  in the city & elsewhere in China The UK government may have lost the 2011 census to Lulzsec Syrian security forces have shot dead seven people after government supporters and opponents clashed in three cities, activists say. Chilean court blocks plan to build five dams and hydroelectric plants in the countrys Patagonia region Australia's two major airports face 48 hour shut down as Chilean ash cloud drifts across the south of the country Greek government wins confidence vote Time wars  
How a huge new clock in Mecca is reviving a centuryold clash over what time it is A Map without Israel  Swatiskas intertwined in the Star of David, a map of the Middle East with Israel missing, boycotts of Israeli products Germany's farleft Left Party, many feel, has a growing antiSemitism problem. The issue threatens to divide the party. NATO airstrike in Libya kills 19 civilians Running out of money for food? Buy riot gear! North Korea Palestinian President Abbas says that Palestinians will not turn to the UN if they are given an alternative solution from Israel, US and Europe
 Industrial Strength Censorship  What Sarkozys Civilised Internet Looks Like Germany frees last Red Army faction activist NATO confirms drone helicopter lost in Libya US surveillance drone lost near Zliten, as Libya's state television says aircraft was downed Apache attack helicopter. A homemade heroin substitute is having a horrific effect on thousands of Russia's drug addicts Italy Overwhelmingly Says 'No' to Water Privatization Canada keeps asbestos off UN hazardous list. After charging two men with raping a teenage tourist in Dubai, the government charges her with having 'sexual urges' Defying the tradition of honor killings, Syrians protesters vow to marry girls raped by regime thugs Egypt declines World Bank loan as incompatible with national interest Amsterdam's famous cannabis coffee shops coming to an end, tourists are to be banned from buying marijuana by the end of the year Dutch parliament votes yes on netneutrality. Majority of 1,105 people arrested during G20 have been released without charge Toronto police said they had reasons to arrest people, whether or not the charges held up in court Ban Kimoon wins second term as UN Secretary General Ai Weiwei Released On Bail, Chinese State News Agency Says Russian government bars opposition party from participating in elections Chinese artist Ai Weiwei freed State media's claim that release on bail followed confession to tax evasion yet to be confirmed directly by activist. Bahrain sentenced 10 activists to life imprisonment for plotting a coup during protests Israel to Allow Building Cargo to Enter Gaza Syria says EU sanctions amount to declaration of war Magnitude 6.7 quake rattles northern Japan  CNN.com China told the United States on Wednesday to restrain other countries from provoking Beijing in disputes over contested territories in the South China Sea, warning that Washington risks becoming embroiled in an unwanted conflict. Riots in Belfast Flood of US weapons in Afghanistan and Pakistan fueling militant groups, experts say Antigovernment protesters have once again taken to the streets in Bahrain, demanding an end to the rule of Al Khalifa dynasty and departure of Saudis forces.  Bloody sectarian riot erupts in Northern Ireland Germany's Green Party is growing in size and influence. But with power comes responsibility and a party convention this week will go a long way in determining whether the erstwhile protest party is ready. There are signs that it may not be. Bitcoin 'will recover' from crash South Korean military apologises for firing at a  passenger aircraft after mistaking it for North Korean warplane LEAKED UK copyright lobby holds closeddoor meetings with gov't to discuss national Webcensorship regime Taiwan Blogger Imprisoned For Negative Restaurant Review. Fined and jailed for contending the food was too salty Japan has issued a tsunami alert after a 6.7 magnitude earthquake World's wealthiest people now richer than before the credit crunch, says study The Dutch have passed a law prohibiting internet providers from slowing down traffic unless it's to ease congestion, preserve security or block spam. Toronto police will never again use the controversial crowd control technique known as kettling, which was employed during last years G20 summit Somali man, who tried to kill the Danish cartoonist who drew a cartoon about the Prophet Muhammad, sentenced to 10 years.  Dutch Lawmakers Adopt Net Neutrality Law Ryan Cleary, arrested LulzSec member, threatens to kill self if comp taken away Cannibalism Comes To North Korea Nuclear experts killed in Russia plane crash helped design Iran facility Rightwing Geert Wilders cleared of hate [antiIslamic] charges by Netherlands court Nazi hunting  How France first civilized the Internet The online world is looking nervously at Europe, whose leaders are about to join force to bring civility to the Internet. France leads the cheering squad While we are all consumed by the politics of the day, our oceans are dying faster than scientists have previously thought. How European Elites Lost a Generation  The European Union is in bad shape. Not only is the common currency in a shambles and the economies of many member states moribund, but young Europeans no longer see how the EU helps them. Millions of them are taking to the streets to demand a future.  Grid of straw squares turns Chinese sand to soil  China has struggled to keep the deserts that cover more than a quarter of the country from gaining ground, but soil stabilization and sustainable livestockfarming are beginning to slow rates of desertification. North Korea's Meth Export  On rapid rise of crystal meth addiction in China and its likely source, North Korea. Horrendous that poverty in Kim JongIl's kingdom forces people to take it for things like cancer. This drug is their sole form of medication The daughter of Muammar Gaddafi has launched a lawsuit for murder following the death in April of four members of her family, including her 4month old daughter, during a Nato air strike. Legal papers were submitted to the prosecutor's office in Brussels on Tuesday by a French lawyer. A German Internet platform has been awarded a prize for its role in uncovering plagiarism that forced the popular former defense minister KarlTheodor zu Guttenberg to step down. More than 1,000 users collaborated on GuttenPlag Wiki.  Danish Police want to ID you to use the Internet Sri Lankas bloody secret  If what Sri Lankas Killing Fields shows doesnt constitute crimes against humanity, nothing does  Views  livemint.com Flash flood hits Beijing Staples breached Canadian privacy law by not wiping customer data off laptops and storage devices before reselling them  About 100 women have been sexually assaulted and many more injured in the latest mass rape by suspected rebels in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo, international aid workers and local media reported Thursday. New concerns emerge over North Korea's nuclear program  Satellite images show fresh construction at the Yongbyon nuke site.
 Amsterdam fights for your right to smoke pot The proposed ban on allowing foreigners to purchase cannabis will increase crime, Amsterdam officials say. A former Rwandan women's minister has been sentenced to life in prison for her role in the genocide and the rape of Tutsi women and girls. Hospital director in Japan paid gang member 10 million yen to find him a kidney donor Jews and Israelis, or passengers carrying any nonIslamic article of faith, will not be able to fly codeshare flights from the U.S. to Saudi Arabia under Delta Air Line's new partnership with Saudi Arabian Airlines that is set to begin in 2012...Religious items such as Bibles that are not related Seized bin Laden cellphone provides link to Pakistani spy agency Cellphone Offers Clues of Bin Ladens Pakistan Ties Osama bin Laden, the former Al Qaeda leader, used the militant group HarakatulMujahedeen, which has links to Pakistani intelligence, as part of his support network. Muslim Tory minister says Pakistan's treatment of women fails Islam. Lady Warsi says women are being denied rights granted 1,400 years ago in Qur'an South Africa now on a trajectory to Zimbabwehood. Top ANC cadres making exit plans as the Rainbow Nations dream spirals down the drain. A top army officer in Zimbabwe has accused Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai of being a security threat. HIV/AIDS Anal sex HIV risk misunderstood among heterosexuals More mass rape in Congo, say aid groups and local media Report faults Romanian legal system for Roma housing discrimination Amnesty International finds that the Roma minority in Romania lacks legal protection from forced evictions, and that Roma families are often left in substandard housing conditions Croatia gets green light to join EU. Greece granted 120bn EU bailout David Cameron wins battle to keep Britain out of second EU bailout for Greece  GM marijuana problem growing in Colombia  Farmers say the enhanced plants are more powerful & profitable Mexico Replaces Police With Soldiers In Border Area  NPR Mexican Congress Says No To ACTA An ally of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has been arrested, according to Iran's state media. Syria protesters 'shot outside mosque' Reports of 15 deaths in protests across country, including six said to have been shot as they left a mosque in Damascus. How does one say doubleplusgood in Chinese? Leaked IRC logs identify LulzSec members and show a disorganised group obsessed with its media coverage and suspicious of other hackers Syrian forces fire on protesters, at least 12 dead Special report on Japan's throwaway nuclear workers I can only think that to the power companies, contract workers are just disposable pieces of equipment  No evidence of Libya Viagra rape claims. But war crimes? Plenty. Can Matt Damon Bring Clean Water To Africa?  
 Surprising for such a high profile celebrity. No wasting cash or backing out when problems start, just clever innovation, hard work and measurable results. Could it be a big idea done right? EU refuses to back down on placing pollution tax on airlines, despite China putting Airbus order on ice  & growing U.S. discontent  Wealth of worlds richest rose nearly 10 percent in 2010 What makes Russians happy Video shows part of man's hellish 11hour Toronto G20 arrest ordeal Most Greeks say they have little confidence in a political class that they see as corrupt and unaccountable. British hacker Ryan Cleary refused bail, diagnosed with autism Everything You Think You Know About the Collapse of the Soviet Union Is Wrong What the Arab revolts leave unanswered  There is nothing sacred or permanent about the borders of any country, especially Arab countries that were mostly created by the handiwork of European colonial officers.   Saab faces bankruptcy, can't pay employees. 'I Fear the Net Will Soon Become a War Zone' Kaspersky is one of Russia's top Internet virus hunters and IT entrepreneurs. He discusses a raft of recent hacker attacks on multinationals, the total professionals behind the Stuxnet virus and his fear of both personal and widespread cyber violence Colombian women on sex strike until road is paved The head of Hezbollah has said two of the Lebanese Islamist group's members have confessed to working for the CIA. Mexican artist's painting reported for breaking Irish blasphemy laws On Facebook page of Netanyahu's son, a parade of antiIslamic remarks Goldman Vet Named Euro Central Bank Chief China to remain longterm investor in Europe's debt
| Reuters

 
	Hezbollah 'captures CIA spies'  Middle East  Al Jazeera English
 Security Forces Makes Mass Arrests Across Syria Syrian protesters killed in massive demonstrations, as EU expands sanctions Uncontacted Amazon Tribe of 200 Indians Discovered [Images/Video]  Human Trafficking in the middle east Manolas story While Germany, Italy, & Switzerland reject nuclear power, developing countries & Middle Eastern oil economies are forging ahead, with Egypt most likely to rise above others in nuclear power  Pakistans thriving customization industry has turned highways into a panorama of color  creating magical buses and trucks BBC News  Egypt drops plans for IMF loan amid popular distrust Haiti Leaked cables expose new details on how Fruit of the Loom, Hanes and Levis worked with US to block increase in minimum wage and how the country's elite used police force as own private army All MPs under 30 in India's Parliament are children of MPs.  One million Iraqi civilians lost their lives. Somebody should be accountable. How will people have trust in international law if it applies only to the poor and weakthe Milosevics and Kim Jong Ils or whoeverand not to the strong and powerful? ~ Nobel Peace Prize Winner ElBaradei Suicide bomber kills 25 in attack on Afghan maternity ward. This is what rock bottom looks like. Israel warns foreign journalists Joining Gaza flotilla is illegal Bolivia prepares to withdraw from UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs to protest its classification of coca leaves as an illegal drug Global mining company Rio Tinto caused war in Papua New Guinea, supplying helicopters and troops Sir Michael Somare, Prime Minister of PNG Germanys season of angst why a prosperous nation is turning on itself At least one Australian ISP is wavering on plans to begin blocking illegal websites next month because of fear of reprisals from internet vigilantes. DR Congo mass rape in Fizi '170 attacked' The number of reported victims of a recent mass rape campaign by gunmen in eastern Democratic Republic of Congo has risen to about 170, the UN says. Hugo Chavez in 'critical' condition in Cuban hospital This is no time for gloating, neither for Americans nor for Europeans. For both sides are in deep economic trouble, only in different ways. Fukushima Boric acid being added to No.3 reactor fuel pool Report Hezbollah moves missiles from Syria to Lebanon, fearing fall of Assad regime Ethiopia Court Jails Over 500 Muslims for Mass Church Burnings Syria a cornered Assad is losing his marbles  Assad cant offer amnesty to the Syrian people; theyll decide whether or not to offer amnesty to Assad.  The secret scandal of Britain's caste system  Why isn't the Equality and Human Rights Commission taking action against this prejudice? Parents getting their baby girls 'surgically converted into boys' [Madhya Pradesh, India] Fierce fighting southwest of Tripoli Rebels have been engaged in fierce firefights with government forces in mountain plains about 80km (50 miles) southwest of Tripoli. Peru halts Canadian company's mining project after deadly protests by antimining activists, mostly local Aymara Indian farmers. At least 5 activists were killed when riot police fired tear gas and live ammunition at protesters Sunflowers to clean radioactive soil in Japan BBC News  Syria send more troops to Turkey and Lebanon borders Tipping Point For The European Union?  French troop's withdrawal from Afghanistan stirs mixed reaction China and Vietnam to ease maritime tensions Pledge to resolve dispute over oil and gas rich South China Sea comes after highlevel talks between the two nations. Video smuggled out of North Korea. Children begging, army starving. More evidence of famine within the secretive State.  In Zurich, tram operators can change traffic lights in their favor with a touch of a button and make cars wait for them.  Just one way Europe is making driving less convenient to encourage mass transit, cycling and walking. French president says postFukushima abandonment of nuclear 'makes no sense' as he announces push for new technology. The melted nuclear fuel is sinking toward water under the ground...underground barrier needed  TEPCO says wait. Serengeti Highway Canned Victory for Animals! Journalist Robert Fisk faces libel action for pointing out BahrainSaudi alliance 'The German Government Will Pay Up'  Leading German economist Stefan Homburg argues that eurozone members should not bail out Greece, who is making a profit from the crisis and explains why he himself is buying Greek bonds. I believe in the boundless stupidity of the German government.  Fantastic photos from the German invasion of Poland and the Winter War Please Hacker Don't Hurt Us The Media's Coverage 
Of LulzSec Has Been Cowardly and Pathetic Google chairman warns of censorship after Arab Spring The use of the web by Arab democracy movements could lead to some states cracking down harder on internet freedoms, Google's chairman says. Flotilla will be allowed to unload cargo at port of ElArish in Egypt, where it will be checked and then transferred to Gaza via land. 4 top Khmer Rouge leaders face trial for first time  Charges include genocide & 'crimes against humanity' over deaths of up to 2,000,000 Cambodians under Pol Pot's regime, 197579 Bill Gates puts his money to work in the developing world TEPCO halts cooling water circulation due to leaks in the 4kmlong pipe system. NHK TV also reported that TEPCO started the system without checking it for leaks first  it only ran for 90 minutes. Bolivia moves to end dependence on foreign seed firms Bolivian President Evo Morales, has signed a new law which aims to ensure food security for his country.  Enter the dragon 'to save the euro It is in the interest of cashrich China to help resolve the eurozone debt crisis, but Chinese premier Wen Jiabao, who is visiting Britain and Continental Europe, will want a share of the Wests buying power in return Arab kings How to keep your crown  The kings of Morocco and Jordan have made some shrewd preemptive moves  Saudi Arabian Torment Of Migrant Workers  I worked from 5am to 1am, almost every day. I got up to make the children breakfast, got them ready to go to school, cleaned the house all day, and in the evening my employers would go out and come back at midnight and want dinner After sustaining a 10cm long open chest wound while trimming her horses mane, Swedens emergency response services refused to send an ambulance, suggesting the 11yrold girl take aspirin instead French banks agree to defer Greek loans  ICC (International Criminal Court) issues Gadhafi arrest warrant  Activists Israeli pressuring Greece to stall Gaza flotilla Peru revokes licence of Canadian mining firm Bear Creek Russia to privatize state airline Aeroflot  Russia will sell almost its entire stake in the stateowned airline Aeroflot as part of a national programme to get the government out of business, a senior official said Monday. Greek unions urge huge antiausterity strike turnout  Air traffic, buses, trains, postal services and hospitals are all expected to be hit, while police in Athens were also preparing to handle big demonstrations in Syntagma Square. Netherlands bans kosher and halal animal slaughter France to invest one billion euros in nuclear power  Canadians Win Battle to Keep Asbestos Off of Hazardous Materials List (?!) Hackers are being radicalised by government policy
 Afghans build supercheap internet out of rubbish Israeli forces attack clown demonstrators North Korea shuts down universities for 10 months  Scandinavian activists in the Gazabound flotilla say someone sabotaged their ship's propeller while the vessel was docked in a Greek port General Strike brings Greece to a halt Egyptian policeman sentenced to death for killing protesters
 Greek Police Using Teargas On Protesters And Riots Are Breaking Out At Syntagma Square China told to reduce food production or face 'dire' water levels Food must be imported and water use tightly regulated to protect dwindling supply Stunning photographs floods in China  Libya rebels capture Gaddafi arms bunker near Zintan Libyan rebels have captured a major complex of underground weapons bunkers from Col Muammar Gaddafi's forces in the west of the country.  Water use in China & the Middle East is an environmental Ponzi scheme 'We May Be Naive, But We Are Not Idiots'  He built Pakistan's nuclear bomb and is accused of having sold his knowledge to Libya and Iran. In an email interview, he now explains why he accepted sole blame for the accusations at the time and points a finger at the Pakistani army.  World Bank appoints Lehman's Risk Officer 2002  2007 as Treasurer  The Country Where Slavery Is Still Normal How a perfect storm of ethnic divisions, natural disaster, and political turmoil made Mauritania a 21stcentury slave state UN ratifies Venezuela for sixth consecutive year as a territory free of illicit drug cultivation Germany has agreed to supply bomb components and other military ordnance to NATO forces involved in the Libya conflict. Berlin originally abstained from a UN Security Council vote to back the intervention. Greek protests turn violent South Korea braced for North Korean 'provocation' as tension mounts City of Sydney officially declares 1788 settlement of Australia an invasion |
			News.com.au The Truth about 88  Openly Nazi symbols such as the swastika are banned in Germany, so neoNazis get around the law by using coded combinations of letter and numbers. A new book explains the meaning of such codes, and reveals that farright style is becoming increasingly diverse and hard to spot. 48hour general strike has left Athens at a standstill  A 48hour general strike has begun in Greece, bringing public transport and services to a halt. As protesters gather in Athens, the Greek government continues to debate a fresh round of austerity plans. North Korea slashes food rations to 150 grams of rice per day.  One hundred grams of rice produces about 250350 calories BBC News Stabbing burglars 'will be legal' Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks Russia cuts off power to Belarus Police forces can no longer put anyone out on bail for more than 96 hours without either being in a position to charge or release them.

After the four days is up, officers can no longer question suspects and can only rearrest them if they have new evidence, the ruling says.   UK Protesters turn Athens into war zone after vote in favor of austerity bill  Almost 40 million Brazilians climbed to middle class in the last eight years  Five Saudi women drivers arrested, says activist. For the past two weeks Saudi women have been driving through the capital, Riyadh, and other cities in a challenge to the ban. France confirms arming Libyan rebels Fresh clashes in Cairo's Tahrir Square 590 injured as police fire tear gas at thousands frustrated by slow pace of change since Egypt's revolution Bin Laden was detached from al Qaida's new generation of commanders and buying and selling gold before he died Part of The Think Tank Google Ideas, Google has invited former extremists  gang members, religious radicals and neoNazis  to meet with activists, survivors, academics and public sector officials in Dublin to discuss ways of deradicalizing violent extremists using modern technology.  Two French journalists who were kidnapped by the Taliban in Afghanistan have been freed after more than 500 days in captivity. Protesters in Cairo call for resignation of military council chief Gen Mohamed Tantawi Arab uprising 'prompts Chinese crackdown' Rights groups say Beijing moving against dissidents after fears of copycat Arab revolt. Sony shareholders, at annual meeting, demand senior management resign, citing the company's destroyed reputation in the aftermath of repeated security breaches Dublin Dr Pepper oldest and original bottler sued by Dr Pepper Snapple group.. Give it a read if you've ever tried the stuff
           More than 500 slaves rescued Moldovan police seize enriched uranium Clinton Stirs Controversy At African Union Summit By Saying African Economies Would Fail Without Womens Toil Battle breaks out in Tahir Square, once again Is free speech on the way out?  India faces new threats to freedom of speech as technology advances and citizens gain more access to information.
  Six Moldovan 'uranium smugglers' arrested A 16yrold website owner from Liberec, faces years in prison for linking to copyrighted material after being caught by Czech AntiPiracy Union Chinas ruling Communist Party will face a challenge in 2012 from a record number of independent candidates running in local elections without the partys direct approval. Russian court bans Scientology literature as extremist Chinese faked photograph leaves officials floating over street of shame Turkey tells West it might launch offensive against Syria Daughters of the brothel  former sex workers try to end trafficking in India  Al Jazeera English
  North Korean defector learns to live outside the world's biggest prison | World news | guardian.co.uk  The presidency of U.N.s Conference on Disarmament is now held by North Korea Bolivia protests for right to grow coca Bolivia has withdrawn from a UN convention that puts coca leaves in the same league as cocaine and heroin Scottish nuclear reactor must be shut down after cooling filters get clogged with jellyfish Denmark Police Wants to Ban Anonymous Internet Use They are recommending that identities be verified before someone is able to log on to the internet More than four million PCs have been enrolled in a botnet security experts say is almost indestructible.  Oh Fuck.  British government officials approached nuclear companies to draw up a coordinated public relations strategy to play down the Fukushima nuclear accident just two days after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and before the extent of the radiation leak was known Belarussian police have arrested at least 100 people holding a silent rally against the government in the capital, Minsk. US extends drone strikes to Somalia Girls are being 'converted' into boys in Indore  by the hundreds every year  at ages where they cannot give their consent for this lifechanging operation. French woman sues secretive Catholic society, Opus Dei, claiming to have been brainwashed by them China opens world's longest sea bridge France confirms Libya arms drops. By arming civilians, France becomes first NATO country to admit supplying weapons to rebelcontrolled areas in Libya. Gaza aid flotilla Irish crew accuse Israel of sabotage  China is Heading for a Hard Landing The Syrian military and the governments security forces have largely withdrawn from one of the countrys largest cities. An Unbelievable Video Of Police Brutality In Greece Today Germany votes to end nuclear power by 2022 Rights lawyers in China harassed, tortured South African lesbians fear corrective rape BBC  China opens world's longest sea bridge  26 miles long Being told to kill peaceful civilians is the most brutal thing that ever happened to me, says defected former sniper. A Incredible Rare Look At Life In North Korea [pics] Hama, Syria thousands of antigovernment 
protesters unfurl a milelong flag. Today is dubbed 
the Friday of Go Away by Syrian activists. Danish company restricts death penalty drug Bahrain orders citizens living abroad to spy on other expats and sign 'loyalty pledges' 12 people killed in Jurez in less than 24 hours Hugo Chavez admits cancerous tumor. Germany  When advisers working for a bank recommend a particular stock or bond to an investor, as of July 1 they will also have to hand over a leaflet laying out how the particular financial instrument will work, what risks are involved and how market fluctuations can affect future yields.   Marathon length
China celebrates opening of the world's longest sea bridge  supported by 5,200 pillars A group set up to counter lobbying from the Banking 
sector was officially launched today Massive antigovernment protest in Qaboun, suburb 
of Damascus, today (Friday July 1, 2011). Activists 
claim more than 30,000 people in attendance in 
Qaboun alone. The Syrian government's promises 
of dialogue have done nothing to keep protesters 
off the street. The abuses of austerity A new plan to cut Greeces debt looks doomed to fail Greece to Receive Up to $124 Billion in New EU, IMF Financing  Rebels in Libya's west gain ground Aided by NATO airstrikes, they move within 50 miles of the capital. But they sense a bloodbath coming, with civilians caught in the crossfire. Dominique StraussKahn Will Be The Next President Of France Gazabound boat Greek commandos forced us back Japanese Cancer Expert on the Fukushima Situation Danish drugmaker seeks to prevent use of drug it makes in American executions Fukushima children test positive for internal radiation exposure
 Morocco to vote on King Mohammed's reforms Moroccans are preparing to head to the polls to vote on a series of constitutional amendments and reforms. It's All Greek to Them  
What Europeans just don't get about Greece. Hint Despite appearances, they're not all lazy anarchists. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reveals he has been stricken with cancer and has undergone surgery in Cuba China arrests 36 for fraud on Alibaba and other sites Chinese police have arrested 36 people connected with operating an online fraud on Alibaba.com and other websites, the company has said. China's communists mark 90th, hail party's success For three months in a row, deforestation rates in the Amazon have risen as much as 400% compared with same months last year Portugal drug law show results ten years on  Health experts in Portugal said Friday that Portugal's decision 10 years ago to decriminalise drug use and treat addicts rather than punishing them is an experiment that has worked. WikiLeaks and Datacell to sue Visa & MasterCard for engaging in an unlawful, U.S. influenced, financial blockade Greece arrests captain of US Gazabound boat over ship's seaworthiness and for jeopardizing passengers' safety
 The Least Free Places on Earth in 2011   Brown University Study US wars leave 225,000 dead, cost $4.4 trillion. A world with too much freedom is better than one with not enough Propaganda exposed  Official Israeli government websites were forced to remove a video clip of a man claiming to be an American gay rights activist who was banned from participating in the flotilla to Gaza after it was revealed to be a hoax.  China's President Hu Jintao has warned the Communist Party that corruption could cost it the support of the people  in a speech marking 90 years since the party was founded. The Church of England is reviewing its policy towards samesex relationships & considering allowing gay clergy to be ordained as bishops Gaddafi threatens to strike Europe   Jellyfish keep UK nuclear plant shut. An invasion of jellyfish into a cooling water pool at a Scottish nuclear power plant kept its nuclear reactors offline on Wednesday, a phenomenon which may grow more common in future. New Internet Filtering in Pakistan ISP Mobilink now requires all users add proxy 10.215.2.32 port 3128 to browse Internet, with censorship of some political keywords and also web pages hosting news related to Balochistan Hours after search giant Google unveiled networking service Google+, the Chinese govt got the service blocked in the country Kim Jongil's halfbrother placed under house arrest in Pyongyang because his resemblance to his father and founder of the nation, Kim Ilsung, could derail the transfer of power to the Dear Leader's son Japan's desperate 'nuclear gypsies'. Rights groups say country's poorest people are being exploited to repair Fukushima plant. 300,000 protest in Syrian town of Hama. Assad fires local Governor. More than 500 slaves rescued from brick kilns  Gaddafi threatens attacks in Europe against  homes, offices, families, unless NATO halts its campaign of airstrikes against his regime in Libya British farmers forced to pay the cost of supermarket price wars  
As profits soar at the supermarkets, food producers say they are being forced out of business by unfair buying practices French Government Plans to Extend Internet Censorship China has its controversial onechild policy. But in India, health officials are taking a different steer on population control, offering prizes  including a car  for sterilization. Hotel maid who accused Dominique StraussKahn of raping her was reportedly doing double duty as a prostitute, collecting cash on the side from male guests. Mexican marines kill 15 cartel suspects in battle Moroccans overwhelmingly approved constitutional reforms aimed at addressing demands for greater democracy. Members of the February 20 protest movement, however, say the king still retains too much power.
  The Danish parliament in Copenhagen moved on Friday to reintroduce limited border controls in the country by deploying additional customs agents starting Tuesday. In Germany and Brussels, politicians believe the country could be violating the Schengen Agreement on passportfree European travel. 