 Microsoft admits Patriot Act can access EUbased cloud data MD of Microsoft UK, says that cloud data  regardless of where it is in the world  is not protected against the US Patriot Act North Korea someone put a piece of graffito on the wall of a Pyongyang College, so almost all student are drafted into manual labor on the outskirts of the city until April next year BEIJING, China  Woman catches toddler who fell 10 stories Why are Europeans paying less for faster internet connections than US citizens on average. The reason why this is the case, says the report, is one simple word government! The shah jailed my father. Khomeini jailed my sister. Then came my turn to scream. Kuwait will put on trial two citizens for criticizing Gulf Arab ruling families on Twitter Once Greece Goes...  
Excellent read on the EU, eurozone crisis, and coming default(s). Focuses on Greece, of course, but also interesting on Germany and reasons for the divide between politicians and public opinion in both those countries Thailand Elects 1st Female Prime Minister
 Turkey recognizes Libyan rebels as countrys legitimate government Noam Chomsky denounces Hugo Chvez for 
'assault' on democracy, accuses him of 
concentrating too much power in his own hands The United Arab Emirates Getting twitchy about democracy. The Arab awakening is making one of the richest of the Gulf states nervous Secret chamber in an Indian Temple discovered with over $11 Billion dollars of gold and silver treasure. Last year 14,000 people were murdered in Venezuela, three times more than Iraq Top Euro Leader Warns That Greek Sovereignty Will Now Be Massively Limited

 Biofuels land grab in Kenya's Tana Delta fuels talk of war  
Villagers vow to resist as wildlife vanishes and they are driven from their land to make way for waterthirsty crops Islamist Group attacks Cinema showing film about secularism. S. Korea to submit claim on East China Sea shelf to U.N. this year A huge treasure has been found in a Hindu temple in southern India  gold and silver jewelry, coins and precious stones worth billions of dollars. Royal couple heckled in Montreal Israel welcomes Gaza flotilla delays
 French outrage peaks over StraussKahn reversal Chavez defends dictator friends in Middle East Hugo Chavez tarnishes his revolutionary image by siding with the Middle East despots amid protests.
 Budhrai Debbarma The first man in independent India, the first of 1.2 billion, to be asked by the government to identify himself by his caste. Britain's rivers being ruined by demands of water companies  Extraction causing harm, with consumers likely paying the cost  Belarus Lukashenko vows to quell 'revolution plot'  Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko says recent protests against his rule are an attempt to foment revolution in the former Soviet republic. Mystery woman drives by a burning building; gets out of car; runs into building and rescues child and then disappears.  The WikiLeaks You Missed From blatant bribery in India to Hugo Chvezs war on Dominos pizza, here are the highlights from the last four months of the secret State Department cables. The UN is aiding a corporate takeover of drinking water; billions of dollars are being given out to the most ardent promoters of water privatization Missing Milly Dowler's voicemail was hacked by Rupert Murdoch's News of the World newspaper Iceland considers making cigarettes pescriptiononly. Rare Earth Deposits 1000X those on land found in the Pacific. Leaked Emails Reveal UK Government Conspiracy To Downplay Fukushima Nuclear Disaster Hidden treasure unearthed at Indian temple valued at $22billion Danish company prevents US prison officials from using a drug it makes to execute prisoners South Korea will spend $2.4 billion buying tablets for students and digitizing materials in an effort to go completely digital in the classroom by 2015 A pipeline carrying gas from Egypt to Israel and Jordan has been hit by an explosion In Australia, NSW police given power to remove veils Otto von Habsburg, the last crown prince of Austria Hungary, dead at 98.  He accomplished a lot in his life, despite having his country torn apart and disown him. As part of compromise intended to end flotilla affair, Greece offers to transport humanitarian aid to Gaza using Greek governmental ships. Israel accepts offer. G20 Toronto  1 Year Later  Pressing for a public inquiry. EU cloud data can be secretly accessed by US authorities Gaza flotilla Some questions for the activists sailing to Gaza.  By Christopher Hitchens  Slate Magazine
         Russia discovers Americanstyle capitalism;  completes record bailout of fifth largest bank French See StraussKahn Case as American Folly  Pakistani Military Still Cultivates Militant Groups, a Former Fighter Says Yemen's youth have lost control of the revolution they began ComputerHacking Group Targets Apple In Latest Attack Germany ends conscription Treasure worth $22 billion discovered in secret vaults of Indian Hindu temple Robocops to patrol 2014 World Cup using glasses equipped with facial recognition software. Oil spill off China coast will hurt fishing industry, causing 
 longterm environmental damage  Spill was kept hidden from public for weeks 









 A law passed this morning allows Australian police officers to remove the burqa (or any head coverings) or face 12 months in prison Putin Who gave NATO right to kill Gaddafi? Mexican police arrest Zetas 'cartel boss' Pakistan spy agency behind death of reporter who wrote embarrassing reports suggesting militants had infiltrated the country's military Ontario Court to rule on whether law that makes public nudity criminal is unconstitutional  Horn of Africa hit by worst drought in 60 years North Korean military's morale 'Weakening'.  An increasing number of North Korean military officers and soldiers are caught watching South Korean films or soap operas in barracks Homosexuality a disease, says India health minister at AIDS conference  Egypt clashes after police released on bail. Riots erupt in Cairo court after seven police officers accused of killing protesters during uprising are freed   Met police kettled pupils aged 11 during fee protests, court told | UK news | The Guardian  A Syrian soldier speaks At great personal risk, a soldier inside Syria tells it like it is.
 More than 1,100 people have been shot dead in political violence in the Pakistani city of Karachi since the start of the year. There has been an alarming rise in clashes between settlers and Palestinians in West Bank Britain's richest man to build giant Arctic iron ore mine How Obama's views turned from criticism of US policy towards the PalestinianIsraeli conflict to preventing Americans from participating in the Gaza flotilla. Pakistan's powerful spy agency ISI ordered the killing of a Pakistani journalist who had written scathing reports about the infiltration of militants in the country's military, according to American officials Hama under attack, again. Syrian tanks, soldiers, 
and snipers are descending on the liberated city 
which only days ago witnessed the largest anti
government protests seen since the beginning of 
the uprising. Amnesty International has called for a UNbacked investigation into the violence in Syria, saying the regime's crackdown on prodemocracy protesters may constitute crimes against humanity. Gaddafi would go in exchange for security Report Five things you can do to demand Murdoch owned News of the World tabloid be fully investigated before News International buy a controlling stake of BSkyB UN President We Won't Accept Regimes Who Kill Their People British MPs are alarmed by 6.3bn of missing  defence assets Mexico captures alleged Zetas gang founder 'El Mamito', Jesus Rejon Aguilar, a Mexican army deserter
 Zimbabwe Man sentenced to 189 years in jail for cattle theft.  Vietnam Era Weapon, Agent Orange, Being Used to Clear the Amazon The Bahamas announces ban on commercial shark fishing. My Summer At An Indian Call Center  Writer learns to pitch mobile phone contracts to Australians. College was unknown there until recently, so speak slowly. Technologically they're somewhat backward. If you call on a Friday night, they'll be smashed The families of 7/7 London terror attack victims may have had their phones hacked by the News Of The World as they waited for news after the bombings. Anonymous post source code and blacklist data of a Dutch ISP after the ISP decided to act on gov't requests to censor Internet traffic AntiPowerPoint Party formed in Switzerland, wants a referendum on banning the use of presentation software French company fined 25,000 euros for altering Wikipedia article of its competitor; they tracked the company based on the IP address of the submission
 A Silk Road for the 21st century Freight rail linking China and Germany officially begins operations  Sex workers say they will die to save brothels Australia launches world1st plain cigarette pack laws The Portuguese are dismayed that the spelling of their language is being driven by Brazil, a former colony.  Somalia food crisis reaching 'unimaginable proportions' Can a biography of the Prophet of Islam, be told without controversy or cliches? It would appear not. But the BBC is going fr it. Spanish island to be first in world to be powered solely by renewable energy Pyeongchang, South Korea named as host city for 2018 Winter Olympics  In South Korea, all textbooks will be ebooks by 2015 EU parliament backs national bans on GM crops US airlines sue EU over emissions caps  USbased airlines have launched a challenge against the European Union over including them in the EU's emissions trading scheme. The companies say the bloc doesn't have the right to regulate intercontinental air travel. The European Commission has strongly criticised international credit ratings agencies following the downgrade of Portugal by Moody's. Iceland to Debate PrescriptionOnly Cigarettes Murdoch's  News of the World  investigator targeted families of dead soldiers.

Relatives of members of armed forces killed in combat told their details appear in Glenn Mulcaire's notebooks
 World Trade Organization rules Tuesday that Beijing violated global rules by restricting exports of nine raw materials used in the manufacturing of high technology products. 
 China shows the world nuclear can be safe by developing liquid fuel thorium reactors Swiss company cancels deal to sell cement to Gaza flotilla organizers Generations of Pork  How Greece's Political Elite Ruined the Country 12 year old girl ends life to donate eyes to dad & a kidney to her brother What The Papers Wont Say  
On Britain's phonehacking scandal. Obviously, News of the World and News International are to blame. But so are politicians of both sides, for being frightened of Rupert Murdoch. And other newspapers, for keeping quiet about it Powerful 7.8 earthquake hits New Zealand For The Moment, Visa And MasterCard Reopen Payments To WikiLeaks NYT supports UN report that warned against overzealous attempts by democratic states to  censor the Internet. Nobody should be banned from the Internet. It is a fundamental tool for enabling free speech More Advertisers Boycott News Of The World Ford, Mitsibushi, The Cooperative Group, Vauxhall, Lloyds Banking Group and Virgin Holidays have suspended adverts in the News Of The World over phone hacking claims James Murdoch announces News of the World to close amid phonehacking scandal (BBC) North Korea paid Pakistan for nuclear weapons technology The Royal British Legion has cut ties with the News of the World as its campaigning partner amid claims the paper may have hacked into the mobile phones of bereaved military families. Now London Police probe the 'The Sun' While a bit dated, this shows that the wikileaks cables paint a far more nuanced picture of American diplomacy than simply one of nefarious manipulation The Big Three rating agencies can determine the fate of entire countries. Now Portugal is under pressure after Moody's downgraded its debt to junk status. European politicians want to create an alternative, even though they helped give so much power to the agencies in the first place. Just so you don't think that 'News of the World' was a one time thing, here are the Top 10 NewsCorp scandals David Cameron is in the sewer The disgusting revelations concerning his friends and associates from Rupert Murdochs News International has permanently and irrevocably damaged his reputation Rupert Murdoch Meets His Ahab Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson to be arrested over phone hacking Today Kenya becomes the first country in Africa to launch a national open data initiative.  Another priest, more victims of predatory sexual behavior, but this time in a country basically run by the Vatican. (They only reopened the case after the Vatican found the priest guilty.) Extra points for guessing the country before reading.  South Sudan the birth of a new republic Iraq abuse ruling by European court says UK failed human rights role | World news | guardian.co.uk  Last Wild Camels in China Could be Saved with Embryonic Transfer Technique Perfected in U.A.E.  Pakistan Expands Nuke Arsenal Is Murdoch free to destroy tabloid's records? | Reuters MediaFile Portugal Celebrates 10 Year Anniversary of Decriminalizing Drugs  EU Upset by Microsoft Warning About US Access to EU Cloud Members of European Parliament demand to know what lawmakers intend to do about the conflict between the EU's Data Protection Directive and the US Patriot Act 15yearold boy tortured to death in Syrian prison for failing to praise president  James Murdoch should answer to the police, Cameron suggests Andy Coulson (former editor of the News of the World and David Camerons expersonal communications director) has been arrested over the Phone Hacking Scandal Hugh Grant's best role yet  scourge of News International The Hacked Off campaign has brought out a new authority in the actor, as he fearlessly calls Rupert Murdoch to account Rebekah Brooks won't resign as News Int's chief executive because if she goes the spotlight will fall on to Rupert Murdoch's son, James. Rupert Murdoch's bid to take full control of BSkyB has been thrown into disarray. Canada ends combat mission in Afghanistan Visa Again Blocks Funds For WikiLeaks Thousands of Egyptian protesters have gathered at Tahrir Square in central Cairo to press for speedier reforms from the government. Horn of Africa drought 'A vision of hell' Syrian singer slaughtered after writing, leading antiBashar song Electronic Frontier Foundation to Microsoft and Cisco Stop choosing to become little tech helpers to China's repressive regime and instead choose to be a force for good At 98, Gay Concentration Camp Survivor Shares Story  Rudolf Brazda, who may be the last living gay man to have survived the terror, shares his life story in a newly published book. James Murdoch could face criminal charges on both sides of the Atlantic In Israel, a Tsunami Warning, Noam Chomsky 'Shoot on sight' orders as violence soars in Karachi, Pakistan FRANCE Israel extends a no fly ban to European activists. Airlines are denying boarding for European passengers. Mandatory interrogation prior embarking.  Syrian security thugs were joking while kicking an elderly man in the face, they are selling that sick video clip of it to an opposition TV 'A criminal coverup' at Murdoch HQ Cameron abandons Rebekah amid claims of an email wipeout at the News of the World.  Agony And Ivory  On illegal ivory trade. We are greeted by the nauseating stench of rotting flesh. Fifty yards from the blood trail, the dead, decomposing elephant is kneeling in a pool of its own fluid, which is swarming with flies Sins of the Flesh Church Shaken by Sexual Abuse Allegations in Africa  Following a series of abuse cases in Europe and North America, revelations have emerged of sexual abuse by priests in a number of African countries. Iceland declares it will support a proposal for Palestinian independence 2.5 hours to show you don't want News International to dominate UK TV News of the World resources used to undermine police investigation of murder; what did Rebekah Brooks know? News of the World editor arrested  First fully lab grown organ successfully transplanted. South Sudan becomes an independent nation Onearm man arrested for clapping, mute person for shouting in Belarus; sadly not an Onion article. Government documents reveal Canada's Net Neutrality enforcement failure Rogers throttled bandwidth for many protocols, including World of Warcraft; Bell Canada throttled traffic from Hotfile.com Malaysia Hundreds detained over banned rally  Malaysian police have detained more than 440 people as they tried to assemble for a banned protest in the capital Kuala Lumpur. Prime Minister of Australia (Julia Gillard) Stops same sex couples from getting married in New York BP wants future spill claims limited At least 17 killed in northern Mexico bar massacre Thousands Fill Egypt's Tahrir Square Demanding faster reforms and prosecution of Mubarak era officials, protesters gather to put pressure on military rulers US summons Syrias ambassador after receiving alarming reports of Syrian diplomats conducting video and photographic surveillance of people participating in protests in the United States. When Sweden Rules The World  Sweden, this anomalous oblong nation of 9 million, wedged as comfortably as an axe into Europes forehead, has enriched the world with a wildly disproportionate number of creations. Some nutty, some mythical, some not even Swedish Berlusconi firm fined $982 million in bribery appeal In Pictures Protests suppressed in Malaysia Is the age of the Murdoch establishment nearly over? United Nations Texas' execution of Mexican national broke international law because he was not granted consular access Freedom flotilla ship heads to Gaza Israel blocks proPalestinian 'flytilla' activists Human Rights Watch releases testimonies of Syrian military defectors who say they were ordered to shoot to kill when cracking down on protesters Mafia's toxic dumping 'increases cancer rates' Japan's nuclear industry credibility crumbles amid email scandal Rebekah Brooks The Queen of Willful Blindness  If you want to learn about one discredited womans job being saved at the expense of the biggest selling newspaper in the Englishspeaking world then read this Murdoch heads to UK after third hacking arrest Ukranian city of Odessa is a sex trafficking trade hub for countries across the northern hemisphere Israel detains 120 foreign activists The German parliament has granted its approval for testing carbon capture and storage technology, which enables coalfired power plants to liquify their pollutants and store them underground. Critics claim the potential dangers of the technology have been inadequately addressed. James Murdoch Could Be Prosecuted In PhoneHacking Scandal  News Corp Succession Plan Suddenly In Doubt Murdoch's Watergate?  
Too many of us have winked in amusement at the salaciousness without considering the larger corruption of journalism and politics on both sides of the Atlantic. Powerful critique of Murdoch empire with a sting in the tail Before South Sudan was even officially recognized as a country, it became host to one of the continent's largest land deals  a 49year lease of 600,000 hectares of land to USbased firm NTD. For around $25,000, NTD has full rights to exploit all natural resources in the land during this period. Over more than three decades, no one dared question the perversion of politics by and for Rupert Murdoch Strong earthquake rocks northeastern Japan, Tsunami warnings for the coast happening now British leader of the opposition who called for Rebekah Brookes to be sacked was threatened by News International You have made it personal about Rebekah, so we'll make it personal about you. A 13 year old boy in India jumps the fence into Army quarters to pluck almonds. An annoyed retired army officer shoots and kills him Romanera shipwreck reveals ancient medical secrets A firstaid kit found on a 2,000yearold shipwreck has provided a remarkable insight into the medicines concocted by ancient physicians to cure sailors of dysentery and other ailments Taiwan to bar fishermen from killing sharks for fins Portugal Celebrates 10 Year Anniversary of Decriminalizing Drugs The closing of UK tabloid The News of the World was in the works for at least four months and was as much an effort to shed jobs to save money and to shift resources to broadcasting as it was a response to the outcry over the phone hacking scandal Los Zetas Kingpin We Bought Guns Directly From U.S. Government Celebrating 100 years since Machu Picchu's Rediscovery  Wonderul collection of photographs taken at the ruins of Machu Pichu taken in July 1911. Other explorers had visited before but American Hiram Bingham was first person to reveal the 'lost city of the Incas' to the world Middle classes are Britain's new homeless State safety nets are gone  Life is a precious gift. We are born to live, and we can only live in love. The Troubadour de Las Pampas, Facundo Cabral, has been assasinated. Protest singer Ibrahim Kashoush had his throat cut by the Syrian  Mukhabarat (Warning Gruesome Images) Australia plans to impose carbon tax on their worst polluters Malaysian Protests in Pictures. This really needs more attention. European cities make car use expensive and just plain miserable enough to tilt drivers toward more environmentally friendly modes of transportation Vigilantes Attack Speed Cameras in Australia, France, UK Syria's 'secret doctors' risk their own lives to treat injured civilians at secret clinics. Australia to introduce carbon tax ($25 for every metric tonne) on country's 500 largest polluters, as it unveils largest such scheme outside Europe Over more than three decades, no one dared question 
the perversion of politics by and for Rupert Murdoch South Korea's pupils going paperless by 2015  

Education ministry to spend $2 billion digitising all textbooks BBC News  News of the World What was it like on the inside? The NoW was different. Journalists were both feared and loathed.  US suspends Pakistan military aid, withholding $800m as diplomatic relations reach a standstill ISPs, academics, and citizens oppose EU antipiracy legislation It threatens basic human rights while stifling innovation Anonymous warns UK Met Police Tuesday will be the biggest day in Anonymous's history amid allegations of corruption and hacking Huge demand for fish empties British waters in just 6 months  
Britain's coastal waters are so overfished that they can supply the nation's chip shops, restaurants & kitchens for little more than 6 months of every year A married couple from Pakistan have filed a lawsuit against American Airlines, alleging that, after their plane was diverted following a fake hijacking threat, they were singled out and escorted from the plane in handcuffs for no reason other than their names. Shareholders sue News Corp. over British hacking scandal. The lawsuit accuses News Corp. of largescale governance failures. Protesters in cities throughout Egypt threaten to bring the country to a standstill Two Chinese miners found alive after a week underground  News International papers targeted Gordon Brown  Anonymous leaks 90,000 mililtary emails. Some of which contain maps of where burried treasures are located on government land Israeli government c'tee approves bill outlawing boycotts on Israel The bill makes publicly calling for a boycott that could harm Israel economically, culturally or academically a civil violation. News Corp. begins to turn against Rupert Murdoch Mexican Army Frees Kidnap Victims  
20 people held for ransom in a tiny shack in Monterrey  freed by soldiers Nick Clegg calls for Murdoch to drop BSkyB deal  Canada is withdrawing from a UN nuclear disarmament conference in protest of North Korea's presidency of the body, the Canadian foreign minister has said.  CIA organised fake vaccinations to obtain Osama bin Laden's family DNA | World news | The Guardian  Revelations that hundreds of US Customs and Border Patrol agents may be involved in systemic corruption by taking bribes from Mexican drug cartels are straining relationships on the border  Phone Hacking Scandal Widens News International Targeted Gordon Brown, BSkyB Bid Delayed  Many Murdoch Properties Implicated in Crimes. Police Officer sold royal family contact details to NOTW 101 missing after boat sinks in Russia  The Boston Globe Former British PM Gordon Brown to announce he was a victim of phone hacking Assad loyalists storm US and French embassies in Damascus  Large crowds break into US Embassy while French guards manage to hold off attack using live fire; Washington to summon Syrian diplomat over slow response, says Syria failed to protect US diplomats. BBC News  Cyprus Eight dead in blast near Zygi naval base The contagion that has forced Greece, Ireland and Portugal to seek bailouts from the rest of Europe now is threatening Italy, as investors demand everhigher interest rates on Italian government bonds. World's Biggest Sleaze Mogul Also Getting Rich from Christian Moralizers In addition to being a phonehacking Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch is also one of the leading religion publishers in the world.  Campaign to boycott Rupert Murdoch is gathering pace The News International phone tapping scandal escalates spectacularly new accusations that then British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and 10 members of the British Royal Family were tapped by Murdoch's other two flagship newspapers, The Sun and The Sunday Times. Serbia wants U.N. to honor scientist & inventor Nikola Tesla's birthday  
 Do we Need a Hippocratic oath for journalists? Does the media ventriloquise the concerns of the elite? Canadian parents wrongly convicted of killing their children, as pathologist made gross errors in his autopsies Karzai's brother shot dead in Kandahar Ahmed Wali Karzai was president of provincial council and one of the most powerful men in Afghanistan. Gordon Brown Says Newspaper Hired Known Criminals As Murdoch Attempts Damage Control in Light of New evidence that Other Murdoch Newspapers Are Implicated Copper mining will crush ancient Afghan site Teams in Afghanistan scramble to save artifacts before a Chinese company starts mining work at Mes Aynak, an area filled with the ruins of 5th century Buddhist monasteries. Gaddafi is prepared to leave Here is the Human Rights Watch report Getting Away with Torture The Bush Administration and Mistreatment of Detainees  Few bother to contribute to Australia's official Classification debate on Internet filter and game ratings, and the majority of those want censorship Only 80 public submissions have been made, and 80% of those are from people who believe in government intervention for the sake of child protection NY Times The Israeli Parliament on Monday passed legislation banning any public call for a boycott against the state of Israel or its West Bank settlements, making such action a punishable offense News International my son's medical records were hacked, says Gordon Brown Welcome to Murdochia   Murdoch's controversial media empire extends far beyond the English Channel  and it's been no stranger to scandal across the globe. Watchdogs slam Israel law making boycott calls illegal  Rupert Murdoch invited to appear before MPs. Commons culture select committee also invites James Murdoch and Rebekah Brooks to answer questions about phone hacking Shark Fishing Banned in Honduras, Bahamas  73,000,000 sharks killed annually mainly for their fins prized in China News Corp shares down 4.4% in early Tuesday 
trading; bank rates News shares a 'sell' as analyst 
cuts his valuation of company by 18% News of The World phone hacking scandal infects Rupert Murdoch's other newspapers in the UK his were the only nationals to have lost sales over the weekend Explosion rocks Egyptian gas pipeline Egyptian state TV says masked gunmen have blown up country's pipeline that supplies gas to Israel and Jordan. Israel Bans ProPalestinian Boycotts Chinese Space Station shipped to launch site, ready for launch in September China criticizes the US for spending too much on its military The US is spending too much on its military in light of its recent economic troubles, and should look after taxpayers  A race for land is destroying the Guatemalan rainforest  The fastest rate of deforestation in the world  News Corp.s Lost $7B Shows Investor Concern A simple invention, a bottle of water and a couple teaspoons of bleach, is bringing light to the slums of the Philippines. BBC News  News Corp withdraws bid for BSkyB Rupert Murdoch is bleeding cash trying to save plummeting News Corp The growing phone hacking scandal has sent News Corp's shares down 13% since the story first broke; the share price collapse had wiped more than $5bn off the market value of News Corp; Murdoch has personally lost $2bn An Austrian atheist has won the right to be shown on his drivinglicence photo wearing a pasta strainer as religious headgear Israeli police will not face trial over killing girl 
because while the courts agree there is no debate 
the police shot her, it happened in 2007 and that is 
too long ago now. Mumbai Explosions shake India's financial hub And let me also say this. The people involved... however high or low they go must not only be brought to justice they must also have no future role in the running of a media company in our country. 

 British PM David Cameron Some of the world's most famous clothing brands, including Nike, Adidas Puma, and H&M are using suppliers that pour toxic chemicals into China's rivers UK student Richard ODwyer, operator of TVShack.net, is facing extradition proceedings to US. His mother asks that people help Richard so that he can face justice at home CIA's Fake Vaccination Drive Angers Public Health World Egypt to sack 700 police over killing of protesters Nearly half of Swazi women in their 20s and Swazi men in their 30s are HIV positive. Nearly half. UN torture official accuses US of rule violations  A bank in Ireland has been banned from paying bonuses, except where permitted by the Government or following a court order, for two years as a condition of the latest State bailout.  Full ManningLamo Chat Logs Released Mumbai rocked by three bomb blasts  at least 10 dead, 100 reported injured Radioactive meat circulating on Japanese market The meat, delivered late last month, has made its way to consumers and most likely has been ingested, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government said Three bomb blasts have been reported in Mumbai in the crowded Dadar, Opera House and Zaveri Bazar areas;  at least 15 injured Most Irish drink harmfully and more than anyone else in Europe  Most Irish people drink in a harmful manner and our per capita consumption of alcohol is among the highest in Europe, a new report from the HRB reveals today.  Egypt to sack 700 police over killing of protesters Almost 700 senior police officers in Egypt are being removed from their jobs over the killing of protesters during the revolution earlier this year. 
      Israeli PM agrees to renew peace talks based on 1967 lines
     Riots in Northern Irelandin pictures  Japan intends to send its whaling fleet back to the Antarctic this year, a senior official has said Greece suffered another sovereign downgrade on Wednesday, when the Fitch agency slashed its credit worthiness by three notches further into junk status and only one grade above default. Who is more powerful  Murdoch or Parliament?  Colombian army colonel admits his unit murdered 57 civilians, then dressed them in uniforms and claimed they were rebels killed in combat. Workers making Converse sneakers in Indonesia say supervisors throw shoes at them, slap them in the face and call them dogs and pigs. Nike, the brand's owner, admits that such abuse has occurred among the contractors that make its hip hightops but says there was little it could do to stop it. Murdochs Ordered to Testify or Be in Contempt  Bloomberg They [The Murdochs] had no option but to drop the bid. But now the real issue is how to avoid further humiliation. They are in retreat with no real business in the UK anymore, just a set of disintegrating assets. Israelis and Palestinians to march in Jerusalem in support of Palestinian independence.  The first joint JewishArab march in 20 years. Coke and KFC to go into N. Korea Company ends contracts with Iran after cranes used in public hangings An EyeOpening Adventure in Socialized Medicine  
American visitor to London wakes up in middle of night with burning eyes. Needs prompt medical attention. Negotiates US health insurance firm, British NHS. Nice lighttouch narrative with a few political barbs  Rupert Murdoch being undone by oldfashioned journalism Rupert Murdoch refuses to stand before Parliament Select 
Committee despite summons. Uprising in Belarus Internet Generation Takes on Europe's Last Dictator Japanese PM We will aim to become a society which can exist without nuclear power. CIA's fake vaccination programme criticised by Mdecins Sans Frontires The True Cost of Being Gay in Beijing Republic of South Sudan gains UN membership General Assembly vote, by acclamation, makes country 193rd member of the United Nations. Rebekah Brooks to face questioning by MPs; Rupert and James Murdoch summonsed 42% of Britons will get cancer, statistics show. Riots erupt in Northern Ireland  Turkey arrests 15 al Qaeda suspects in Ankara, Yalova, and Bursa; were planning attacks on US targets in the country World Population to hit 7 BILLION by October Hungary is set to impose the world's most comprehensive junkfood tax, which the government hopes will improve eating habits while helping to rebalance its healthcare budget. Seven Estonians have been freed in Lebanon, after being kidnapped nearly four months ago. After just six months, 2011 has already been the costliest year of natural disasters ever Murdochs Now Say They Will Appear Before Parliament Christopher Hitchens It took another dog to eat Murdochs dog Wikileaks New Zealand's Three Strikes Law was Pushed, Bought and Paid for by the US George Clooney's Satellites Capture Piles of Bodies, Mass Graves in Sudan UK Cyclists use viral video to track down alleged attacker. Six weeks later, the police had failed to make an arrest despite having clear photographs of the assailant and the numberplate. News International have just confirmed that Rebekah Brooks has resigned CBC provides an interactive list of Rupert Murdoch's holdings Indonesian maid spared from beheading in Saudi Arabia, only because her government paid blood money for her life Dow Jones CEO Les Hinton resigns amid News Corp 
phone hack scandal Murdochs Are Next Target as Brooks Steps Down OSCE, the worlds largest securityoriented intergovernmental organization, issued report that explicitly states that a three strikes law is a disproportionate response to dealing with copyright infringement Activist takes Germany to court over nuclear warheads  A Cologne court has begun hearing the case of an activist intent on having Germany remove US nuclear warheads being stored at a military base located in western Germany. Syrians mount biggest protests so far, 12 killed

 The Bacon Uprising   How China's demand for cheap pork is devastating Brazil's rainforest Prowhaling Japan, Iceland, & a number of Caribbean & African nations walk out of meeting in protest of a proposed whale sanctuary in the South Atlantic

 News Corp faces storm clouds ahead; could Fox News be finished? China will eventually surpass the United States as the world's premier superpower, if it hasn't already, according to the latest survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project `N. Korea purges 30 officials involved in interKorean talks  Bethlehem's taps run dry as West Bank Israelis continue to fill their swimming pool  The National Gaddaffi's regime officially not recognized by more than 30 states. Silvio Berlusconi may have screwed Europe  not just Italy EU now wants to ban ratings agencies from warning that countries may be in financial trouble
 Iraq to execute Saddam's halfbrothers within a month Hadopi, French copyright cops we're swamped with three strikes complaints As thousands of Syrians flood streets in antigov't rallies across country, security forces open fire; 14 killed BP Unveils Drilling Rules Tougher Than US Regulations The Mexican army says it has discovered a huge field with mature marijuana in the northern state of Baja California. The United Nations recently declared that disconnecting people from the Internet is a violation of human rights. The scale of private links between David Cameron and News International exposed for the first time The Prime Minister met Murdoch's executives on no fewer than 26 occasions in just over a year since he entered Downing Street 
Head of Brazil's Environmental Protection Agency Says it's Not His Job to Protect the Environment   Suggests indigenous tribes standing in the way of progress should be dealt with harshly Israeli army kills Palestinian college student A revolutionary artist. How the British burnt his shocking images from the 1943 Bengal Famine. And how we can finally see them today.  Japanese Crane Manufacturer Cuts Ties With Iran following reports that its cranes have been used to stage public executions in Iran Eavesdropping scandal UK govt defends Murdoch 
ties, as Foreign Secretary Hague admits there is 
something wrong here The bodyguard who assassinated President Hamid Karzai's brother had been working closely with US Special Forces and the CIA before he was recruited by the Taliban ... Women Tolerate Beatings for Life Changing Mobile Phones Our Man In Damascus  
Assessment of Robert Ford US ambassador to Syria There's no evidence that the Syrian government is willing to reform at the speed demanded by the street protesters. If it doesnt start moving with far greater alacrity, the street will wash them away Brazil is building nuclear attack submarines that promise to dramatically alter the balance of power off the South American coast Spanish Bishops go on a land grab.It turns out that bishops can issue ownership certificates just as though they were government workers. Tentacles of phonehacking scandal grow tighter around UK PM Cameron. Largest protests so far in Syria sees a million protest, opposition groups will meet to draw a roadmap.  TEPCO denies nuke crisis compensation to kindergartens, nursing homes and clinics Resignations heap pressure on James Murdoch India's Tata group to launch 'world's cheapest homes' Thirtyone of the Chilean miners who endured 69 days trapped underground sue the government for  $540,000 in compensation each Canada mulls ways to fund Libyan rebels with frozen Gadhafi assets  British government, police under pressure over 
Murdoch links Somalia crisis one of 'largest in decades'  Dow Jones CEO resigns amid phonehacking scandal
 Quadriga withdraws award for Putin  Berlinbased Werkstatt Deutschland on Saturday reversed its decision to award Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin the prestigious Quadriga prize due to massive criticism. Burmese Daze Making Sense Of Myanmars Mess 60 tied to Zetas escape prison in Nuevo Laredo Rebekah Brooks has been arrested over the UK newspaper phone hacking scandal The rape of men New body blows for Rupert Murdoch Scotland Yard officer says that News Int execs  including Mr Murdochs son James  are being investigated for any alleged role in covering up the extent of industrial scale phone hacking N.Korea prison escapee Kim Hyesook on her life in prison 'I saw prisoners turned to honeycomb by the bullets' Britain's most senior police chief resigns over phone hacking scandal.  Elisa, one of Finland's largest ISPs, refuses to block The Pirate Bay even though they are being sued by the government and music copyright lobbyists; the basic censorship strategy is flawed and successfully blocking The Pirate Bay would prove technically difficult Scotland Yard and News International became so intertwined that they wound up sharing the goal of containing the [hacking] investigation. Starvation in Africa Desperate women bind their stomachs to deaden hunger pains, eating next to nothing so children can be fed. China's Ghost Cities and Malls China's hypergrowth fueled by building giant cities no one lives in Why My Father Hated India. Calling out the Vatican Irish report says Catholic Church has not helped stop sex abuse. Britain's metropolitan police chief has resigned over phone hacking scandal Meet the Indonesian workers who make your Nikes at $0.50 hourly wages In 2001, Nike pledged some reforms following revelation its developing world workers were children. But a new AP investigation finds that poor labor conditions still persist in many Nike factories Phonehacking scandal is an utter PR disaster for 
the Murdochs Italy's crusade against BitTorrent sites has reached unprecedented level  censors proxy that bypasses BTjunkie and Pirate Bay Block  BBC News  Miliband calls for News International's power to be limited Tunisia's draft constitution may ban ties with Israel News Corp. shareholder woes deepen The Serious Fraud Office have launched a preliminary inquiry into allegations News International paid corrupt police officers Wealthy Britons prepare to flee. More than half of the UK's millionaires have fled or are thinking of fleeing the country's economic storm clouds  Scotland Yard Commissioner resigns. Britain's most senior police officer sensationally resigned tonight over revelations surrounding the phone hacking scandal.  Obama holds talks with Dalai Lama despite China protest Iraq's Arab Spring the forgotten frontier  The country, largely ignored by the international media, is about to agree to longterm American occupationlite Egypt's iconic antiquities chief, Zahi Hawass, fired A spate of exceptionally brutal rapes in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh has shocked India. Many of the victims were young girls.  Kim Jongil blames deer musk for women's soccer failure David Cameron's meetings with Rupert Murdoch's executives in a year exceed those with all other news organisations put together. Not a single figure from the BBC was granted an audience. News Corp shares hit twoyear low on hacking arrest Top Chinese gymnast found begging on the street . Rupert Murdoch is considering stepping down as CEO of News Corp Video of explosion of soviet arms depot in Abadan One man has been scouring the coast of Japan on foot with nothing but a chainsaw, a shovel and three photographs for hours everyday for the last 5 months in the hopes of finding his missing wife and daughter. LulzSec hacks the site of Murdoch's other tabloid paper 'The Sun' and reports on his death Zahi Hawass to no longer appear in every single TV special on Egypt British Police Commissioner resigns due to phone hacking. Takes 
swipe at Prime Minister David Cameron in resignation speech I'll 
take responsibility what about you? Australia govt steps up rhetoric over Murdoch papers Climate sceptic Lord Monckton told he's not member of House of Lords  
Clerk of parliaments publishes letter on Lords' site saying peer is not and has 'never been a member of the House of Lords'  Police examine bag found in bin near Rebekah Brooks's home  Israel rapped for jailing palestinian kids as young as 12 Sex in mosque riles angry mob Villagers swarm mosque after teen couple discovered undressed in bathroom A senior adviser to Afghan President Hamid Karzai was shot and killed in his home in Kabul yesterday, less than a week after the assassination of Karzais half brother.  Sean Hoare, the whistleblower reporter who alleged widespread hacking at the News of the World, has been found dead Police gun down rioters in China's Xinjiang, at least 4 dead London's top counterterrorism official resigns, the latest high profile perpetrator of the phonehacking scandal  Senior London police officer John Yates resigns in U.K. phone hacking inquiry Syrian Forces Mass Near Town Where Many Soldiers Have Defected Territorial rights and the Internet This Painting is Not Available in Your Country Sun website hacked by LulzSec Palestinians planning 'massive' diplomatic push for state recognition WATCH Unbelievable Footage Of The Arms Depot Explosion Turkmenistan Tried To Cover Up Thousands rally in Morocco over reform plan Both backers and critics of reforms have held protests across the Kingdom after its recent referendum. Rebekah Brooks' husband 'accidentally' has computer thrown out China Executes Corrupt Officials for Taking Bribes 
 Nearly One Quarter Of Met Police Press Officers Worked For News International, Police Chief Says The first (named) reporter to blow whistle on News of the World executives being aware of phone hacking has been found dead. His death is currently being treated as unexplained, but not thought to be suspicious LIVE NOW  Phone Hacking  BBC news coverage Why India Can't Feed Her People  
Production of food per head is shrinking. And much of what is grown is lost or wasted. Main culprits are primitive farming methods and poor distribution infrastructure. India wastes more grain each year than Australia produces 'Someone's coming to get me' Terrified phonehacking whistleblower feared for his life before he was found dead.
 Former Fox News Producer Claims The Network's Brain Room Led To Hacking Reuters did a special report on Murdoch's handson supervision of his papers  Giant Oil Spill Reaches Chinese Coast  It's polluted about 4,250 sq kilometres (1,650 square miles) NZ 'three strikes' copyright bill comes into effect 1st Sep 2011 A NZ$25 charge has been set, which rights holders will have to pay if they want an ISP to deal with an infringing user. But AFACT want ISPs to pay the copyright costs Syria forces fire on funeral procession; 10 die
 German Economics Minister Philipp Rsler, who was adopted into a German family from Vietnam at a young age, insists that he never had problems because of his background. He speaks about integration, discrimination and what it means to be German. Egyptian state television has begun broadcasting live coverage of the corruption trials of officials who served under President Hosni Mubarak. Taliban execute 13 Pakistani police officers India 'Massive' uranium find in Andhra Pradesh [BBC] Murdochs hearing A day of high drama and 
farce Murdochs to face phonehacking grilling. News Corporation chief and son to answer questions in British parliament as scandal intensifies. Murdoch may lose grip on News Corp Libyan rebels pushed back from Brega Rebels tackle host of land mines outside Brega after coming under fire from Gaddafi forces. Italy PM Berlusconi placed under formal investigation on suspicion of pressuring state TV to shut news talk show Iranian animal lovers are ignoring a fatwa on dog ownership and frequenting popular websites like Woof Woof Iran Digital Pets and Persianpet to pick their favorite canine, study dog grooming or swap pet tales Top British police going up before Parliament  live transcripts Israeli navy intercepted a Frenchflagged flotilla headed for Gaza
 More UK Police Complicity Revealed CPS drops charges against 109 UK Uncut activists Rupert Murdoch's News International has been found by a parliamentary committee to have deliberately tried to block a Scotland Yard criminal investigation into phone hacking Suppressed Report Found Busted Pirate Site Users Were Good Consumers some pirate site users treat these services as a preview to buy more DVDs, visit the cinema more often and on average spend more than their honest counterparts at the box office BBC News  You're hired How the apprentice gets ahead in Germany. Germany may have an ultramodern economy but one of the pillars at the very centre of it is very traditional the idea that people learn a skill on the job. NZ quake may have revealed Israeli spy ring News Corp tabloid employees come forth with stories of Rebekah Brooks' reign. The Harry Potter correspondent had to wear a Potter costume to work and *officially change his name*. When he showed up in normal clothes on Sept. 11, 2011, he was chewed out and ordered to put on his full Potter regalia. In Egypt, Fighting For A $50AMonth Factory Job  Factory workers block road to protest over unpaid wages. The result? 'Run them over. The blood money for each one is 50 pounds ($8).' The engine revved, once, then a second time. On the third time, the truck lurched forward Iran says it shot down a US spy plane over nuclear site  UN declares famine in Somalia Irish PM Enda Kenny has strongly criticised the Vatican for what he said was an attempt to frustrate a government inquiry, accusing it of downplaying the rape of children to protect its power and reputation. Booming Cotton No Boon to African Farmers  The price has multiplied by three or four times, so at our level it should be multiplied three or four times as well, Kafando said. Instead, he said, the monopolies are getting fat, and we are the ones who are feeding them.  Murdochs Are Blocking Inquiries Egypt's military rulers refuse to allow international election monitors to observe upcoming parlimentary elections How An Australian Oligarch Is Using Dirty Tricks And Libertarian Lies To Fleece Aborigines Out Of Billions Great white shark jumps from sea into research boat off South Africa's Cape 
 At least one Israeli killed in New Zealand's Christchurch Earthquake may have been an Israeli Spy. Now SIS (the Security Intelligence Service) is investigating whether there were others. Pakistans military has spent millions in a covert effort to tilt American policy against Indias control of Kashmir, including funneling campaign donations. Saudi Arabian woman to be tried for driving during medical emergency David Cameron refuses to deny that he discussed the BSkyB bid with senior executives at News International since the election. Riots have broken out in Malawi's capital, Lilongwe, as opposition groups protest against President Bingu wa Mutharika's government. Uproar after prisoners hold toga party in Russian jail  Russia's prisons service has launched an inquiry after photos emerged of togaclad inmates holding a lavish party complete with caviar and fast food. 'Degrading treatment' in Lebanon's prisons
Inmates can wait years for a trial, facing torture and cruel treatment in overcrowded jails.  Greenpeace Twitter injunction backfires for Cairn Energy with hundreds of people around the world breaking the injunction on behalf of the environment group. Syrian forces 'surround Damascus subur Residents of Harasta say entrances blocked by elite forces as foreign minister gives warning to US and French diplomats.  Taliban mobile phones and website 'hackedy U.S. intelligence  World Bank to hear Koch arbitration against 
Venezuela  The Times of London (a News International paper) publishes most offensive cartoon yet in response to hacking scandal Ghana orders the arrest of ALL homosexuals in the western region of the country Wanted New Birth Control Choices for Men How Finland became an education leader Harvard professor Tony Wagner explains how the nation achieved extraordinary successes by deemphasizing testing Aussie police shut Greenpeace HQ, seize evidence. Brazil indicts 3 people for the murder of 2  environmental activists in the Amazon   The couple had been opposing the eviction of rural workers from land owned by a local farmer Canada's crime rate at lowest level in almost 
40 years Waterfalls flow upwards in extreme winds (southern Australia) Scotland Yard's Most Senior Officers Tried To Convince Guardian Not To Cover Murdoch Hacking Scandal Irish PM in unprecedented attack on Vatican Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has launched an unprecedented attack on the Catholic Church in parliament.  Ghana Calls For Arrest of All Gays, Officials Warn Lynching Could Follow Police close Australia Greenpeace HQ after activists destroy genetically modified wheat crop Russian oligarch Lebedev (who already owns 4 UK newspapers), plans to buy News of the World and give it a ''slightly different spin''. 'NeoNazi pilgrimage' grave of Rudolf Hess destroyed Australia may seize Guantanamo prisoner's book cash Killing of infants on the rise in Pakistan Looks like the people of Malawi are the next group trying to overthrow their oppressive regime. 18 protesters killed today. James Murdoch contradicted by his legal manager
 News International dropped by Olympics partner 
after hacking scandal British phonehacking probe expands beyond Murdoch papers Critique of Cloud by Richard Stallman Internet users need to swim against the stream if they want to protect their privacy. BBC News  Chinese state oil firm buys Canadian oil sands producer NZ denies Israel spying charge Suspected Serbian War Criminal Goran Hadzic Captured.  Path to that nation's EU accession may now be open. While most Arab states sit on the fence, Qatar is standing up to Damascus over an attack on its embassy Huge explosion in downtown Oslo LulzSec claims to have 4GB of News International emails James Murdoch lied to parliament, according to former News International executives. A whole block just exploded in Oslo, Norway.  Initial reports say it is a terrorist attack. Posted last week, but buried beneath the bigger stories Why Does AlQaeda Have a Problem With Norway? BBC News  Norway Major blast near prime minister's office in Oslo Huge explosion i Norwegian capital, windows blown out in area surrounding government buildings East Africa's famine Millions of human beings are starving. Oslo, just a few minutes after the terror attack. The Bin Laden Vaccine Yes, vaccinations are a CIA plot Shooting at Norwegian Social Democratic Youth (AUF) summer camp James Murdoch Accused of Lying to Parliament More violence in Norway as a man, dressed as a police officer, has entered a AUF (youth) camp outside Oslo and started shooting.  Egypt's military rulers ban foreign election observers Egypt's ruling military council said foreigners won't be allowed to monitor Egyptian elections, scheduled for November. That has some local activists worried about the credibility of the vote.  Speaker of The House says UK parliament has rediscovered its balls over Murdoch hacking affiair The 'For Neville' email two words that could bring down Murdoch Large explosion in Oslo at Prime ministers office. Many people hurt. Greece defaults... selectively.  James Murdoch knew of phone hacking, former News executives say
 Al Shabaab kidnaps, interrogates new Somali minister for women within hours of her appointment being announced UN report claims North Korea and Iran are exchanging illicit missile technology, using China as a transit hub. Eleven killed during mass protests in Syria

 Indian Government Blocks Leading FileSharing Services  RapidShare, MegaUpload, MediaFile, HotFile and many more are blocked at ISP level
 Australia Forklift mishap destroys $1m of shiraz wine Explosion rocks Norwegian PM's office You wont destroy us. You won't destroy our democracy. We are a small but proud nation. No one will bomb us to silence.  Norwegian PM Deadly famine in Horn of Africa. NBC is making this a top news priority, kudos to them for getting the word out.  At least 80 killed at Norway youth conference  China bullet train derails; coaches fall off bridge Phone hacking was rife under Piers Morgan when he was editor of a UK tabloid claims ex reporter.  Canada deported Chinas most wanted man on Friday after dismissing his arguments that he could be tortured or executed if he was returned home. Norway police now saying 'Eighty killed' in island shooting 10 year old boy to Utya shooter You've killed my dad. Leave us alone. Norwegian spree killer has EDL links Palestinian president says Israel's refusal to halt settlement building has forced his people to seek recognition at UN Man killed in Iran shooting was student, not nuclear scientist A mixup over names apparently led to initial reports that the man slain in Tehran was a scientist involved in the country's nuclear program. Norwegian mass murderer shares his thoughts UK Female genital mutilation laws to be toughened against families SlutWalk, a protest against a Canadian police officer who advised women to avoid dressing like sluts to avoid rape, changed in India even if we are covered head to toe in a sari or a burqa, we get molested and raped This Is Iraq  
Photo essay from Iraq, framed around work of the Red Cross. Shows decrepit nature of basic infrastructure, struggles of those maimed or widowed. Not always comfortable viewing. Some very wellconceived shots Libya rebels claim strike on regime officials Rebels say rare RPG attack hit meeting in Tripoli attended by Gaddafi's son, intelligence chief and prime minister. At least 80 people killed in Utya massacre outside Oslo, Norway Anders Behring Breivik (32) arrested after Utya shooting and explosions in Oslo (picture in article). 80 people now confirmed dead in Norway shooting, number expected to rise. Britain's phone hacking scandal for some, News of the World was not the only culprit First photos from Bullet Train crash in China Iran nuclear scientist assassinated Belgium bans full facial veils in public. Offenders can receive fines and up to a week in jail. British Scientists Have Secretly Created More Than 150 HumanAnimal Hybrids Taliban hang 8yearold boy in Afghanistan
 At about 208 and 300, Norwegian PM Stoltenberg says, Tomorrow we will show the world that Norway's democracy grows stronger when it is challenged  and that the answer to violence is even more democracy, even more humanity, but never navet.  S. Korea enacts 'chemical castration' law for pedophiles Norway PM quotes young survivor in memorial speech If one man can show this much hate, think how much love we can show together Why I'm taking the UK police to court for kettling me I'm 16 and went to protest peacefully with my friends about our future, but we were held for 10 hours without food or water Norwegians defy gunman by sticking to open, tolerant society Private detectives employed by News International are even now compiling dossiers for future use on politicians who attack Murdoch This Murdoch scandal has exposed the scale of elite corruption lifted the lid on how power is really exercised in 21stcentury Britain  in which the unreformed City and its bankers play a central part. I'm starting to think that the Left might actually be right  Telegraph Norwegian killer made this video (confirmed by Norwegian media) Violent clashes erupt in Egyptian capital At least 231 injured after knifewielding men attack proreform protesters marching to defence ministry in Cairo. Norwegian terrorist sent manifesto to Finnish politicians just before attacks The Taliban executed an 8yearold boy, by hanging, in southern Afghanistan... Norway attacks We can no longer ignore the farright threat  Corrupt police officers should be locked up and the key thrown away Norway's killer describe 8 robbery attempts by muslims as his reason for his hatred Phone hacking 7/7 victims fear police passed 
numbers to News of the World The Demand For Water Will Increase Five Times By 2050 Oslo attacker says attacks were gruesome but 
necessary 2000 y/o bell found in ancient Jerusalem sewer What did the Oslo killer want? | FP Passport Man Blamed For Norway Attacks Wanted A Revolution; Called Massacre Ultimate Love Gift A Conversation With The Dalai Lama  
Charming interview with Tibetan spiritual leader. Got on well with Mao, valued his leadership advice, was then casually told religion is poison. Says today's CCP leaders should do like him and retire. Cheerful discussing own death Faced with inhumanity, we must be more human  Opinion  Al Jazeera English (must Read)
 Kenyan Mau Mau survivors to sue British government London court rules that elderly Kenyans can sue British government for abuse.
 Belgian ban on full veils comes into force Firsthand account of Utya Massacre (crosspost from r/linux, of all places)  Experts Baffled By Mysterious Underground Chambers  More than 700 small tunnel networks have been found in southern Germany. There are hundreds more in Austria. Who built them, when and why? Archeologists are only just beginning to piece together the answers In the media, Breivik has been characterised as a deranged loner. Nothing could be further from the truth. Breivik's acts were entirely consistent with others by European fascists. More importantly, Breivik's ideas firmly reflect mainstream rightwing discourse. Charlie Brooker on the UK's media trying desperately to find which Muslim group committed the Norwegian atrocities. Hackers hit Italian cyberpolice Hackers have started to release gigabytes of secret documents stolen from an Italian cybercrime unit. One of the gunman in Norway's first victims Offduty police officer who went straight ahead towards the gunman when the shooting started, he's also the crown princess's step brother.  Oslo attacks Why did so many experts blame Islamic terrorists?  By Christopher Hitchens  Norway Killer Anders Behring Breivik may be part of a bigger antiIslamic Right Wing network that is preparing to carry out similar attacks in Europe. The Vatican has recalled its envoy to Ireland following Taoiseach Enda Kenny's trenchant criticism of the Holy Sees role in covering up cases of clerical child sex abuse. 1.5 million Russians are addicted to heroin Japan has passed a law that will enable the police and contractors to monitor internet activity without restriction to cleanse the Internet of any bad Fukushima radiation news.
 Norwegian gunman 'has accomplices' A Ridiculous Rapid Response Why did so many experts declare the Oslo attacks to be the work of Islamic terrorists? China's effort to muzzle news of train crash sparks outcry Hacker Claims to Have Obtained 8GB Worth of Multinational Content  Threatens to Release it Soon Norway attacks Breivik was my friend on Facebook. I've seen what fed his hatred. I was once a member of Sweden's nationalist party, but vile online propaganda drove me away. At least 100,000 attend Oslo antiviolence rally
| Reuters

 NPR Norway Suspect Claims to be Part of Terror Network Teenage Afghan asylum seeker who fled to Norway two years ago one of dozens still hospitalized having sustained four gunshot wounds. Still holds a positive view of his adopted home. I have experienced much good in Norway, so much good, Staff across all of News International newspapers warned not to delete or destroy documents relating to any of the phonehacking investigations Giant sinkhole found under a bed in Guatemala City BP not making money, so break it up in a deal worth $100 billion AntiVaccination Groups are developing in places where Vaccinations are needed the most, the developing world. Why China's Deadly Train Crash Seems So Suspicious  
Angry internet users question the government as the death toll reaches 35 Analysis Norway massacre exposes incendiary immigration issue

 Internet users have a reasonable expectation of anonymity that the courts must protect ruling by a Canadian Superior Court judge A German tourist is being hailed as a hero for rescuing at least 20 teens from gunman's rampage on Utoya island Glenn Beck compares Norway's dead teenagers to Hitler youth Glenn Beck, the leading Rightwing American broadcaster, has prompted outrage after comparing the teenage victims of the Utoya Island massacre to the Hitler Youth. Today I'm proud to be Norwegian Youth parties 
see surge in recruitment following the terrorist 
attack on the Labour youth party Israel has erupted in protest  yes, you read that right Israel joins Egypt, Syria and many others in an increasingly global struggle for social justice Glenn Beck slammed by the Norwegian government for onair comments he made comparing the teenage victims to the Hitler Youth
 BP reports quarterly profit of $5.3BILLION! 150,000 people are gathered in Oslo right now, to honor the victims of the terrorist attack. Tonight, the streets are filled with love, the CrownPrince opened his speech. For five years to 2008, the Fukushima plant was rated the most hazardous nuclear facility in Japan for worker exposure to radiation and one of the five worst nuclear plants in the world on that basis. Who pollutes The rich or the poor?
India's prime minister is allowing India's environment to be destroyed in order to cater to powerful foreign investors. Rupert Murdoch's Media Empire Has Made the World Worse in a Dozen Ways Access to Amnesty Internationals website has been blocked in Saudi Arabia following the organizations criticism of a draft antiterror law that would stifle peaceful protest in the kingdom Former DEA and CIA Operatives Los Zetas May Attempt to Overthrow Mexican Government in 2012 (Using U.S. Government Weapons)  China's propaganda instructions for the high speed rail crash Vatican's ambassador to Ireland has been recalled to Rome in protest over Ireland's scathing report on church's poor handling of child abuse by priests Neglecting The Lithuanian Holocaust  
Holocaust memorial defaced with the words Hitler was right. Nobody seems to have noticed or cared much. Tells you plenty about Lithuania's indifference to its Holocaust history. Outrage is reserved for victims of Soviet occupation British Blogger Says He Has Recording That Proves Piers Morgan Knew About PhoneHacking Gulf oil spill victims weary of wait for payouts  In other news, BP may be broken up and sold for $100 billion The former Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) Lord Macdonald was warned by his own employees as far back as 2006 that hacking was rife at Murdoch paper  has since been hired by the newspaper's owner, Rupert Murdoch Norway Police ponder new Anders Behring Breivik charge  Norwegian police are considering charging the man who admitted killing 76 people in Friday's attacks with crimes against humanity, prosecutor Christian Hatlo has said. Hamas hangs 2 convicted of spying for Israel
Father and son convicted of helping Israel target Hamas leader executed in Gaza Anders Behring Breivik appears insane, says his lawyer The victims of the Oslo bombing and Utya massacre. Updated as more names are released. China has ordered a 2month nationwide safety review of its railways amid public anger at a deadly crash between 2 bullet trains Plane crash kills 78 in Morocco  CNN UK Bans MakeUp Advertisements for being Misleading If you devote your life to spewing antiIslamic hatred, you should not be surprised if someone comes along and kills in the name of that hatred. In fact, you should expect it. Anonymous launches operation to turn Breivik into a joke If convicted, Anders Behring Breivik could be sent to this Norwegian prison, the most humane in the world A New Way to Fight Mexico's Vicious Cartels Legalizing Marijuana North Korea has forced 100,000 college students into construction labor without proper meals, even though there is no manpower shortage. Bravo UK! L'Oral's Julia Roberts and Christy Turlington ad campaigns banned for excessive airbrushing   Norways prime minister said extremist views are legitimate but violence is not.  Star Wars prop maker wins copyright battle with Lucas North Korea demands peace treaty with the US Buddhists arm themselves against Thailand's Islamic insurgency UN recognises global body for homosexuals Gays and lesbians granted consultative status at world body amid opposition from African and Islamic countries Main Lesson From The Murdoch Scandal? Corporate conglomerate power run unregulated causes great public harm and lacks the checks and balances required for there to be any accountability. Japanese police practice arresting protesters to prepare for towns upcoming dolphin hunts ExBerlusconi minister defends Anders Behring Breivik.  Northern League member says Norwegian killer's ideas are in defence of western civilisation A 19yearold man has been arrested in the Shetland Islands as part of an investigation into hacking groups, Anonymous and LulzSec. UKMurdoch given secret defence briefings had meetings with gov. ministers in current cabinet over 60 times. Ally of Berlusconi says Norway killer had 'some excellent ideas' Piers Morgan Admits Dodgy Journalistic Practices in 2009 BBC Interview. Chinese police have quelled a mass riot sparked by rumours that a disabled fruit seller had been beaten to death by local officials. Lawrence Summers On The Euro Crisis  
There is no politician who will ignore the laws of physics when building a bridge. But there is a tendency in politics in every country to suppose that the laws of economics are flexible and can be adjusted to political necessity Japan angry Fukushima citizens confront government (video) Islamophobes attempt distance themselves from Oslo perpetrator Britain Recognizes Libyan Rebels, Expels Gadhafi  Envoys Anders Breiviks embrace of Israel is the latest sign of a shift among reactionaries in Europewith fascism and Zionism going hand in hand, fueled by Islamophobia, says Michelle Goldberg.  Children in nuclearhit Fukushima are to undergo 
regular cancer tests  for the rest of their lives.  Syrian protesters 'forcibly disappeared' at rate of one every hour, say activists  Oslo Massacre Despite...Breiviks known ultraright associations, the media is at great pains to obscure the political issues raised by his atrocity and portray him as nothing more than a lone psychopath. Anger over China highspeed rail accident leads to unusually vocal protests against the government's handling of the aftermath Libyan rebel officials say Abdel Fattah Younes, who was leading the rebels'
military campaign against Muammar Gaddafi, is dead. Killer Algae Hits Brittany Beaches   Toxic gas could be as fatal to humans as to the dead boars washing ashore 19yo LulzSec Anonymous spokesman arrested in London. In the Thai Buddhist mind, almost nothing is so disturbing as harming a monk. That is exactly why insurgents shoot monks at close range. Ibrahim Qashoush's lyrics moved thousands of protesters in Syria who sang his jaunty verses at rallies, telling President Bashar Assad, Time to leave. So when his body was dumped in the river flowing through his hometown, his killers added an obvious message His throat was carved out.
 BBC News  BT ordered to block pirate links Mexican judge finds 14yearold U.S. citizen guilty of beheadings  CNN.com The United Nations has begun sending emergency humanitarian aid to Somalia in a bid to help millions there suffering from a crippling drought affecting the Horn of Africa. Still, aid groups say millions can't be reached. Swedish neoNazi site charged with hate speech for allowing a reader comment containing racial slurs to remain on the site. Cuba is close to recognizing civil unions for samesex couples Faces of 38 of the victims from Norway after police has released their names  At last! Egypt's Hosni Mubarak to face trial in Cairo Norway killer's manifesto praises Japan for not adopting multiculturalism The Norway attacks (The Big Picture) Scotland Yard LulzSec spokesman arrested UK Prime Minister adviser suggests abolition of consumer rights and jobcentres  Heavy fighting erupts in Somalia after the first aid 
delivery arrives to Mogadishu. For anyone who hasn't seen it yet, here is a brief BBC guide to the Palestinian UN recognition bid. China demands US to halt spy plane flights near Chinese coast BBC News  Why do social networks insist on having your real name? The Breakup Why Ireland Is No Longer the Vatican's Loyal Follower Guardian Let's Stop Assuming the Police are on Our Side  From mass arrests to surveillance, confidence in the Metropolitan police is at an alltime low  It was asked why we have not heard about Murdoch Phone hacking here you go. The latest on the Murdoch Phone hacking World population to surpass 7 billion in 2011 Arctic scientist who exposed climate threat to polar bear is suspended. US government conducts 'integrity inquiry' on federal biologist amid lobbying by oil firms for Arctic permits Canadians raise $2.9million for East African famine victims  Gaddafi is stronger than ever in Libya North Korea seeks peace treaty with US  Japan considers end to Antarctic whaling. Norway prime minister urges nation to embrace freedom Evil has brought out the best in us. Hatred engenders love. Anonymous no more  You cant hidefrom anybody | The Economist China's staterun media have labelled US domestic politicians dangerously irresponsible for wrangling over debt.

 In his rage against Muslims, Norway's killer was no loner Hacking judge tells press I need your help to weed out corruption Tunisian court sentences ousted president Ben Ali to 
16 years jail for corruption Turkey Military chiefs 'resign en masse' Poland finds Russia at fault for presidential jet crash A Polish report has found that Russia was partly to blame for the air crash last year which killed thenPresident Lech Kaczynski. Morrissey Norwegian killings are 'nothing' compared with McDonald's and KFC Miracle Transplant Wearing the Face of Dead Man Palestinians prepare for massive uprising There are fewer undocumented immigrants in California because many are now finding the American dream south of the border...
 Tens of thousands of Egyptian Islamists pour into Tahrir Square calling for a state bound by strict religious law  Turkey's top military chiefs 'resign' over divisions with government  Berlin's drive to recruit foreign workers proves unpopular The economic crisis has cost many skilled workers in nations like Greece or Spain their jobs. Some of them now want to try their luck in Germany. That makes labor experts happy, but many Germans are opposed to the idea. Hosni Mubarak will see trial from inside metal cage Israels citizenry seems to have collectively blown a fuse. Norwegians provoked by Fox News' coverage of 
terrorism Linking is not a crime Czech Pirate Party declares war on Big Content  How Germany plans to succeed in a nuclear free, lowcarbon economy Relatives of bananaplantation workers, political and social activists, and other civilians killed by Colombian paramilitary forces may sue Chiquita over claims of torture, extrajudicial killings, war crimes and crimes against humanity, a federal judge ruled 5 metric tons of cocaine discovered aboard sunken narcosub off Honduras Peter Svaar from Norway's broadcaster NRK was one of the first reporters at the scene of the Oslo bomb blast, and describes finding out that it was a former classmate who carried out the attacks Belarus Law Prohibits People From Standing and Doing Nothing  NYTimes.com Future of Egypt thrown into uncertainty All of Turkey's top military commanders resign in protest Mexican police arrest more than 1000 in human trafficking raids Plane crashes at Guyana airport  150 people onboard Mubarak to be tried in Cairo Unraveling the Mystery of Murderous Minds   Prison psychiatrist Theodore Dalrymple asks why we feel compelled to understand monsters like Anders Breivik, but no need to explain others' righteous behavior Vietnam shoe plant fire kills 17 At least 17 people have been killed in a fire at a shoe factory in northern Vietnam, police and local media say. Norway shooting 'The Anders Breivik I knew' Phonehacking British police widen investigations to 
computers World population to hit 7 billion this year Turkish Military Chiefs Step Down En Masse Thousands march in Israel, demanding social change Syrian forces shot dead at least 20 civilians in attacks on prodemocracy demonstrations across the country Friday, the Syrian human rights organization Sawasiah said. Growing Evidence That Libyan Rebels Killed Their Military Chief Hinckley C nuclear power station Work on the UK's first nuclear power station to be built in 20 years has got the green light, but there is still strong opposition
  Irish property crashA massive firesale of 850 properties has been launched by Ireland's bad bank, including pubs in Somerset, apartment blocks in Canary Wharf and hotels in Cork Killed top Libyan Rebel killed by lieutenants  Two Indian soldiers killed in Kashmir border clash Pictures of all the Norway victims (with brief bios) Afghans Rage at Young Lovers; A Father Says Kill Them Both  'Ecopirate' Paul Watson is in danger of losing his boat. Sea Shepherd flagship impounded in Scottish port after Maltese tuna fishery sues for 850,000 in damages  Could Iceland be a model for debtridden Europe? Iceland effectively said stuff you to the banks' creditors.  Nigeria Government vows to prosecute parents who reject polio vaccines for their children. These vaccines were suspended in 20032004 because Muslim leaders said they were causing infertility and it was a Western depopulation plot.  Israel struggles with free speech issues. public support for freespeech rights is declining in Israel and that more than one in three Israelis now say there is 'too much' free speech. Foxconn to replace workers with 1 million robots in 3 years Official London antiterrorist publication says anarchists should be reported to local police  BBC News  NoW investigator Glenn Mulcaire releases statement saying he was instructed to hack Whos Grabbing Africas Land? U.S. Speculators, Including Universities Mexico 'drug enforcer admits 1,500 killings' Brazil grapples with its violent history  For the first time, Brazil is allowing access to documents that might unmask torturers from the military dictatorship.
 Guatemalan war rape survivors 'We have no voice'  More than 100,000 women were raped in the 36year Guatemalan civil war. Despite violent retributions, they are now breaking their silence Syria Kills 145 in Hama on Ramadan Eve Iraq to buy 36 U.S. fighter jets Blair to face withering fire in Iraq report 
Chilcot criticisms said to zeroin on WMD, 'sofastyle', secret pledge to Bush, and postinvasion plans Somalia is Dying. Why Don't We Care? Magnitude6.4 earthquake hits off Japan  Chinese Nuclear Accident Alleged Venezuela plans 'to release 40% of prisoners' Libyan rebels admit to killing their leader Knife attack and explosions leave several dead in Xinjiang, China Spanish tradition of bullfighting saved, reclassified as artistic discipline despite protests from animal rights groups. BT on siteblocking We believe in an open internet  we won't do any other blocking. We will never stop our customers getting to any service they want to get to...unless a court orders us to. Fish Swim in Israels Desert Murdoch's News International ordered tech firm to massdeleted emails. HSBC posts $11.5 billion profit, announces plan to slash 25,000 more jobs Murdoch Hacked Us Too  Excoriating attack on News Corp. Not just a UK issue. And there's a lot more to it than mere tabloid vulgarity and rightwing attackdog politics GETTING BIN LADEN What happened that night in Abbottabad Chinese government censors all reports on railway crash amid unrest EU fishing fleets discarded 2.7bn (2.1m) of dead or dying cod to avoid breaking regulations, claims report, fueling  bitter debate
 Doubting Assurances, Japanese Find Radioactivity on Their Own Chinese newspapers defy government ban on negative coverage of bullet train crash North Korea 'keen' for sixparty nuclear talks North Korea says it is eager to resume sixparty talks on its nuclear programme at an early date and without preconditions. Major retail chain in Norway will stop selling violent video games after massacre In a dramatic policy shift, Israel's prime minister has agreed to negotiate the borders of a Palestinian state based on the pre1967 ceasefire line. The Rise of the MacroNationalists Chinas $2 Trillion Hole               
The US debt negotiation ceilings are going to the wire. China, the biggest holder of Treasury debt, is watching on helplessly as it gets taken to the financial cleaners. Banking giant HSBC has said it will cut 25,000 jobs by 2013 and exit operations in 20 countries Norway PM Jens Stoltenberg warns against 'witch hunt' Norway's Prime Minister, Jens Stoltenberg, has warned his compatriots not to launch a witch hunt following the deadly attacks of 22 July. A deadly weekend attack in China's restive Xinjiang region was masterminded by terrorists trained in Pakistan Civilians killed as protesters chide 'silent' West Syrian Army Kills Dozens in Assaults on Restive Cities  NYTimes.com Ritual killings and even cannibalism flare up in Liberia's election campaigns.
 Syrian forces have killed nearly 142 people, including at least 100 when the army stormed the flashpoint protest city of Hama to crush dissent on the eve of Ramadan Jordan's King Abdullah II Gets a Star Trek Theme Park A War Without Corpses In Colombia's most violent city, crime statistics get better even as the situation gets worse Lebanese Army opens fire on IsraelLebanon border.  One soldier hurt. Ramadan Massacre Videos Show Horror of Syria's Deadliest Day The EU has announced new sanctions against Syrians involved in the violent crackdown against antiregime protesters. Protests and violence continued on Monday, a day after Syrian forces killed at least 80 people. Israel agrees to negotiate over pre'67 lines Fatal Radiation Levels At Fukushima Now 'Off The Scale' It's not just Apple and Ikea, China also fakes these stores Disney, Nike, D&G, McDonald's, Starbucks and more Japanese officials are shocked after finding a new record high of radiation at Fukushima contrary to their expectations. Seeing North Korea from the Inside The people of Iceland have now twice voted not to repay international debts incurred by banks, and bankers, for which the whole island is being held responsible. With the present turmoil in European capitals, could this be the way forward for other economies? Swede busted for building a nuclear reactor in his kitchen The Audacity of the World Ignoring Somalia Korean journalist predicts collapse of North  News International ordered mass deletion of emails nine times  Phonehacking scandal Key figure at News International arrested key figure at News International, has been arrested on suspicion of conspiring to intercept communications and corruption. Italy Burqa Ban Muslim Veil Law Passes Parliamentary Commision Israeli high court finds in favor of Palestinian property rights. Syrian protesters demand action to halt killings by Bashar alAssad regime  Activists appeal to international community to increase pressure as condemnation mounts over escalating bloodshed Norway Withdraws Jets from Libya Ops Israel's supreme court ordered the evacuation of a hilltop outpost where some 250 Jewish settlers live without further delay, upholding a petition made by Palestinians and an antisettler group over five years ago Japan Nuclear Crisis Record High Radiation at Crippled Japan Nuke Plant  Murdoch creampie thrower gets 6 weeks in jail Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding Co., run by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said its associate firm, Jeddah Economic Co., had signed a 4.6 billion Saudi riyal ($1.23 billion) deal with Bin Laden Group to build the world's tallest tower in Jeddah The Shabab Islamist insurgent group, which controls much of southern Somalia, is blocking starving people from fleeing the country and setting up a cantonment camp where it is imprisoning displaced people who were trying to escape Shabab territory Egypt army breaks up protest in Cairos Tahrir Square  China Aims To Renew Status As Scientific Superpower. China was probably the world's earliest technological superpower, inventing the plow, the compass, gunpowder and block printing. Then, science in the Middle Kingdom languished for centuries. Philippine capital hit by massive floods Turkeys Generals Resign  
Good analysis of tension between the military and governing AKP. Problem is that the healthy process of asserting civilian control is being undertaken by a party that's intolerant of dissent and has been politicising the bureaucracy