 Sony announces second data breach with theft of 25m more user details Here's what the WHOLE world thinks of Osama's death.  Bonus Robert Fisk interview goodness. This is just wrong Bahrain charges doctors and nurses who treated injured antigovernment protesters; they will stand trial in military court Conservatives win majority in Canadian election NZ pushed to create copyright laws by US government The New Zealand Law Commission urges overhaul   legalizing medical marijuana, decriminalizing drug possession and smalltime drug dealing, and doing away with drug paraphernalia laws New Yorker Bin Laden compound was in Pakistani Army territory  inconceivable that they wouldn't have known about it Tomlinson unlawfully killed at G20 protests, inquest rules Air France cockpit voice recorder has now been located Tornado strikes Auckland, NZ; roof has collapsed at city's largest shopping center  Argentinians light trains on fire in anger over chronic delays, fail to improve scheduling situation. Vatican offends many by hosting Mugabe Alberta pipeline leak largest since 1975 Inquest finds G20 bystander unlawfully killed by British police officer China A total of 53 officials involved in the sale of melaminetainted milk have been punished days after 14 people were convicted of selling tainted milk powder and two of them sent to prison. Ian Tomlinson unlawfully killed by PC at G20 protest an inquest jury has found. Palestinian factions sign reconciliation deal in Egypt Japan  Radiation leaks from fuel rods suspected at 
Tsuruga plant Bin Laden was unarmed Phone call by Kuwaiti courier led to Osama Bin Laden SEALs Capture OBL Hard Drives Global Freedom of Press at Lowest Level in More Than Decade Pakistan admits Bin Laden intelligence failure UK Five arrested near Sellafield Nuclear Plant under Terrorism Act. London men stopped by officers policing nuclear site in Cumbria. North Korea has started a drive to confiscate mobile phones smuggled from China in an attempt to suppress news from the outside world British about to vote against ending of 2 party rule 
in referendum, after a NO campaign funded by 
bankers, hedgefund managers and big business. Osama unarmed when shot dead, US admits  Images reveal scale of North Korean political prison camps Bin Laden's will says his children must not join alQaida Osama bin Laden had cash totaling 500 Euros and two telephone numbers sewn into his clothing when he was killed  sure signs that he was prepared to flee his compound at a moment's notice Details on Bin Laden death photo. North Korea's political prisoners 200,000 and counting. They are kept in slave pens. The Goal Was Never to Capture Bin Laden Why the Navy SEALs were told to take no prisoners Photos show three dead men at bin Laden raid house Surveillance, Not Waterboarding, Led to bin Laden French president Nicolas Sarkozy France could recognise Palestine by the end of the year Russia's largest search engine, Yandex, confirmed that it passed confidential data to the country's state security service, FSB  Al Jazeera The Afghan reaction to Osama's death Recentlyreleased WikiLeaks doc Detained al Qaeda members have predicted nuclear reprisals if Osama bin Laden were captured or killed In Australia, anticluster bomb campaigners are furious that the government secretly worked with the US to weaken a key international treaty to ban the notorious weapons Pictures the results of US special forces' assault on Osama bin Laden's hideout in Abbottabad. [NSFW]  Graphic Images The operator of Japans Fukushima nuclear power plant says that seawater radioactivity fifteen kilometers offshore has risen significantly. TEPCO reports it is 600 times the maximum allowed by law. Ian Tomlinson unlawfully killed, inquest rules Saudis shifting most of its domestic energy use to Solar and Nuclear power, diverting more oil to export Absinthe Legalised In France For 10 years, Osama bin Laden filled a gap left by the Soviet Union. Who will be the baddie now? Revised UN report says Earth's population will hit 9,000,000,000 by 2041, 9 years earlier than previously projected I have seen a great number of poorly Photoshopped images in my time as a photographer and I can tell by the pixels that it is a fake  Mubarek may face the death penalty for ordering 800 citizens' deaths Pakistan denies knowledge of Bin Laden's location and US operation to kill Bin Laden, warns that such unilateral actions are unacceptable Last World War I combat vet dies in Australia... The Economist's obituary on Bin Laden CNN, CBS confirm No Bin Laden death photos to be released WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange says Facebook, Google, and Yahoo are being used by the U.S. intelligence community to build dossiers. MEXICO CITY   April was perhaps the cruelest month yet. More than 1,400 gangland killings were clocked, by one newspaper's count, giving April the highest death toll of the 53 months since President Felipe Calderon unleashed the military and federal police against the country's crime syndicates The head of the CIA admitted yesterday that there was no live video footage of the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound as further doubts emerged about the US version of events. Oil spill in Canada's Alberta iggest in 35 years' Infectious polio virus stolen during car hijacking Ahmadinejad allies charged with sorcery Portugal Bailout by Europe to Hit $116 Billion  Syria launches Internet sniffing attack against Facebook's SSLencrypted website by presenting users with false SSL certificate Four dead after eating raw beef at Japanese barbecue restaurant Most Wanted Nazi, 97yearold Sandor Kepiro, tried in Hungary Progress made at Fukushima nuclear plant Workers have entered a reactor building at Japans Fukushima nuclear plant for the first time since it was damaged by Marchs earthquake and tsunami. Canadian journalist for AlJazeera detained in Syria.  Pakistani Army Chief Warns U.S. on Another Raid Pakistan said it would reconsider its relationship with America in the event of another similar operation At least 21 people were killed and up to 75 wounded in a suicide car bomb attack in Iraq seen as retaliation for Osama bin Laden's killing. The head of the CIA admitted yesterday that there was no live video footage of the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound as further doubts emerged about the US version of events. Pakistani officials have told GlobalPost that the Pakistani army had full knowledge of the U.S. raid that led to the death of Osama bin Laden and that it played a larger role in the operation than previously acknowledged.   Osama bin Laden Raid Two senior Pakistani security officials . . . said there was no firefight because the inhabitants never fired back. 'The people inside the house were unarmed. There was no resistance,' one of the officials said. 'It was coldblooded,' said the second official when asked if Burma   Crisis in Shan State Pakistan Islamist party pushes for mass rally Friday  Pakistan's most influential Islamist party urged its followers to hold mass protests on Friday, to demand the government withdraw its support for the US war on militancy. Why the U.S. mistrusts Pakistan's spies Workers enter Japan nuclear reactor building 97 year old on trial for Nazi war crimes Brazil's Supreme Court unanimously approves samesex civil unions. UK journalist suggests that the unemployed, or people on low incomes, should not be allowed to vote... Its time to restore the link between paying something into society and voting on decisions about how it is run Germany Cops attend a peaceful protest undercover... get mazed and punched in the face by cops on duty for no reason. Pakistan, who has received over $20 billion in U.S. aid since the September 11 attacks,  pays U.S. lobbyists to deny it helped bin Laden AlQaida confirms Osama bin Laden's death Scotland likely to hold referendum for independence from the United Kingdom What Happened to Air France Flight 447?  The vanishing of Flight 447 was easy to bend into myth. No other passenger jet in modern history had disappeared so completely  without a Mayday call or a witness or even a trace on radar. New Zealand parliament site shut down by Anonymous following copyright law changes. Hamas leader calls to keep truce with Israel Spanish court surprises everyone by imposing sentences of 439 years each to Somali pirates. Canadian Roman Catholic bishop pleaded guilty to trying to import child pornography after he was arrested returning from a trip to Thailand Egypt presidential frontrunner Moussa puts Israel on notice Mubarak had a certain policy, it was his own policy and I don't think we have to follow this, he said. We want to be a friend of Israel, but it has to have two parties, it is not on Egypt to be a friend. Israel has to be a friend, too. Osama bin Laden dead hitech secret may end up in China Syrian activists are preparing to take to the streets on Friday for what they are calling a day of defiance The real meaning of Bin Laden's death Liberal Democrats suffer bloodbath in UK elections The Liberal Democrats have paid a heavy electoral price for their decision to form a coalition with the Conservatives last year China Tries to Silence American Advocacy Site With Attacks, FBI Fires Back 5.3 quake jolts Fukushima. A suicide bomber drives a car packed with explosives into a police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Hilla, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens more.  China blasts US government for operation that killed Osama  China holds that the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of any country should be respected, said Jiang Yu, a spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry Protesters 'shot dead' in Syrian 'day of defiance' Whatever the legality of Osama bin Laden's apparent execution, he was certainly a murderer. But what are US drone attacks? War Dogs There's a reason they brought a dog to the raid on Osama bin Laden...because they are awesome. Assassination
A messy business
When a state kills its enemies remotely, the law gets tangled Kidnappings scare rich Russian parents After 16yearold disappears, Russians fear return to violence The four Mounties involved in the Taser death of Robert Dziekanski in October 2007 will face criminal charges A Canadian Court of Appeal rules that Toronto judge was justified in freeing alleged Al Qaeda collaborator given the gravity of human rights abuses committed by the US in connection with his capture in Pakistan Pakistan leaks Bin Laden death scene photos Mexican President Calderon faces mounting anger over failed antidrug polices and violence Massive demonstration set for Sunday in Mexico City to denounce the government's failure to stem the bloodshed Gaddafi forces bombards Misratas port using new type of weapon  Chinesemade variant of a Grad rocket that opens in flight and drops mines to the ground Bali bomber captured down the road of Osama bin Laden compound Clinton raises alarm on rising food prices China's Growing Interests in Siberia  There are just 6 million Russians left on the Siberian side of the border with China. Ninety million Chinese, backed by a voracious economy, live on the other side.  EU approves $124 million in aid to PA after Israel blocks transfer of Palestinian funds AlQaeda statement on bin Laden's death The power struggle between Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is continuing to escalate, even interrupting Friday Prayer.

 Philippine city holds mass circumcision for boys Protesters in Yemen seeking to oust the president release tens of thousands of colorful balloons with the message Leave, Ali.
 Contrary to a widely held belief that Bin Laden was on dialysis to treat a kidney ailment, Pakistani investigators said...that his youngest wife told them that he was healthy..that Bin Laden had long recovered from two kidney surgeries a decade or more ago in southern Afghanistan, in part by using Five dead, 54 wounded in Egyptian sectarian clashes  Five people were killed and more than 54 were wounded in a sectarian clash in Egypt on Saturday over a Christian woman who had allegedly converted to Islam, health officials said Conservatives are 'ruthless, calculating and thoroughly tribal', says Business Secretary Vince Cable  Arrests show Ahmadinejad under increasing pressure from Irans clerics  The Washington Post Humorous Portuguese response to Finland's block on Portugal's bailout Syria Revolution on campus  The protest movement spreads to Damascus University The most surprising demographic crisis  
A new census raises questions about the future of Chinas onechild policy.   After Osama, China fears the next target AV referendum Yes campaign handed thumping defeat with Lib Dems wounded as UK votes to maintain firstpastthepost Euro falls on rumours Greece is to quit the eurozone Tepco starts flooding No. 1 reactor vessel. Venezuelas Chavez enacts three new laws to dignify urban life When a Toronto cop went on a routine visit to Osgoode Hall Law School to advise the students on personal safety, little did he know that he would unwittingly inspire a movement that has caught fire across Canada and the US Turkey's plan to require Internet users to choose one of four contentfiltering packages is unconstitutional and violates the right to freedom of expression, says experts Hamas breaks up probin Laden rally in Gaza Muslims attack church in Egypt 6 killed and 120 injured Osama bin Laden's death What the Arab papers say  Pakistan Still Holding Bin Laden's Wives, Children.  Pakistani authorities, who were deeply embarrassed by the raid, are not allowing the CIA access to them, the Foreign Ministry said. Europe's debts  mapped Japan Nuclear Crisis Fukushima Groundwater Contamination Worst in Nuclear History U.S.Japan joint survey reveals high radiation beyond evacuation zone Greece 'Only tourism can save us'  With debts of 340bn, Greece is turning to its cultural heritage to attract a better class of visitor and make tourism the engine of the Greek economy. PETROL pumps across the UK will start running out of fuel tomorrow, according to a protest group plotting to bring the country to a standstill. Former Mossad chief Israel air strike on Iran 'stupidest thing I have ever heard' Mexicans Thinking Egyptian  
Can the Growing Protest Movement Save Mexico's Democracy? Egyptian military arrests 190 in church attack  China sets up new agency to tighten Net control;  official says most governments also censor unsavory Internet content The story of the conflict between Iranian President Ahmadinejad and Supreme Leader Ali Khamene'i Move Japans parliament to Fukushima says lawmaker A Japanese lawmaker said that his country should move its parliament to Fukushima to provide an economic boost and show confidence in a region struck by a nuclear crisis after a massive earthquake. Muslim mobs in militaryruled Egypt set churches on fire, 12 killed overnight.  Osama Bin Laden Videos Released by Government Scottish independence Cameron gives green light; he will not put up any legal or political objections to a vote. Osama was in active control of Al Qaeda  As many as 8,000 people are missing or in detention in Syria since the unrest began in midMarch, according to Insan, a Syriafocused humanrights group based in Spain. Between 650 and 850 people have been killed since then, according to estimates of various human rights groups.

 The UK's wealthiest people have rebounded from the recession increasing their worth by 18% in the past year, the Sunday Times Rich List says. Cuba dissident Juan Wilfredo Soto 'dies after arrest' A Cuban government opponent has died several days after being arrested and allegedly beaten by police, dissidents have said.  Egypt vows to tackle interfaith violence Mexico's failed war against the drug gangs  Mexicans are calling for an end to the battle against organised crime that has cost 40,000 lives Ecuador bans 500yrold tradition of bullfighting; voters in a referendum held on Saturday also outlawed cockfighting and casino gambling Coastal cities in Japan now flood at high tide due to shifting by quake The Pakistan government has decided not to conduct an inquiry of any kind at any level whatsoever about the Abbottabad incident to find those responsible for intelligence failure and violation of Pakistani borders and sovereignty. Malawi expels UK diplomat after UK remarks that the country doesn't tolerate criticism. Nato units left 61 African migrants to die of hunger and thirst. Boat trying to reach Lampedusa was left to drift in Mediterranean for 16 days, despite alarm being raised. 'Being gay is a sin' Swedish Salvation Army  Leading members of the Salvation Army in Sweden told an undercover journalist that homosexual sex is a sin and offered to ask God to help free the reporter from the condition. In the ancient Bahraini village of Aali, where some graves date to 2000 B.C., a mosque had stood for more than 400 years  one of the handsomest Shiite Muslim mosques in this small island nation. Today, only bulldozer tracks remain Wikileaked Gitmo interrogations reveal Pakistani ISI sent terrorists to India where they bombed, kidnaped and killed Kashmiri people. Pakistan spy agency's alleged role in Mumbai terrorist attacks to be revealed Concerted Media Efforts To Smear UK Tax Protesters; the group's core argument, that the state could save billions by pursuing corporate tax avoidance instead of cutting public services, is gaining ground. A ship carrying up to 600 migrants trying to flee Libya has sunk just off the coast of the North African country It gets worse. Pakistan maybe headed to a military coup after the ISI outed the identity of the CIA station chief. The Taliban released a video of a Canadian man captured this year in a volatile province of central Afghanistan and said he would be put on trial for spying unless Canada's government accepted unspecified demands for his release. Tripoli finally beginning to rise up against Gadaffi! Osama Bin Laden Aided by Rogue or Retired Elements of Pakistani Intelligence, Government Official Says Japan Earthquake Two Months Later Tens of thousands of Mexicans march for peace, demand end to violence  They called for Public Security Secretary Genaro Garcia Luna to resign Oil Wealth, U.S. Backing Enables Saudi Arabia to Crush Dissent in Bahrain and at Home Libyan gangrape victim Eman alObeidy flees to Tunisia The Royal Navys latest 1.2 billion nuclear submarine, HMS Astute, has been towed back to base after it suffered a technical issue with hydraulics,  a malfunction which could have killed the entire crew. Japan and US plan to jointly build nuclear waste  storage facility in Mongolia Osama bin Laden must have had Pakistan support network, says Obama Rio's innovative solution for getting rid of it's slums for the Olympics removing them from Google Maps A military crackdown on Syrias sevenweek uprising escalated Sunday, with reinforcements sent to two cities, more forces deployed in a southern town and nearly all communications severed to besieged locales Japan Prime Minister will give up his salary until the nuclear crisis is over.  Tony Blair used 400,000 pounds from a fund for disadvantaged children to set up an office in a fivestar hotel in West Asia Microsoft closing in on $7 billion deal to buy Skype.   As the Arab Spring proves, Bin Laden had already lost By the time he was killed, bin Laden had already lost the battle for the hearts and minds of a new generation of Arabs. Indian Supreme Court  'Honour' killers should hang Christians in Egypt say they are under organized attack.   How An Italian Pilot Began The Air War Era  
In Libya, almost exactly a century ago, a young Italian pilot carried out the first ever air raid. His extraordinary letters home begin Today two boxes of bombs arrived. We are expected to throw them from our planes NATO may have decided killing Gaddafi best way to end war Rumors he may be dead or seriously wounded are starting to surface, as he has not been seen in public since April 30th. SYRIA Amateur video said to show government agents crushing protest
 UK police trained secret terror squads Indian women were subjected to virginity tests in the 1970s before being allowed entry into the United Kingdom Dozens of academics have called for the immediate reinstatement of a Nottingham University lecturer, who was suspended for writing an article criticising the university's treatment of a student arrested by antiterror police in 2008 Blindfolded, beaten and tortured grim new testimony reveals fate of Bahrain's persecuted doctors Russia considers chemical castration for sex offenders.  Six orphan girls aged between 12 and 18 have been flogged in Saudi Arabia after being convicted of acts of mischief and attacking the head of their orphanage The Indian Supreme Court warned that perpetrators of 'honour killings' could face death penalty, saying that the crime meets the rarestofrare criterion laid down by it to award capital punishment.  Bosnia facing a serious crisis. 13 killed in clash on MexicoU.S. border lake At least 82 dead in southern Sudan, including women and children, as rebels continue attacks ahead of region's independence in July EU slaps sanctions on top Syrians including president's brother The Coming Euro CrackUp  
The European project wont go quietly into the night. But it might go noisily into the ashcan of history if the Germans decide they can't convert the Greeks into hardworking, taxpaying eurocitizens worthy of continuing handouts Some observers allege that the sudden emergence of Salafis is orchestrated by Saudi Arabia, which seeks to abort the Egyptian revolution for fear that the same revolutionary model would be reproduced on its soil. Japan Scraps Plan for New Nuclear Plants Rights group More than 750 killed, 9,000 people detained in Syria government crackdown on dissent  400 insurgents attack police in northeast Afghanistan The entertainment industries' copyright lobby supports an LEWP proposal to introduce Europewide firewall to censor and block illicit websites The Pirate Bay team is rallying public support to defend the free Internet and end this threat Statement From the Family of Osama bin Laden Japan's TEPCO likely to pay $50 billion worth of claims for those affected by the nuclear meltdown. Their solution? Cut the President and 6 Exec VPs salaries to ZERO.  Ugandas antigay bill disappears from parliaments agenda after global outcry Egypt has announced that it will open its border crossing with Gaza on a permanent basis, reversing Egypt's collusion with Israel's blockade.  Israel admits it covertly canceled residency status of 140,000 Palestinians UN report Israel confiscated 35% of Jerusalem territories for settlements Libyan rebels have captured Misrata airport, driving back troops loyal to Col Muammar Gaddafi Congo 433,785 women raped in 1 year. Deadly earthquake rocks Lorca in southern Spain Saudi conservatives would prefer to keep their girls illiterate than sending them to schools where they would have to sit with boys. Greece will crash. Deficitreduction targets have been missed and the economy is a mess. Christian extremists in Ugandas parliament are about to subject gay men to punishment of biblical proportions. They have introduced a bill that seeks life imprisonment for gay sex and, for repeat offenders, the death penalty  Irish Minister Copyright monopoly Is Bad For Our Businesses And Economy The proposed Third Intifada is meant to involve the entire Arab world. Now free to demonstrate, Egyptians are planning a millionman march for May 15th to support the Palestinians. Ugandan parliament drops bill that would jail gay people for life German railway nixes Israel rail project Libyan officials confirmed that Gaddafi had been in the home of Saif alArab, when at least two bombs dropped by Nato jets hit the family compound. Gaddafi not seen in public since then. India releases list of 50 most wanted fugitives hiding in Pakistan Syrian security forces have killed 18 people, including 8yearold boy Radiation Found in 19 Japanese Containers in Rotterdam; Five Quarantined. Missing AlJazeera (and former Seattle) journalist Dorothy Parvaz reportedly deported to Iran after being captured in Syria. Japan The Environment Ministry estimates that the maximum amount of electricity possible from wind power generation in northeastern Japan would exceed the energy now being generated by domestic nuclear plants. Pakistani parliamentarians were stunned on Tuesday when a lawmaker led prayers for al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden Egypt to lift restrictions on building churches Israel revokes residency of 140,000 Palestinians in West Bank. Any resident who temporarily left the state after 1967 for vacation/work/study is targeted. PLO calls it war crime. Heartbreaking Video During Daraa siege, people couldn't even pick up dead bodies  [NSFW]  Organic farming  India's future perfect? India's struggling farmers are starting to profit from organic living. Not only are incomes of organic farmers soaring  by 30% to 200%  but their yields are rising as the pesticidepoisoned land is repaired through natural farming methods.  Two Scalps in One Day  
Germany's AntiPlagiarism Activists on a Roll
  
The online community of antiplagiarism activists in Germany are uncovering academic cheating and caused another leading FDP politician to resign  For a man on the run, Osama bin Laden seemed to do very little running. Instead, he chose to spend long stretches  possibly years  in one place and often in the company of his family. Fukushima fuel Rods Fully Exposed After a trial lasting almost 18 months, John Demjanjuk, a retired American autoworker who has been the subject of more than three decades of legal proceedings over his Naziera past, was convicted by a court here on Thursday of helping to force some 28,000 Jews to their deaths during the Holocaust.  More than one in 10 Mexican households forced to pay a bribe in 2010 Security forces in Bahrain are targeting medics for arrest and torturing them to get false and forced confessions   An FBI report kept secret for 25 years said the Soviet Union quite likely fabricated evidence central to the prosecution of John Demjanjuk. 'Drone strike' kills several in Pakistan It is simply not possible that the policies being inflicted on Greece, Ireland and now Portugal will reduce the debt burden of those countries  the very opposite will happen, as was seen from Zambia in the 1980s to Argentina at the beginning of the last decade.  The amount of water leaking from one of the reactors at Fukushima is much greater than previously thought, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Thursday, a finding that points to severe damage to the reactor and could force a change in plans for stabilizing the unit. Geert Wilders on Canada 1. Canada should ban the burka; 2. Theres no such thing as moderate Islam; 3. The Muslims are taking over; 4. Brown people go home; 5. Muslims are a threat to gay rights. Chinese Frauds Account For 80% Of Nasdaq Permanent Trading Halts David Cameron has triggered a row with military chiefs by insisting that hundreds of British troops must be withdrawn from Afghanistan within weeks. Japan Nuclear Reactor Damage Worse Than Expected Fukushima Reactor 4 Building in Danger of Collapse? Iran bans books from International book fair Activist battles Kenyan tradition of rape eading' Kan orders slaughter of all livestock in 20km hot zone NATO tries assassinating Gaddafi again.  3 dead, 27 wounded in new missile attack. Syrian army shells neighborhoods
 Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales has waded into the debate over superinjunctions, saying current privacy laws are a human rights violation. Fuel rods in the core of the No. 1 reactor are fully exposed. SEAL helmet cams recorded entire bin Laden raid  CBS Evening News   Authorities at Bangkok's international airport arrested a firstclass passenger Friday [13 May 2011] whose suitcases were filled with baby leopards, panthers, a bear and monkeys. The animals had been drugged and were headed for Dubai. In a twist of irony, Wikileaks has coerced its volunteers into signing draconian confidentiality agreements Osama's neighbours say Pakistan knew Pakistani security agents told them to stay inside and turn off their lights Woman Beheaded in Shop in Teneriefe The Taliban has admitted to twin bomb attacks against a Pakistani paramilitary academy. 80 cadets were killed and 120 wounded in this effort to avenge Osama Bin Laden's death. Syrians try to rescue dying mother and son after being shot by government forces (NSFW) Ten of thousands of Egyptians rally in Tahrir Square against attacks on Christians and in solidarity with Palestinians and Arab revolutionaries Mexico's drugs war escalates as eight headless bodies discovered in Durango SEAL helmet cams recorded entire bin Laden raid Thousands of people rallied in Cairo's Tahrir Square on Friday calling for national unity after attacks on Egyptian churches, and solidarity with the Palestinians. Moammar Gadhafi may have fled Tripoli and a top Catholic official in that city reports that the Libyan strongman has been hurt, the Italian foreign minister said Friday. Bahrain targets Shia religious sites At least 28 mosques and Shia religious institutions have been destroyed since the crackdown on Shialed protests began in MidMarch Confirmed quake/tsunami dead reaches 15,000, of which 12,838 have been identified; 9,506 missing; 500 new deaths attributed to indirect postquake trauma such as stress and illness (Japanese report). The mission to destroy bin Laden, and his network, sparked the creation of a chillingly bureaucratic process for deciding who would be on 'kill lists,' authorized for death at the hands of the CIA. It revolutionized the use of pilotless drones to find and attack militants; drove the controversially Pakistani Taliban avenges Bin Laden killing by blowing up Other Muslim Pakistanis... Europe moves to end passportfree travel in migrant row Gadhafi has very likely left Tripoli and has most likely been wounded, Italian foreign minister says Democratically elected communists ousted in election TEPCO Admits Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Reactor Unit 1 'In State of Meltdown', Fuel Rods Exposed 
Radiation said leaking from holes in bottom of container vessel... The U.N. panel investigating Israels deadly raid on a Gazabound aid flotilla faces a major stalemate, with Turkey threatening to drop out over wording in a draft report that it sees as favoring the Israeli view.
 Scientists cure cancer, nobody takes notice. Fukushima farmers ordered to abandon their livestock Japan reactor leak 'serious setback'Radioactive water pouring from troubled reactors is hindering efforts to bring the nuclear power plant under control. Top Pakistani Spy Denounces U.S. Before Parliament NeoNazi March stopped by counterprotesters in Berlin Fukushima Gaseous and liquid releases continue unabated.  With a meltdown at Unit 1, Unit 4 leaning and facing possible collapse, several units contaminating ground water, and area children outside the exclusion zone receiving adult occupational radiation doses. Situation worsens China says Ai Weiwei will be punished. Qatarbased alJazeera provided intense coverage of the uprisings in the Middle East, almost cheering along the protesters. But when tanks from Saudi Arabia rolled in to neighboring Bahrain in, the  networks reporting was only sporadic and markedly neutral, critics say. Acid blinding sentence postponed by Iran after international outcry In a literal application of the sharia law of an eye for an eye, Majid Movahedi was scheduled to be rendered unconscious in Tehran's judiciary hospital while his victim, Ameneh Bahrami, dropped acid in both his eyes! Pornography found in bin Laden hideout How North Koreans get their laughs By reinterpreting Party slogans, North Koreans show their sense of humor as well as their growing dislike of the regime. The governments of Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay are drafting laws to curb acquisition by foreigners of extensive tracts of their fertile agricultural land.
 India's Supreme Court has ordered a twomonth ban on the production and sale of a widely used pesticide that can cause nerve damage to humans and wildlife. Third worker dies at Japan nuclear plant after conducting repair work on one of the stricken nuclear reactors
 Fukushima Daiichi plant worker dies An Iranian man found guilty of using acid to blind a woman who refused to marry him now will have the same done to him as punishment  and she'll be the one who carries out the sentence, her lawyer says. BBC News  Singapore founding father Lee Kuan Yew resigns The European Union is warning Denmark its plans for customs checks may violate EU law and the Schengen free travel agreement. Could the UK lose Scotland? What Scottish secession would mean for the union Turkey threatened to drop out of a United Nations panel investigating Israel's deadly raid on the aid flotilla, saying the wording of the draft report was in favor of Israel. What four miles of Yemeni protesters looks and sounds like Flood of North African refugees to Italy ends EU passportfree travel Uganda antigay bill pushed out of parliament! Greek crisis forces thousands of Athenians into rural migration. Debt, unemployment and poverty is causing mass unrest and thousands to seek a cheaper lifestyle outside the capital
 A worker at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant fell unconscious at work on Saturday and later died. Japanese officials detect radioactive incinerator ashes in Tokyo, other prefectures World population to reach 10 billion by 2085. In 1950, 32% of the worlds people lived in todays rich countries. By 2100, only 13% will. Egypt Muslim Brotherhood leader to Washington Post We are not threatening Israel. [...] Israel is not under threat from Arabsit is under threat from inside Israel, from its leaders like Netanyahu and Lieberman. It is under threat from Israelis. Pakistan's Reaction To Osama's Killing Shows It's A Country Of Contradictions Louis Vuitton's sued artist Nadia Plesner for her painting that included a child from Darfur holding a designer purse. European Court rules freedom of expression about Darfur more important than Louis Vuitton's trademark Blackwater hired by the crown prince of Abu Dhabi to put together an 800member battalion of foreign troops for the U.A.E., according to former employees on the project, American officials and corporate documents obtained by The New York Times. Dominique Strauss Kahn, head of the IMF, arrested in New York on charges of sexual assault. Thousands of pictures stitched together for a fully interactive 360 degree view of space.  Breath taking. Where Are the Human Rights Groups? Where Are the Media?   The case of the Yemeni poet who just had his tongue cut out appears to be one of the most horrifying crimes against those who dare to express their views in public. Australian dies planking.  IMF head arrested for sexual attack Fukishima pressure vessels 1, 2, and 3 likely to be damaged and leaking water. Building 4 explosion due to #3. 9 Killed as Israel Clashes With Palestinians on Four Borders  deadly clashes erupted on Sunday as thousands of Palestinians  marching from Syria, Lebanon, Gaza and the West Bank  confronted Israeli troops to mark the anniversary when Arabs mourn Israels creation IDF opens fire as mass numbers infiltrate from Syria; four reportedly killed {CNN also reports heavy fire at Gaza crossing could be a bad day} Blackwater founder creating an 800member battalion of foreign troops to thwart uprisings UAE 
French political bigshot who heads the International Monetary Fund was arrested for allegedly sodomizing a Manhattan hotel maid today  getting hauled off an Air France flight just moments before takeoff from Kennedy Airport Japanese engineers have abandoned their latest attempt to stabilise a stricken reactor at the Fukushima nuclear plant.  Thousands protest Turkish internet censorship bill in Istanbul David Mitchell If Scotland does secede, I won't be alone in mourning for my country. 1 killed, 16 hurt as truck plows into cars, pedestrians in suspected Tel Aviv terror attack Amazing footage of massive peaceful crowd chanting in Sana'a, Yemen Police Mothers strangle their 2 newly married daughters in honor killing in northern India
 The operator of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant says it may take a number of years to remove damaged nuclear fuel rods from the Number 1 reactor. Japan's nuclear crisis has influenced a protest movement in India that is violently opposing plans to build the world's largest nuclear plant. Council of Europe committee rules that mobile phones and computers with wireless internet connections should be banned from schools In northeast India coal towns, many miners are children Thousands of underage workers as young as 8 leave school to work in coal mines under perilous conditions. India officially upholds mining safety standards & forbids child labor, but loopholes in laws allow widespread abuses. Witness expected to testify in Chicago trial that he laid the groundwork for the 2008 Mumbai, India terrorist attack with $25,000 from an officer in Pakistans powerful intelligence service. Eight killed as Israeli troops open fire on Nakba Day border protests  Former owner of Blackwater 'training private foreign legion' How one Japanese village defied the tsunami While most of the world is debating the future of nuclear power in their countries, Poland's parliament voted overwhelmingly in favor for the construction of the countries first Nuclear reactor.  Former Israeli soldiers break the silence on military violations A once unimaginable movement is emerging from within Israel's insular Orthodox Jewish community homosexuals demanding to be accepted and embraced, no matter what the Bible says. Turkish government wants users to install filters before accessing the Internet, and the list of blocked websites is classified  thousands protested both online and on the streets against this new Internet controls Egypt in crisis talks as Muslim mobs attack Christian churches Thousands flee as a Canadian town burns to the ground Israeli soldiers open fire on demonstrators Selfish jerks 1. Earth 0. Two tiny islands in the heart of a South Asian marine reserve sunk into the sea after fisherman plundered the coral reefs that kept them afloat. Japan widens the evacuation zone around Fukushima Tens of thousands march in Spain to protest against austerity measures, banks, politicians 'Catastrophic' picture emerges of Syrian town At least eight people were killed Sunday in Talkalakh  the most recent casualties from a government crackdown that already has killed more than 800 people nationwide since midMarch [...] The Vatican told bishops around the world Monday [16 May 2011] that it was important to cooperate with police in reporting priests who rape and molest children and said they should develop guidelines for preventing sex abuse by next May. But the suggestions in the letter...are vague and nonbinding At least 27 people decapitated in Guatemala
 Palestinians test tactic of unarmed mass marches Solvakia, Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have decided to form a battle group by 2016, to check growing Russian influences in the former Soviet zone. I played dead when they stabbed me in the stomach. Then I hid and left at around 5am and I came across a pile of human heads, he said. Wow...I don't even know what to say to that. Netanyahu Israel willing to cede 'parts of our homeland' for true peace China Ai Weiwei's wife allowed visit. Artist described as tense, conflicted during first contact since he was detained. Fukushima Reactor 1 melted down, 2 and 3 may 
have too India removes 142 alleged terrorists from blacklist, clearing Sikh separatists to travel freely Ayatollah claims that Ahmadinejad has been bewitched by a senior aid Israeli naval forces fired warning shots at a Malaysian ship carrying aid to Gaza as it approached the shore, forcing it to withdraw to Egyptian waters Arab protesters descend on Israeli borders Thousands of Arab protesters marched on Israel's borders with Syria, Lebanon and Gaza on Sunday in an unprecedented wave of demonstrations, Iran and North Korea appear to have been regularly exchanging ballistic missile technology. Gadhafi's new weapon Fill an inflatable boat with explosives, put mannequins in it, and send it out to sea in search of a humanitarian aid ship to destroy Saudi woman drives her own car for four days, world doesn't implode. Cooling system of Fukushima plant's No. 1 reactor was not functioning before tsunami The good news  Thailand jungles mask surprise rise in tiger numbers Where is Khaled? Saudi man goes missing after giving interview to the foreign press. Italy upgrades palestinian delegation in Rome to embassy status Pakistani troops open fire on ISAF helicopters at Afghan border McDonalds Replaces Cashiers with TouchScreens
European restaurants test selfcheckout model All 17 German nuclear reactors now look set to close by 2022 at the latest. UK government's terrorism watchdog has warned police not to misuse antiterror laws to round up innocent people  particularly in the runup to the Olympics World in the Throes of a Human Rights Revolution, Says Amnesty International TEPCO admits nuclear meltdown occurred at Fukushima reactor 16 hours after quake Bomb found on bus in Ireland ahead of queens visit Guatemala 27 massacred, decapitated in Petn by paramilitary drug gang Los Zetas Six weeks after Chinese authorities scooped him up at the Beijing airport to be held on vague charges, acclaimed international artist Ai Weiwei was finally permitted to see his wife on Sunday. It marked the first time anyone from the outside world had seen Ai since his detention. US to deploy troops if Pak nukes come under threat  US troops will be deployed in Pakistan if the nation's nuclear installations come under threat from terrorists out to avenge the killing of Osama bin Laden, the Sunday Express can reveal. Tanks storm southern city as Syria denies mass grave Denmark wants the North Pole  The Danish government is planning to officially announce that it is to lay claim to the North Pole, according to a draft DanishFaroeseGreenland strategy which Information has obtained. Fukushima Daiichi cooling system was shutdown manually ahead of Tsunami possibly to prevent damage to the reactors. Japanese gov will urge TEPCO to explain how and why the measure was taken. Japanese Officials Ignored or Concealed Dangers Illegal Trade in Bear Bile Flourishes throughout Asia its used in traditional medicine is rampant throughout 12 Asian countries, despite national and international laws banning or limiting the practice Syrian mass grave found near Deraa President of Guatemala delcares state of emergency over massacre. TEPCO documents reveal chaos at Fukushima nuke plant after quake, tsunami German paper Iran is building rocket launch bases in Venezuela
 Filipino president says he's ready to accept excommunication from church for promoting free access to condoms Madrid, Spain, right now. The protests keep on growing. For the second consecutive day, thousands of people have taken the streets of Spain Syrian security forces open fire on an ambulance attempts to rescue an injured man, the driver and the medic receive direct hits. Canadians kept in dark from a very long list of toxins introduced into drinking water due to shale gas 'fracking' and Exxon Mobile goes on Shale Gas adspree on hulu Guatemalans sue US for deliberately spreading illness in 1940s experiment Germany vs. Greece  German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday evening blasted Greece and demanded that Athens raise the retirement age and reduce vacation days.  Autocrats Gain Ground in Middle East  
Burning churches in Cairo, dead and wounded in Syria, Libya and Yemen, and a deathly silence in Bahrain. The Arab protest movement has come to a standstill, and the kings, emirs and sultans are rallying to launch a counterrevolution. Chilling Story Of Genius In A Land Of Chronic Unemployment  Meet the Yahoo boys of Nigeria, successors of the 419 scammers. Astounding computer skills, masters of human manipulation. New con involves online dating. We use our brains to get what we want. For us its the only way to live Protests in Afghanistan turn violent Thousands of Afghans, claiming NATO again killed civilians, take to the streets North Korea's Food Shortage 'We Cannot Leave the Children to Die' Naked sex workers try to set themselves on fire in Seoul protest [NSFW] Gaddafi's Wife & Daughter flee to Tunisia [no Al Jazeera English article up yet] Japanese Cabinet adviser  Radioactive water dumped into Pacific Ocean because of strong request from the United States U.S. slaps sanctions on Syrian President Bashar alAssad and six other top officials for crackdown on prodemocracy protesters Canadians secretly added to U.S. security list WikiLeaks Spanish youth rally in Madrid echoes Egypt protests Ethiopia is facing 30% inflation along with an impending drought. Things aren't looking great. Wondering why none of this is even being spoken of in international media Medvedev warns of new Cold War over US missile defense system Bin Laden killing 'may set precedent' MPs are told  Osama Bin Laden's death may come to be seen as a precedent for targeted killings by states in the future, a report written for MPs has suggested. Democracia Real Ya The organization behind the protests in Spain By any rational standard, Stephen Harper and his minions should have been obliterated at the polls on May 2; instead, they will form a majority government based on 40% of the popular vote.  AlJazeera journalist Dorothy Parvez released Korean sex workers protest brothels crackdown Blackwaters Erik Prince is setting up noMuslims battalion for Abu Dhabi to use against revolution... and Iran (approx. 246) As the Japanese government and TEPCO struggle to bring the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant under control, a group of pensioners has decided to put their lives at risk to save younger people from radiation.
  Randal Munroe, creator of XKCD, responds to Ben Stein's comments about Dominique StraussKahn The Middle East is running dry. The most waterstressed nations on Earth are all in the Middle East and North Africa. Add surging populations and food and energy costs, and trouble seems inevitable Designer of China's Great Firewall reportedly pelted with shoes and egg Israel rejects total pullback to 1967 borders First Habitable Planet Confirmed by French Scientists Company Director doesn't give his staff a wage rise because they would only mismanage their money TEPCO posts photos of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant getting hit by the tsunami (links below the 2nd photo) You Need To Be Watching What's Developing In Spain Right Now Whistleblower says Russian troops fed dog food China acknowledges Three Gorges dam 'problems' How Does a Socialist Public Servant Pay for $3,000aNight Hotel Suites and FirstClass Flights? Israeli attach expelled from Russia over spying allegations Russia threatens nuclear buildup over U.S. missile shield China has drastically cut the number of deaths from HIVAids by handing out free drugs. An opinion poll in France, taken before his first court appearance on Monday and released on Wednesday, showed that more than half the population believe StraussKahn was set up. Ethiopia rebels say govt troops killed 100 civilians;1 UN worker dead, 2 missing Levels of ocean radionuclides at least order of magnitude higher than Chernobyl. A swarm of bees delays flights at Philippine airport Women in Turkey
Behind the veil Womens influence in politics is growing, but it is still small Second Iranian flotilla of solidarity with 120 supporters of Bahraini dissidents blocked from entering kingdom  Military tanker plane loaded with 158,000 pounds of fuel just crashed Support for Swedish NATO membership drops  Fewer Swedes support Swedish membership in NATO and roughly half are outright opposed to the idea, a new poll shows. Mexico town stands up to drug gangs with barricade Triple bombing kills 27 at Iraqi police station Wikileaks releases the Pakistan Papers China Gives Pakistan 50 Fighter Jets police shuts down german pirate party servers (scroll down for english text) Spain protests spreading across Europe!!!! Norway Stops Aid Payments To Greece Amazonian Tribe has no concept of time Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein froze payment of 235 million kroner ($42 million) in European Economic Area grants to Greece because the government didn't meet the obligations linked to the funds. NATO aircraft sank eight warships belonging to Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi's forces in overnight attacks Watch the protests in Spain live right now. Wow! China 'Asks USA To Respect Pak Sovereignty' |  China has warned in unequivocal terms that any attack on Pakistan would be construed as an attack on China. The warning was formally conveyed by the Chinese foreign minister at last week's ChinaUS strategic dialogue talks in Washington WikiLeaks Pakistan's airmen were being radicalized and were sabotaging Pakistani F16s deployed for security operations along the Afghan border Journalist missing in Libya was killed six weeks ago, but the regime opted to hide news of his death Tahrir Square in Madrid  Young people in Madrid have occupied the city's Puerta del Sol square in protest against high unemployment and the political establishment. Wiki Report  Russia sabotaged Iran nuclear Programme Spain's Icelandic Revolt; Protests Spread to Italy NATO destroys 8 Libyan warships The Second Egyptian Revolution Has Been Scheduled For May 27 The Myth of a Lazy Southern Europe  Merkel earlier this week strongly hinted that Southern Europeans take too much vacation and retire too early. It is an image many Germans share of Greece, Spain and Portugal. But how true are these clichs? This is not an honor killing. I hope all of us will stop using this term. It has nothing to do with honor. It only has to do with taking the life of a human being A Defiant 'Spanish Revolution' in pictures. Syrian forces 'fire on Homs protesters' Witnesses say at least nine killed, including two boys, in latest protests against Syrian president Bashar alAssad. A German insurer hosted a sex party for top agents that featured prepaid prostitutes and transformed an historic bathhouse into an openair brothel. Deadly Clashes in Afghanistan German Soldiers Fired Deliberately at Protesters China has expanded export quotas for rare earth metals, further tightening its grip on the minerals used in a number of hightech electronics. Syrian Forces Kill 17 During Friday Protests [Spain update] The Electoral Committee has forbidden protests on Saturday. When this submission is exactly 5 hours old, we'll see who backs down the police or us. Here's a live video stream to see it yourselves. Congo soldiers explain why they rape. Spain protesters defy ban to remain in Madrid square Tens of thousands of Spanish protesters have defied a government ban and camped out overnight in a square in the capital, Madrid. Ukraine's top weather forecaster has been forced off the air after she used a bulletin to rant against the government, saying that the recent sunny spell made up for the country's lawlessness and injustice. Chinese police are seeking the man who allegedly threw an egg and shoes at the computer scientist famous for designing the Great Firewall of China. The attack  if true  is a particularly bold one for China and underscores how strongly people feel about the country's strict internet censorship. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says Europe 'stealing Iran's rain'   Telegraph Security Analyst Byron Sonne is finally out on bail, after a year imprisoned on charges stemming from being critical of G20 security. But the Canadian government has already destroyed his parent's savings, his clearances, and even his marriage. An Open Letter to the Ambassador of Germany in Australia I write to you with regard to events that have transpired on Friday, the gravity of which have led me to question the democratic integrity of the Federal Republic of Germany. Governments Order You Tube To Censor Protest Videos  Gang blinds Indian woman, accused of witchcraft, with scissors At least 30 dead after forces fire at crowd in Syria Graphic A Syrian child shot in his belly by the security forces during the protests. (He says I am in pain)   Gentlemen, we can rebuild her. We have the technology.  Philippine Air Force reports seeing two jets, believed to be Chinese, over disputed islands in the South China Sea Dominique StraussKahn posts $1 million bail, agreeing to live with an electronic monitor in a Manhattan flat (one rented by his wife)  only to have the building's residents refuse him, forcing his lawyers to find housing elsewhere A Look at the Root Causes of the Arab Revolution  Rising Literacy and a Shrinking Birth Rate UK Teachers, nurses, civil servants and members of the armed forces will be poorer in retirement as well as having to work longer. Leaked paper reveals ministers want to raise retirement age to 66 and increase contributions by 3.3%. Winfried Kretschmann, 62, is the new governor of BadenWrttemberg and the firstever leader of a German state from the Green Party. In an interview, he talks about redefining economic growth, his plans to make industry more environmentally friendly and the future of nuclear power in Germany. Georgia Thousands of protesters, gathered on Freedom Square as part of the campaign to force President Saakashvili to resign. Saudi woman who defied driving ban and posted a video of herself behind the wheel is detained. China accuses artistactivist, Ai Weiwei, of tax evasion  Mexican federal police capture Gilberto Barragan Balderas, leading member of the Gulf drug cartel at what appeared to have been his birthday party Brazilian police attacks peaceful marijuana march in Sao Paulo Tepco president quits as firm reports $15bn loss Thousands have taken to the streets this week in Barcelona, Madrid and other large cities. Volcano just erupted in Iceland.....i kid you not. Very Graphic Dead Syrian protesters kept in a refrigerated truck. NSFW Syrian soldiers laughing at dead men who tried to smuggle food into the besieged city Daraa. In Brazil, a march for the legalization of marijuana which was banned, turned into confrontation on the Avenida Paulista, as military police attacked the demonstrators with tear gas and rubber bullets Shock after Dutch priest endorses pedophilia the priest  identified as 73yearold Father Van B.  served on the board of Martijn, a group that campaigns to end the Dutch ban on adultchild sex Australian Gov't cancels funding program which assists ISPs to offer internet filtering options to customers; citing a lack of interest in the project Saudis arrest woman for driving a car French publish rape accuser's name Major media commit a serious breach of journalistic ethics UK law firm demand Twitter hand over the name, email address and IP address of the person naming a married sports celebrity who has a gagging order on the press or TV in the UK talking about his affair. US cable Saudi, Emirati donors provide $100 million to radical Islamic schools in Pakistan Saudi Arabia, UAE funded jihadi networks in Pakistan Wikileaks cable  A U.S. diplomatic cable published by WikiLeaks said financial support estimated at $100 million a year was making its way from those Gulf Arab states to a jihadist recruitment network in Pakistans Punjab province... Chinese suggest invading Somalia Sunday, 22 May 2011Britain's eightyear presence in Iraq formally comes to an end today, when the remaining 170 troops depart, spelling the end to one of the most controversial military campaigns ever conducted in recent British history. Inspired by Arab Spring, Spain's youthful 15M movement spreads in Europe Young Spaniards railing against political stagnation and high unemployment are protesting in 166 cities across the country and have sparked other protests in Europe. Now Butt Out New push seeks to outlaw cigarettes Pakistan invites China to build a naval base. Egyptian policeman who killed peaceful protesters during the revolution earlier this year, is sentenced to death. BBC News  Blasts rock air base in Pakistan In a boost to Libya's rebels, the European Union opened a diplomatic office Sunday in their eastern stronghold and pledged support for a democratic Libya where Moammar Gadhafi will not be in the picture. Spain's Socialists punished in local elections

 Yemeni president to step down, calling deal a coup Switzerland will stop using nuclear power after Japanese crisis; nuclear plants currently supply 40% of Swiss power The CIA was recently caught by Swedish intelligence doing illegal reconnaissance in Sweden. Hezbollah Supportive of Egyptian, Tunisian Uprisings But Not Syria's  Valparaiso protesters in clashes with police to protest against a hydroelectric dam project in southern Chile, which they say will destroy 6,000 hectares of forest. Egypt sentences Police Officer to death for killing protesters  The war on drugs in Mexico, decreed by Caldern, partfunded by millions of dollars in U.S. govt aids, has not only failed to curb the trade but intensified horrific violence, corruption and humanrights abuses  37,000 Mexicans have been murdered, often tortured and brutalized before their deaths South African rapture believers stuck with huge hotel bill. Instead of going to heaven, a group of South Africans who checked into a Johannesburg hotel to await the end of the world now have a big bill to pay. EU backs Obama's call for Mideast peace treaty based on 1967 borders; Swedish foreign minister slams Netanyahu's rejection of the borders saying the only defense that is possible is peace. Pakistani naval base under attack  At least four killed as special forces continue to battle armed men who attacked naval aviation facility in Karachi. [Wikileaks] Saudi Arabia and UAE spending $100 million annually in Pakistan on religious organizations. Byron Sonne Canadian security geek jailed for taunting G20 security theatre; who lost everything  his marriage, his home, his livelihood  because he couldn't figure out how to contain or express his disgust with the state's increasing encroachment on personal liberty Israel approves 294 more illegal settlements in the West Bank Cisco sued for helping China monitor Internet Prison in Norway with Rapists, murders and drug dealers, has no walls, no bars, and no locks. Also lacking are murders and suicides.   Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Accuses the Europeans of Emptying the Clouds So That Iran Would Have No Rain NSFW  A child girl shot in the eye by Syrian security forces. US ran 'secret terror hunt' in Sweden report China detains 300 Tibetan monks for 'legal education' after a monk set himself on fire New autopsy to determine cause of death of former Chilean President Salvador Allende. Allende died during the 1973 coup that brought Pinochet to power. US intensifies drone attacks in Pakistan Despite death of Osama bin Laden, drone attacks continue to pound North Waziristan Unbelievable Syrian security forces open fire on a women protest, killing four. AFP Israel 'approves new West Bank settler homes' Into the Fire, Documentary on the Toronto G20 Riots. EGYPT Hosni Mubarak reportedly may go to court within 72 hours Ambulances on stand by at Ben Gurion Airport (Tel Aviv) for emergency landing of a plane w/ 279 ppl on board. [pic] U.K. Soldiers Can't Die in Iraq Anymore Eight years and 179 dead after arriving, final British troops pull out The Real Reason for NATO Attacking Libya Nato has been bombarding proGaddafi forces in Libya since 31 March 2011 in Operation Unified Protector. Here is an interactive/unfolding map of targets by the day they were reported.  Saudi woman drives, goes to jail Police officer will be charged with manslaughter over the death of Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests NSFW A tank shoots brave Syrian protesters, killing a child. 20th May Mubarak to be tried for death of protestors A police officer will face trial for manslaughter over the death of newspaper seller at the G20 protests. Female Saudi doctor appeals to top court for right to choose a husband Israel extends 63 yearold state of emergency for another year.  Russia says a fifth of defense budget stolen Germany nuclear shutdown by 2022 may mean blackouts, Merkel warned; energy firms say solar and wind power may not make up shortfall in winter We will shove the rifle up your ass A Syrian protester yells at a sniper. An encounter between protesters and a very close sniper shooting them. Fukushima Japan Reactors 2 & 3 meltdowns now confirmed. Fukushima = Level 21 (3x7) nuclear accident. Lance Armstrong Tour de France titles could be in jeopardy  The Washington Post Terror Trial Witness Ties Pakistani ISI to the 2008 Mumbai Attacks The London Metropolitan Police officer caught on film pushing Ian Tomlinson to the ground shortly before his death at the G20 protest will face a manslaughter charge Leaked WikiLeaks Cables Pushing Pakistan to Brink Human Rights Law Foundation files lawsuit against Cisco, claims it designed surveillance system to help the Chinese govt track and suppress dissidents British Banks Paid Bonuses Using Government Aid The world's most powerful internet and media bosses are gathering in Paris for a twoday meeting hosted by French President Nicolas Sarkozy. Energy Shortages Spreading Rationing in China, Pakistan, Venezuela, Japan, Argentina; China Resorts to Punitive Prices to Curb Demand Antiabortion group drafted in as sexual health adviser to UK government 'Blast' at new Iran oil refinery as Ahmadinejad visits One person has been killed and at least 20 hurt in an explosion at a refinery in Iran during a visit by President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Iranian media say. Asian people 42 times more likely to be held under terror law Hosni Mubarak to Face Trial for Killing of Protesters Amid international indifference, targeted repression continues in Bahrain and Yemen Two more reactors at Japan plant suffer meltdown, operator says Blast hits Iran refinery as Ahmadinejad visits Egypt finds 17 lost pyramids A satellite survey used infrared images to detect underground buildings What a difference a year makes in 2010, France was trying to sell Libya the Rafale aircraft. In 2011, France is bombing Libya with the Rafale. Amazon rainforest activist shot dead Jos Cludio Ribeiro da Silva killed in ambush in the Brazilian Amazon, six months after predicting his own murder
 Chevron face shareholders after huge $18bn Ecuador fine. An Ecuadorian tribal leader The court, which Chevron chose, found them guilty of poisoning our rainforest, and our families. ..  [we] demand that Chevron cease its lies and pay to clean up the contamination that is choking our communities. Head of Afghan girls' school killed by Taliban  China orders suspension of death sentences China has apparently introduced new standards to reduce the number of criminals it executes. Denmark bans marmite Norway plans billiondollar clean energy initiative for poor. Norway wants to channel billions of dollars to renewable energies in developing nations, building on a scheme to protect tropical forests to which Oslo has been the biggest donor. Netanyahu Address Congress No right of return for Palestinians, No dividing Jerusalem, and tells Fatah to tear up historic deal with Hamas Egyptian pyramids found by infrared satellite images Former head of Pakistan's ISI is 100 per cent sure a Taliban attack on a major naval air base in Karachi was an American operation. US and IAEA officials knew that the Fukushima nuclear power plant suffered a nuclear meltdown within 3.5 hours of the Japan earthquake and subsequently hid it from the public. French group calls for large demonstration in Paris this weekend to show solidarity with tens of thousands of youth demonstrating against austerity programs in Spain Three Months of Civil War in Libya [pics] Assange 'Dramatic Increase' in WhistleBlowers Despite Bradley Manning Case Israel's PM received a rapturous reception from Congress, but US Jewish opinion at large is frustrated with his intransigence. Six Italian seismologists and one government official will be tried for the manslaughter of those who died in an earthquake that struck the city of L'Aquila on 6 April 2009. Libyan parents hope for longsought answers in HIV mystery  More than 400 children were infected with the AIDS virus at a children's hospital in the 1990s. Moammar Kadafi called it a deliberate act by foreign workers, but some now openly question his role. Atomic agency outs Iran's nuke warhead project Egypt is to open the Rafah border crossing into Gaza permanently to Palestinians from Saturday, Egyptian state news agency Mena has said. Iran is considering imposing sanctions on U.S. officials for human rights violations, attempting to turn the tables after years of sanctions imposed by the West. Indian Maoists 'kill and dismember' 10 policemen  Ten policemen, including one senior officer, have been killed and dismembered by Maoist rebels in India's Chhattisgarh state, police say The greatest Amazon River disaster in history In Israel, Netanyahu Seen as Stalling Peace Talks Ash cloud reaches Germany  Police arrest man suspected to be Ratko Mladi Turkey becomes a heavily censored dictatorship There are now one million Internet sites blocked All internet cafes in the country must undertake special filters use one that blocks a plethora of sites.  Google, BBC, Facebook, eBay, Amazon and the site of the Turkish Human Rights Association.  Egypt Permanently Reopens Its Gaza Border Crossing 4 Muslims in East London who bashed a religious teacher because he was a non muslim teaching Islam jailed. Witness Shattered humanity inside Syria's security apparatus  The young man was dangling upside down, white, foaming saliva dripping from his mouth. His groans sounded more bestial than human [...] Ratko Mladic hunt Serbian police arrest suspect  French MP compares gay weddings to 'unions with animals'  In a backwards move, Brazil suspends sex education videos due to pressure from evangelical groups which argued that the videos encouraged homosexual behavior Internet regulation makes G8 agenda  finding a way to regulate the internet that is acceptable to governments, industry and civil society The only man brave to protest on Saudi Arabia's day of rage has suffered in prison for his BBC interview  UK Police have defended themselves amid claims of heavyhandedness after using a helicopter and two officers to find a schoolboy who kicked a football through a greenhouse Mladic isn't the only war criminal arrested Hutu Bernard Munyagishari, alleged mastermind of Rwandan genocide, will also be brought to justice The personal data of millions of passengers who fly between the US and Europe, including credit card details, phone numbers and home addresses, may be stored by the US department of homeland security for 15 years, according to a draft agreement between Washington and Brussels leaked to the Guardian Manal Al Sharif, the woman who got arrested in Saudi for driving a car, is kept in prison for another 10 days. Three Chinese government buildings bombed Mr Netanyahu does not need to persuade even his American congressional sponsors of his desire to move forward in peace. He merely needs to persuade them that he has done enough to continue to pretend that the absence of peace is not his fault. Wikipedia Lobbies UN To Be On Its World Heritage List Netanyahu chooses to make things worse with Capitol Hill speech, BBC calls him ''stuck in the past
 Thousands of immigrants lured to Spain by dreams of a better life now live in squalor They found the ancient city of Tanis!  Who's going to find the Well of Souls?  and then...who will become raiders of the lost ark??? Japan finds its voice Protests against the government's handling of the nuclear crisis are now common. The Bosnian Serb war crimes fugitive Ratko Mladic 
 wanted over the Srebrenica massacre  has been 
arrested, the Serbian president confirms. The Ten Most Wanted  updated now that Bin Laden is dead and Mladic has been captured.  Saudi Religious Police force a woman out of a travel fair because she wore a colored Abaya. Lapdance monastery shut after raunchy nun stunt Agribusiness wins and Brazil does away with laws to protect large swaths of rainforest  Spanish police is charging tough against pacifist protesters in Barcelona! Spanish police beating peaceful protestors in the Plaa Catalunya in Barcelona [Vid] Category 5 Typhoon Heading For Japan. Thousands of Egyptians are gathered on Cairo's Tahrir Square for a socalled second revolution Thousands return to Tahrir Square for day of anger demonstrations, pressing military rulers for speedier reforms. Italy Seven seismologists being tried for manslaughter for failing to predict 2009 L'Aquila earthquake, which killed about 300 people Russia agrees to mediate Gaddafi exit; Moscow changes tack at the G8 meeting in France, saying Gaddafi has 'forfeited legitimacy' to rule Libya Fukushima's tsunami plan was a single page Document reveals TEPCO had ruled out the possibility of a tsunami large enough to knock the plant offline  Europe's Web of Debt [pic] Rwanda genocide mastermind arrested Bernard Munyagishari, a former Hutu militia leader wanted on charges of murder and rape in connection with the Rwanda genocide, is caught in Democratic Republic of Congo after 17 years Jurez police captain gunned down at home The price of protesting in Syria there was the welcome party before the interrogation. They pushed us to the floor, security forces stood on our back and jumped hard. Five or six of them. One jumps, finishes his turn, and the next one takes over,  Greece cheated to join Euro through deception former European Central Bank Chief Economist Otmar Issing said.  Egyptians Gather for Second 'Day of Anger' Thousands gather in Cairo's Tahrir Square to protests against the military's handling of the postrevolution phase Radioactive water appears to be leaking from a waste disposal building at Fukushima nuclear complex, says operator Tepco AF447 Description of the Air France crash chronology from the BEA (Must read!) Outrage over Syria's shoottokill policy/
Amnesty International says government should be put on trial for killing protesters. [Title of video] Protesters 'shot deady Syrian forces More deaths reported as several towns witness fresh demonstrations against president Assad's oneparty rule.  G8 summit laws apply on Internet just like everywhere else Video Police brutality in Spain As of this Sunday, crossing the EgyptPalestine border will be permitted without a visa BBC News  Sri Lanka President Rajapaksa defends military's role but The UNcommissioned report said that tens of thousands of civilians died in the final phase of the war  most of them killed in shelling by government forces. Harper blocks mention of 1967 border in G8 Mideast statement  Greek PM fails to win opposition support for austerity measures again Third Brazilian environmentalist killed in a week in Amazon Rainforest region  The United Nations warned on Wednesday [25 May 2011] of a possible crisis of confidence in, and even a 'collapse' of, the U.S. dollar if its value against other currencies continued to decline . . . the U.N. economic division said such a development . . . would imperil the global financial system. Iceland is the worlds most peaceful nation, Somalia worst; US improves to 82nd, behind Gabon and just ahead of Bangladesh Dubai's skyscrapers, stained by the blood of migrant workers. Dubai seems to be a place where the worst of western capitalism and Gulf Arab racism meet in a horrible vortex
 Dutch govt to start banning tourists from buying cannabis from coffee shops and impose restrictions on Dutch customers by the end of the year Russia sells 21 helicopters to U.S. forces in Afghanistan Cancer Now #1 Cause of Death in China, With Lung Cancer Leading UK training Saudi forces used to crush Arab spring Like many before, Amazon activists silenced by gun. Dozens arrested in Russian gay rights rally  UK training Saudi forces used to crush Arab spring | World news | The Observer Dutch government to ban tourists from cannabis shops Spanish Police beating peaceful demonstrators Gay pride parade erupts into violence in Moscow Water Emerges as Hidden Weapon  
Libya's enormous aquatic reserves could become a new weapon of choice if govt forces opt to starve coastal cities that heavily rely on free flowing freshwater As E. coli outbreak spreads, Germany bans cucumbers from Spain  Cucumbers from the Netherlands & Denmark are also suspect Why Spaniards are protesting The demonstrations look like the Arab Spring, but have different aims Air France Crash Explained China declares martial law in parts of the northeast's inner Mongolia autonomous region Air France crash report shows confused cockpit tilted nose up to gain speed  EgyptGaza border permanently opened for the first time in four years. Women, children, and men over the age of 40 can cross freely. Men 1840 can if they obtain a visa. Trade still prohibited. GazaEgypt crossing point operates normally for first time in years  G8 summit Gaddafi isolated as Russia joins demand for Libyan leader to go | World news | The Guardian  Amnesty International Celebrating 50 Years Of Fight For Human Rights Antiriot police clear Cataluna square  EuroNews Spanish police in antiriot gear fired rubber bullets and swung truncheons to disperse peaceful protesters in Barcelona [Video  0.54] Hundreds of women report rapes by Qaddafi forces
  First they tied my husband up, the woman wrote. Then they raped me in front of my husband and my husband's brother. Then they killed my husband. India pledges support for Palestine Egypt Hosni Mubarak fined for cutting internet. Let this be a warning for other world leaders. China drought affecting over 34,000,000 people, leaving farmers & livestock without water & parching their grain Leading world politicians urge 'paradigm shift' on drugs policy. Foxconn workers in China speak out Workers complained for weeks about dust that led to deadly explosion Why China Is Really In Big Trouble   I told you the truth, you dont like the truth, Omar Khadr shouts at a Canadian Security Intelligence Service agent. The accused, then aged 16, breaks down Ya Ummi! (Mummy!), he cries in Arabic Iran to create its own Internet Malta has voted Yes in a nonbinding referendum on legalising divorce, Prime Minister Lawrence Gonzi has conceded, local media report. Kindergarten teacher sings songs to kids while guns blaze outside Report Some areas in China under martial law after protests  Here's What's Going To Happen When Greece Defaults  it won't be pretty. Syria protests escalate over apparent torture and killing of a 13yearold boy by the security services The tobacco giants ruthlessly exploits the developing world  its young, poor and uneducated The West now consumes fewer of the world's cigarettes, but the developing world's share has risen sharply to 76% in 2009 Gulf Cooperation Council, a shish kebab of hereditary monarchies, emirates and outright theocracies, sitting on oceans of oil, embark on  internal repression all across the Persian Gulf using Erik Prince's mercenaries and western arms. Mexico detains 36 members of La Familia cartel & 10 members of the Zetas drug gang, including suspects in armed attack on police helicopter
 Arab League seeks UN recognition of Palestine Taliban suicide bomber injures top NATO general in Afghanistan, kills Afghan police chief Mladic's Crimes Have Shaped The World We Live In  
We have the man who ordered the largest mass murder in Europe since the Second World War and now he will face trial. It may not be a comfortable experience for European countries. But better this than a corpse lying in a compound In Russia, Prisons for Police Thrive TEPCO has restored the cooling system of the nuclear reactor and fuel pool at the No. 5 after it stopped working late on Saturday. The Planning Commission of India has set the poverty line at Rs 20 a day. Earn more than that and you are not poor. Oh, and if you live in a village, dont earn more than Rs 15. The Rich Indians Respond Police in Mexico say they have killed 11 suspected members of the powerful La Familia drug cartel after a shootout at a ranch in western Jalisco state.  Murder of Activists Raises Questions of Justice in Amazon Giant waterspout 'tornado' caught on camera off Australia Brazil's rainforest faces new threats  Deforestation in the Amazon has increased by almost 500 percent compared to last year.
 Saudi prince calls for lower oil prices . . .  World turns upside down.   PHOTOS A Rare Glimpse Into Daily Life In The Capital Of North Korea Germany to shut down all nuclear plants by 2021/22 I was standing in two fistsized pools of smeared, sticky blood, trying to sort out why there were seven angry Syrians yelling at me. Scientologist charged with perverting course of justice, in which she allegedly trained an eleven year old girl to lie about her own sexual abuse within the Church 
Greeks yank billions out of country's banks as debt crisis worsens
 Belgium to ban the burqa soon Guatemala's murder rate is now twice that of Mexico's. And in neighboring Honduras, which faces a similar problem with drug traffickers, the situation is even worse Honduras now has the highest homicide rate in the hemisphere. Canada The Supreme Court says a person must be conscious in order to consent Sweden critical of German nuclear decision Chinese dog eaters and dog lovers spar over animal rights GREECE There Are New Emergency Bailout Talks That Could Spell The End Of National Sovereignty Silvio Berlusconi has lost control of Milan and Naples in key local elections Wikipedias bold bid for World Heritage status In 2 years, Iran plans to unplug the Internet and is now creating its own. Spain Affirms Intentions to Recognize the Palestinian State Before September Greeks inspired by the Spanish Indignant or Indignados movement held their largest protest so far in Athens  Vietnam accuses China in seas dispute Vietnam's foreign ministry has accused China of increasing regional tensions in an escalating territorial dispute.  Doomed Flight AF 447 Questions Raised about Airbus Automated Control System  initial analysis of the plane's data recorder hints at errors made by the pilots. But questions have also been raised about the A330's automated control systems. In a sign of eroding support for besieged Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, eight generals and about 100 soldiers defected from the Libyan army and fled to Italy Pakistani journalist disappears after writing about secret link Pak Navy & AlQaeda that led to Naval base attack China orders death penalty in deadly food scandals Yemeni forces kill 20 protesters in Taiz Soldiers bulldozed and set fire to protesters' tents as they cleared a central square where a peaceful sitin demonstration against the rule of President Saleh had continued for the past four months, protest organizers said Archaeologists find sealed tunnel underneath Teotihuacan temple 13yearold Syrian boy arrested, brutally tortured, beaten, burned, slashed, penis cut off, murdered Egypt general confirms virginity checks forced on female protesters by military   Australia Suspends Live Cattle Exports to Indonesia After Cruelty Exposed on Film, Which Shows Them Being Beaten, Whipped & Kicked Prior to Slaughter  '...it was taking 4 throat cuts to kill an animal instead of 1.' Journalist Who Reported on Pakistan Links to alQaeda Found Dead Japan Considering Plan to Require Solar Panels on All New Buildings AlJazeera footage appears to show western special forces on the frontline in Libya, evidence for the first time of allied boots on the ground. Dutch Government Moves Ahead With Weed Ban For Foreigners  Drug laws 40 years on, only a complete change of approach will do The prices of staple foods will more than double in 20 years unless world leaders take action to reform the global food system, Oxfam has warned. UK 'Spy cameras' are used to target student protesters in an attempt to criminalise protest. Bangladeshi woman cuts off penis of man she says tried to rape her, submits it as evidence Explosives detonate in 3 IKEA stores across Europe  Iceland to ban tobacco? Libyan government gave $1.3bn to Goldman Sachs 
for investment. Less than 1 year later 98% of it was 
gone. 200 Japanese pensioners volunteering to tackle the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima power station Turkish court has ordered the arrest of the highestranking activeduty military officer charged with plotting to overthrow the government. Syrian protesters denied medical care Doctors have been physically prevented from giving lifesaving care to patients.
 Former French minister Jack Lang accused of having a pedophile orgy with Moroccan boys. Introducing fines for swearing in Australia 14 dead in Germany as cucumber crisis grows Serbia sends Mladic to The Hague Egypt admits to forcing virginity tests BBC News  Italy elections Voters give Berlusconi bloody nose During five weeks spent filming undercover, a reporter captured footage of vulnerable patients being repeatedly pinned down, slapped, dragged into showers while fully clothed, taunted and teased  The elderly of Japan want to help their country one last time with the nuclear crisis Syria's sadistic regime  13 year old 'Rebel', shot, kneecapped and had genitals removed before being killed.  Family arrested for making this public. A senior member of the Church of Scientology in Australia has been charged by police for intimidating a young girl who wanted to report sexual abuse allegations within the church. 
 Chiquita sued over Colombian paramilitary payments A company that pays a terrorist organization that kills thousands of people should get the capital punishment of civil liability and be put out of business by punitive damages. Pak Journalist Who Wrote Of Terrorist Link To Navy Found Murdered  A Pakistani journalist who had written about alleged links between the nations navy and the alQaeda terrorist network was found dead in an abandoned car near the capital city of Islamabad Monkey accused of witchcraft burned alive by South African mob A Western businessman who has had the rare chance to travel throughout North Korea has sent these images of daily life to the BBC News website. These are his observations from within the normally secretive state. Belgium Church sex abuse plaintiffs to sue Vatican Dozens of Belgians who say they were abused as children by Roman Catholic priests have announced the launch of a legal case against the Vatican. Massive Gmail phishing uncovered by Google. Signs point to China. As Chinas Workers Get a Raise, Companies Fret 15 dead in Germany from a virulent E. Coli outbreak. 
The first ever outbreak of this particular strain. Australia proposes antiswearing law Gold Logie winner Karl Stefanovic tweeted his outrage. Just [heard] the government wants to fine people for swearing. That's bullshit. Raiding a Brothel in India  NYTimes.com Japan Nuclear Crisis Stricken Fukushima Nuke Plant now Leaking Oil Oil was leaking into the sea from heavy oil tanks for reactors 5 and 6 at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant, Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Tuesday, adding the spill may have been ongoing since the March 11 quake and tsunami.  
Iran's parliament voted on Wednesday to take Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to court over his takeover of the country's vital oil ministry. Atheism in the land of a thousand gods
A scrappy group of young Indians takes on karma  and dogma Assad's general amnesty offer looks like too little, too late, especially now that Syrian protesters have are rallying in memory of a martyr  and he was just 13 years old when security thugs killed him. The Sordid Sexual History of Dominique StraussKahn  A conspiracy to keep DSKs true identity out of the spotlight. European Food Outbreak Soars  Those hit 1/3 bigger than thought, & a stunningly high number of patients are suffering from deadly complication that shuts down kidneys Iranian opposition activist Haleh Sahabi has died after scuffles with security forces at her father's funeral Billions of dollars of food are lost every year in the postharvest phase in Africa.  land, water and nonrenewable resources such as fertilizer and energy are used to produce, process, handle and transport food that no one consumes. Fuck this; fines for swearing in VIC, Australia. Europe's SlowMotion Financial Collapse Syrian regime killed 30 kids. The use of live ammunition against demonstrators has reportedly left at least 30 children dead. UNICEF has not been able to independently verify the number of the victims and the circumstances of their death. Teenage victim becomes a symbol for Syria's revolution Mutilated body of Hamza alKhatib given to family as state TV says injuries were faked by conspirators
 Global leaders  Global war on drugs has failed WTF? NATO leaders have been warned that Anonymous could pose a threat to member states' security and they promise to persecute its members Julian Assange awarded top UK Journalism Prize Banned video by Serbian Government. No media is allowed to publish it. Police beating a protestor.  Global war on drugs 'a failure' Highlevel panel declares international antidrug measures a failure and suggests legalising cannabis and other drugs. Ive Gone And Done It Now  
Egyptian Muslim discards hijab while on trip to Europe. I wanted to know what it would feel like. I wanted to know how peoples perceptions of me would change. Turned out to be fun, liberating. But not yet ready to try at home Italy's top seismologist charged with manslaughter for failing to predict 2009 earthquake Decriminalise possession of drugs, celebrities urge government Google says computer hackers in China broke into the Gmail accounts of several hundred people, including senior government officials in the U.S. and political activists. NSFW Syrian security forces shoots mourners of dead protesters, killing 11. Homs city 521 Canada tries to hide Alberta tar sands carbon emission As vaccination drops, pertussis and measles on the rise worldwide. More and more Israelis apply for a foreign passport, not for easier travel but because something has gone terribly wrong here.  Student Locked up for reading a poem at prodemocracy rally in Bahrain Selfconfident females terrify the old Arab tyrannies Pakistani journalist who wrote about military's links to Al Qaeda is found slain Ecoli outbreak in Europe is a new strain; experts studying bacteria, that has caused 18 deaths in Europe, say it has never been seen in an outbreak before A Chinese agribusiness firm is to buy a large swath of land in Patagonia. Critics fear it will bring heavy agrochemical use and ecological degradation, and strain the region's water resources Two ships from the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society are now speeding toward Libyan seas  to protect the Atlantic bluefin tuna from poachers Russia Bans Fresh Vegetables from EU because of growing E. coli outbreak in Germany  Spain's farmers lose millions of euros ProGovernment Cyber Attacks In The Middle East  While Syrian troops confront protesters on the streets, another less bloody battle is being waged in cyberspace. Antigovernment and Western websites are coming under attack from a group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army Chinese hacking of Gmail accounts of journalists, Chinese human rights activists, etc. traced to a Chinese Voc/Tech School in Jinan, China known for churning out cooks, hairdressers, and Chinese Army computer scientists Alleged Libyan rape victim deported from Qatar back to Libya  CNN.com Twothirds of Pakistanis do not believe Bin Laden was killed last month by a team of U.S. Navy SEALs [WTF?] AlShabaab, the Somali militant group that has pledged allegiance to alQaeda, announced that a suicide bomber who attacked a military position earlier this week was a SomaliAmerican from Minnesota