 Rescued Photographer In Syria 'It's Not A War, It's A Massacre' [NPR] Rasquera, a village of 900 near Barcelona, Spain, feeling the crunch of Euroausterity measures and heavy debt, voted to let a nearby cannabis association use a stretch of city land to grow marijuana for its 5000 members Danish prosecutors charged 4 people with terrorism for allegedly planning a shooting attack on a newspaper that had printed cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad UK govt and in particular Ed Vaizey, pressuresing search engines to police search results in a way that goes well beyond notice and takedown...  a system to promote good music resellers and demote bad in the search rankings Rick Falkvinge How Microsoft Pays Big Money To Smear Google In European Parliament Israeli PM demands Obama commit to military action if Iran sanctions fail 'Secret' Archive in Vatican Opened in Public Display  WSJ.com Wukan holds its election after protests that cowed officialdom  Chinese village goes to the polls to elect new leaders after running authorities out of town over land grabs
 Moody's downgrades Greece to lowest level  The credit agency becomes the second in one week to downgrade the country's rating even after announced debtswap deal. The Arab Spring arrives in Hong Kong Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Hong Kong today, calling for universal suffrage and criticizing Donald Tsang, the citys chief executive, for allegedly accepted perks from local tycoons.  While tens of thousands of its citizens were dying from famine, the U.N.backed Somali government spent only $1 million on social services despite having $58 million in revenue, according to a report by a former Somali government official. Vladimir Putin poised to regain Kremlin; protests likely Syria Stops Red Cross from Entering Homs Satellite images show what Bashar's military is capable of in Syria Japan PM 'No individual to blame for Fukushima' Don't Underestimate Israel's Capability To Strike Iran, Insiders Say Skeptics say the Jewish state may not be able to deal a fatal blow to an Iranian nuclearweapons program. But maybe that's what Jerusalem wants you to think. Thief steals Dublin saint's heart, that was housed in a wooden box surrounded by an iron cage (With Photo) Russian Chamber of Commerce suspends contacts with Syria Chinese rebel village of Wukan hold first democratic elections after land grabs; Not going to spread says Beijing Some Real Heroes Syrias Humanitarian Martyrs  The world ignores the repression in Syria just as it effectively ignored the repression in Iran. There are no protests in the streets of Western capitals; no meetings or teachins on Western campuses.  North Korean defectors' grim fate Seoul activists are working to save North Korean defectors in China from repatriation  and a likely death.
 Lawyer Costa Concordia captain wasn't wearing his glasses Ireland faces long road back to borrowing  Of all Europes crisis countries, Ireland has been perhaps the most adamant about pushing ahead with the budgetary, banking and other steps urged by its international lenders. Excellent obituary of a brave Dutch doctor who hid 100 Jews in her attic during the Holocaust Venezuela does not fear sanctions, will continue to supply Syria with oil In one of India's poorest states, 2 entrepreneurs build and operate solarpowered micro grids to provide lowcost lighting and mobile phone charging to village houses, giving many rural people access to both light and power for the first time in their lives Kill the Messenger  What Russia taught Syria When you destroy a city, make sure no one  not even the story  gets out alive. Canadian Senate Passes Harsh Crime Bill ... that includes mandatory minimum prison sentences for growing as few as six marijuana plants' Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla adds her voice to the rising clamor for discussions on drug legalization as an alternative to the current state of affairs, in which Central American nations see themselves as increasingly threatened by the illicit drug trade Two trains crash in Poland, many are wounded, some have been killed. (happend two hours ago) China military budget tops $100bn; rise by 11.2% in 2012 How a Gold Mining Boom is Killing the Children of Nigeria 'More than 400 children have died and thousands more have been severely poisoned by exposure to lead dust.' About 600,000 Russians to Monitor Presidential Elections Online Thief steals heart of saint, making off with 800yearold relic that had been on display at cathedral in Ireland Israel to sell $1.6 billion in arms to Iran's neighbor Azerbaijan Sarkozy nixes halal meat in schools for Muslims  the North Korean government has said that anyone caught defecting during the period of mourning for Kim Jong Ils death would have three generations of family members executed. Libya's instability deepens detainees tortured, tribal warfare rages, oilrich region seeks autonomy Libyan authorities issue apology after British WWII graves attacked pledging to catch those responsible and to restore graves to a standard befitting the sacrifice Almost a year after the Fukushima disaster, 52 of Japan's 54 nuclear power plants have been shut down. The reactor explosion destroyed the population's trust in nuclear energy. But the atomic lobby  and the country's industrial needs  could block a possible phaseout. Not only has the number of UK adults calling themselves Christian dropped dramatically since the 2001 Census  our research suggests that it is now only 54%  even those who still think of themselves as Christian show very low levels of religious commitment. A matter of time before the US tires of Israel Israel has legalized one of the oldest and largest of the unsanctioned settler enclaves dotting the West Bank, a step denounced by the Palestinians and Israeli activists as a show of bad faith ahead of talks next week between the Israeli leader and President Barack Obama. Around 200 people have been killed and many more injured in a series of explosions in Brazzaville, the capital of Republic of the Congo. Island of Guernsey, Channel Islands moots becoming a libel haven where rich and powerful can sue and silence critics Dutch mobile euthanasia units to make house calls Assad's air force pounds population centers in Syria's Rastan Belarus leader  Better a dictator than gay Putin's Power Grab and the Russian Awakening  The Russian leader's flagrant abuses are inspiring many Russians, long indifferent, to start fighting back. New EU laws on hen cages blamed for forcing farms out of business, price of eggs quadrupled. Police are linked to blacklist of construction workers who were considered leftist or troublesome. The blacklist destroyed people's lives, broke up families, ensured that people were unable to earn a living. It devastated people year after year.  Australian Muslim women must show faces for identity checks under new law Costa Rica tries to go smokefree Congress approved sweeping smoking bans. Philip Morris and British American Tobacco are not happy Last Monday, in a national TV interview, the candidate that public opinion polls have leading the French presidential race called for a 75 percent super tax on all individual income over $1 million euros, the equivalent of about $1.33 million.

 
 BBC News  Russia election Vladimir Putin wins, exit polls say Iranian Ayatollah Nuclear Weapons Grave Sin, Senseless, Destructive, Dangerous. South African Health Minister not only denied the proven link between AIDS and HIV, but also featured garlic, lemons and African potatoes as treatment for AIDS  As of 2011, 40% of South Africans had STDs and 25% had AIDS. Iranian human rights lawyer, colleague of Shirin Ebadi, sentenced to 18 years after being arrested for fourth time in six years. Abdolfattah Soltani was charged i.a. with accepting an unlawful award for getting the Nuremburg International Human Rights Award Central America is starting a debate on decriminalizing drugs  Biden visits Mexico and Honduras amid drug debate Chancellor Angela Merkel has agreed with other conservative European leaders to help President Nicolas Sarkozy in the French election campaign by spurning his Socialist challenger Franois Hollande, SPIEGEL has learned. Merkel's interference is causing tension in her own government.  India bans cotton exports effective immediately Secret footage showing 'torture' of Syrians in Homs hospital  Russia election 'clearly skewed' for Putin  OSCE People fleeing the Syrian city of Homs tell the BBC that security forces are committing atrocities there, including summary executions. Arabian Nightmare Three men jailed indefinitely in Saudi Arabia for renting the wrong flat. An unexpected exercise in globalization SouthAfrican farmers have started heeding the call from the government of Georgia to come to the former Soviet republic Thirteen French officers 'captured by Syrian Army'  The Vast Majority Of Israelis Are Against A Unilateral Strike Against Iran  only one in five Israelis, or 19 percent, favor unilateral military strikes against Iran's nuclear facilities without Washington's approval. Brazil has declared a fresh currency war on the US and Europe, extending a tax on foreign borrowings and threatening further capital controls in an effort to protect the country's struggling manufacturers. Swedish hospital seeks new 'hot' nurses  A hospital in Stockholm has published a job advertisement trying to attract nurses who are both qualified and TVseries hot in what has been explained as an attempt to catch peoples attention. Heroes of Japan's Nuclear Disaster All but Forgotten  Smart concrete Iran makes some of the worlds toughest concrete. It can cope with earthquakes and, perhaps, bunkerbusting bombs Syrian forces 'carrying out mass arrests and executions' in Homs Moscow Protesters Denounce Putin Victory Student faces prison for speaking out in royalist Thailand
The fate of Kanthoop, 20, who faces up to 15 years in jail for 'having opinions', highlights country's harsh promonarchy laws Appeal Lost  UK ISPs will have to send warning letters to alleged illegal file downloaders, as well as potentially cutting users off 89% of the global population now has access to safe drinking water. How Goldman Sachs screwed Greece Iran to allow UN nuclear inspectors into military site Myanmar has lowered its firewalls, opening access to socialmedia sites such as Facebook and Twitter Brazil's economy overtakes UK to become world's sixth largest. Is Somalia on the brink of peace? Loss of key city is latest defeat for oncepowerful Al Shabaab Islamists. Singapore maids to finally get one day off per week Starving Iran Wont Free It There's an old saying, attributed to the British Foreign Office in colonial days Keep the Persians hungry, and the Arabs fat. Slovakians vote to name a bridge Chuck Norris. Penguin escaped from Tokyo zoo. Eastern Libya declares semi autonomy Hamas rules out military support for Iran in any war with Israel Twin blasts hit Egypt gas pipeline  The main gas pipeline sending supplies from Egypt to Israel and Jordan was attacked on Monday, the 13th such attack since longtime President Hosni Mubarak was ousted in February 2011.
 China Urges The U.S. To Tread Carefully On 'Core Interests' Iran in Nuclear Facility PledgeIran plans to allow U.N. officials to visit the secretive Parchin complex, where the nuclear agency suspects research into nuclear weapons may have been carried out. Eastern Libya pulls away from central government Gay chilean man remains in a coma after brutal 
attack. Neonazis carved swastikas into his 
abdomen and burned other parts of his body with 
cigarettes. Sweden to help build Saudi arms plant report  The Local French PM Prompts Religious Row  Muslim & Jewish groups have reacted with dismay after French PM Francois Fillon suggested the religious slaughter of animals was out of date BBC News  Saudi diplomat shot dead in Bangladesh Australia's mining boom placing Great Barrier Reef at risk, UN warns 
Environmental team is assessing the reef amid concerns over rapid escalation in coal exports and gas exploration
 Daughter of Mubarakera mogul Hussein Salem to be extradited  Spanish judge orders extradition of business tycoon's daughter to face corruption charges in Egypt France to require all drivers to have Breathalyzer kits At Chechnya Polling Station, Votes for Putin Exceed the Rolls  New York Times Man reports CP in music download and is banned from seeing his own daughter alone A youth has burned himself to death in southwestern China, the third selfimmolation in three days in protest of China's policies in Tibet Chinese Businessmen Paying $80,000 to Hunt Polar Bears in Canada  From one of the 'I Love Hunting Clusrochures  The polar bear is the most extreme of natural enemies in North America. The huge male bear specimens are the most majestic, most beautiful of hunting prizes! 107 percent turnout? Another side to Russia's vote   Putin does better in Chechnya (99.82%) than Assad in Syria In Chechnya, 107% Turnout for Putin  Obvious ballotstuffing spotted in region Brazil has become the sixthbiggest economy in the world Two Murdoch reporters feared to be in suicide bids 
Two senior journalists at News International have 
apparently attempted to commit suicide as 
pressure mounts inside the Murdoch media 
empire... Nicolas Sarkozy says France has too many foreigners Huge solar flare's magnetic storm may disrupt satellites and power grids. A suicide bomber kills herself and five police officers in the troubled Russian region of Dagestan, weeks after security forces kill her husband, prosecutors say. How Three Germans Are Cloning The Web  

The most admirable entrepreneurs are those with original ideas, ja? It's a unique gift that you either have or you don't. Says Oliver Samwer, one of three brothers who do not have ideas. They just copy others. And make billions Afghan women trapped in tribal court system unfairly imprisoned, traded like property and often abused every step of the way.  Norway Breivik charged with Terror and 1st degree murder. Prosecution asks for forced psychiatric treatment  A hospital employee in Homs says Syrian civilians and rebel fighters are being tortured there by medical staff and members of the security forces. Israel stunned by India's ban on defense contracts after bribing scandal Kim Jongeun visits the narrowest part of the DMZ, coming within 100m of S. Korean troops while touring the Joint Security Area Midsize asteroid won't hit Earth in 2013 NASA Spiders spin whole fields of webs to escape flooding in Australia Father banned from being alone with his daughter after telling police he accidentally accessed child porn while attempting to download music from the internet Two Murdoch journalists reportedly attempt suicide as pressure mounts UNESCO will not expel Syria from human rights committee, according to draft resolution Speculation Blamed for Global Food Price Weirdness South Africa Kruger park rangers kill suspected rhino poacher  
Rangers at Kruger National Park shot dead a suspected rhino poacher and injured two others in gun battle, police said.
 Anger over Sweden's 'secret' Saudi arms plant  Opposition condemns government after broadcaster reveals documents said to show links between Swedish firm and Riyadh. Taiwan's Nuclear Nightmare A fourth nuclear plant got the goahead, but activists say a disaster worse than Fukushima is on the horizon. The desecration of an Aboriginal burial site in Australia with swastikas and the letters KKK is condemned as disgusting by officials. The 51% Tragedy A Majority of Young Greek Workers Are Now Unemployed
 Entire nation of Kiribati to be relocated over rising sea level threat   Telegraph In Afghanistan, children behind bars Girls as young as 12 jailed for crimes they often do not understand Spain's youth unemployment surges above 50%. Riot police use tear gas to control student protest in Montreal Homelessness in the UK rises by 14% in one year.  Cameroon elephant slaughter Park cannot cope with $2 million antipoaching budget when ivory is $1000$1500 per kg in Asia with each tusk weighing 10kg Solving War Crimes With Wristbands The Arrogance of 'Kony 2012' German Internet Community Cries Foul over Google News Law  Germany's Internet community, gathered at the world's biggest hightech fair, was up in arms Thursday at a draft law forcing Google and other similar sites to pay media firms for content. Strong solar storm heading for Earth AFP Deathrow inmates 'main source of organs in China' Dugongs cruelly slaughtered in illegal meat trade (Australia)
 India blacklists Israel Military Industries for 10 years for bribery. Italian police break up international paedophile network Germany earned 380 million euros in interest on the loans it paid to Greece so far Israel's Netanyahu, In A Risky Strategy, Presses U.S. On Iran Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has forcefully pushed President Obama to take a tougher stance on Iran. Critics say he risks alienating an ally. German Health Insurers Have $26 Billion Cash, Sueddeutsche Says  Politicians are suggesting lower premiums or abolishing payments for medication, while insurers want to keep the money as reserve for years with deficits Khamenei hails Obama's remarks against Iran strike Japans Nuclear Energy Industry Nears Shutdown  All but 2 of its 54 commercial reactors have gone off line since the disaster a year ago.  With the last operating reactor to be idled, Japan  once a world leader in atomic energy  will shut down an industry that generated a 1/3 of its electricity. UK 'Must Plan for Euro Collapse'  Ministers should draw up plans to deal with a breakup of the eurozone as a matter of urgency, a committee of MPs & peers has warns Nigeria Rescue Bid Kidnapped Briton & Italian killed  

A Briton & an Italian abducted by gunmen in Nigeria last year have died in a failed rescue attempt, David Cameron announces Tunisian University Denies Muslims the Right To Worship. Clashes Erupt Many Hurt. Syria's deputy oil minister defects from Assad 4.6 magnitude earthquake strikes Haiti U.S. adds Vatican to moneylaundering 'concern' list Japanese whalers cut season short Japan shutting down nuclear power industry Chinese state media thanks women for being hot   It's hard to think of a more awkward way for a media outlet to celebrate International Women's Day In India, battle continues over Hindu temple's riches  The vaults at a temple in Kerala have yielded gold and gems worth an estimated $21 billion. A lawsuit has raised a thorny question Who owns the treasure? 4 more generals defect from Syrian army & join uprising against President Bashar alAssad Mass prodemocracy protest rocks Bahrain According to a recent court ruling, German hotels have the right to turn away farright extremists for their political views. The case struggled to reconcile the principles of freedom and equality.  Smartphone apps are sending your data to China In Russia's largest cities, government employees are given sirens and blue lights that give them the right to disobey traffic signals and barrel through traffic. But a small and growing protest movement is challenging them and their special privilege Resolute, Nunavut, Canada loses Chinese polar bear hunt  Business bows to pressure from international media deriding hunt of 'endangeredears Bin Ladens Wives Stories of Post9/11 Life Casts More Suspicion on Pakistan   Tens of Thousands Protest in Bahrain Down, Down Hamad  Bahrain protesters boost pressures on king; sporadic clashes Japan Earthquake One Year Later [pics] Five murdered Irish emigrants will be reburied in a new grave today
 According to a Wikileaks email, Russia refused landing permission to the doomed plane carrying President Kaczynski in April 2010, to force him to miss a Katyn massacre memorial service. Girls only allowed to access Facebook if they are wearing burkas!  Afghans lampoon clerics over women guidelines Japan ends its whaling season with less than a third of its original target, as ships head home from the Antarctic Ocean. Four Syrian generals defect to opposition as desertions gather pace The defection brings the number of senior Syrian officers who have defected to seven, rebels say.
 Top Irish food producer jailed for garlic tax scam Did Russia and Israel swap data on their enemies? A Stratfor email exchange suggests the two traded drone intel on Georgia and Iran. Fearing climate change, island nation eyes move to Fiji Far right hardcore 'willing to prepare for armed conflict' With tensions high in Mideast, evangelical Christians tighten embrace of Israel LGBT rights window closing in Egypt Revolutionary optimism retreats as Islamic parties take power.
 Up to 20,000 demonstrators have gathered in central Moscow to demand Vladimir Putin's resignation and protest against electoral fraud What country jails the most journalists? 
If you guessed China, you were close, but no cigar. 27 reporters are in prison there. If you guessed Iran, youre getting warmer 42 in prison therebut youre still off.   
How many of you guessed Turkey?
 UK Homelessness rise of 14% 'just tip of iceberg'. Charities say figure fails to capture huge numbers who are living with friends, in hostels or on streets. The dirty war on WikiLeaks | Media smears suggest Swedish complicity in a Washingtondriven push to punish Julian Assange China's J20 Stealth Fighter Is Already Doing A Whole Lot More Than Anyone Expected Radioactive plutonium spread tens of kilometres from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. The distances at this material was found implies that plutonium was ejected during the hydrogen explosions in the first days of the crisis. Spanish changes are scientific suicide Spain no longer has a ministry of science. In 2011, its new govt transferred national science policy to the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness Afghan woman joins patriarchy from under a turban Dressing as a man has helped this female tribal leader rise to power.
 Israel airstrikes target Gaza, killing at least 12 Spain's unions call general strike over labour laws Did A Pirate TV Stream Save Lives During The Japan Tsunami? ... minutes after the first vibrations of the earthquake, a middle school boy in Hiroshima started up a UStream channel to broadcast an illegal, pirate stream of NHK News' The undertaker, Atsushi Chiba, a father of five who cared for almost 1,000 bodies in Kamaishi, has now become an unlikely hero in a community trying to heal its wounds a year after the massive earthquake and tsunami that ravaged much of Japans northeastern coast Taliban demand the immediate release of Osama bin Laden's widows, threaten attacks in Pakistan For Afghan Policewomen, Sex Abuse Is A Job Hazard British hostage killed in failed Nigeria rescue  Israel kills 10 Palestinian militants in Gaza strikes Remains of 167 People Found in Mexican Cave Thousands protest outside Hungary's parliament calling for ouster of the Prime Minister & his centerright govt, which they accuse of undermining democratic values & weakening the economy Britain can no longer ignore that its influence on the world is shrinking amid the rise of developing nations, a panel of senior lawmakers said Thursday [8 Mar 2012]...The group also said Britain should prepare for looser ties with the United States as the U.S. shifts its focus from western Europe Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez betrayed the FARC to appease generals and to prevent the extradition of drug trafficker Walid Makled to the United States, according to new documents leaked by WikiLeaks.   The Islamic World's Quiet Revolution  
Forget politics. Muslim countries are poised to experience a new wave of change  but this time it's all about demographics. Expert witnesses accused of 'industrial scale perjury' 'We Need a Bond Between Companies and Workers'  Berthold Huber is leader of Germany's powerful IG Metall union, which represents metal workers. He talks about the rise of worker exploitation in Germany and how unions helped prevent a doubledip recession. How India Became America  NYTimes.com Italian tanker ship runs aground in stormy seas off Sicily; helicopters rescuing crew of 19  The Washington Post US Soldier 'Kills 16' Afghans In Their Homes At least 14 youths have been stoned to death in Baghdad in the past three weeks in what appears to be a campaign by Shiite militants against youths wearing Westernstyle emo clothes and haircuts In secular Britain, a clash over public prayer 'The move to ban public prayers in tiny town... has erupted into a national proxy fight over whether Christianity should still hold a privileged place in a modern, diverse and now highly secular society.' New Israeli air strike kills 12yearold in Gaza, death toll reaches 17 Appetite for shark fin soup 'causing decline of blue sharks in UK waters'  
Blue shark population off UK coast is targeted by fisherman using wall of death method, before being sent to Asia Groundbreaking Trial Against Big Tobacco Starts in Montreal Monday Moebius died...How Sad... Turns out, remains found in Mexico cave are part of a preHispanic cemetery dating back some 1,300 years (With Photos) 17 civilians killed in Afghan Kandahar province Afghanistan's Karzai calls shooting spree intentional murders  UN Powerless to Force Protection of Great Barrier Reef   Says it's entirely up to Australia ProEuropean left sweeps Slovak vote, targets rich Legalising gay marriage unjustified, say archbishops Fake Facebook profile used for spying... Scots offer to send water to aid droughthit England, but there are huge logistical issues to be overcome before it can happen  Iceland will either adopt the euro after joining the European Union or drop the krona and unilaterally adopt another currency as 'the situation can't remain unchanged,' said Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir. A new chapter unfolds in the fight against Big Tobacco My 130 Days In The Hands Of alQaeda's African Monsters, By Former Hostage The killing of British hostage Chris McManus in Nigeria is a wakeup call to the threat posed by Islamic militants in Africa, warns former kidnap victim Robert R Fowler Concordia University to lose $2 million in funding Egyptian army doctor cleared over 'virginity tests' on women activists Life and death under Syria's military onslaught Syria's Assad meets Annan, but gives little ground GCHQ civilian staff face war crimes charge over drone strikes in Pakistan Shabab and Ethiopian troops clash in Somalia  Scores dead as alShabab and Ethiopian army engage in a threehourlong gun battle in Yurkud, close to nationsorder. A military court on Sunday acquitted an army doctor who had been accused of performing forced virginity tests on women detained by soldiers when they broke up a street protest a year ago. Bradley Manning's treatment was cruel and inhuman, UN torture chief rules Honduras Invites Colombia and Mexico to Join Drug Legalization Debate  U.S. Faces Challenge to Drug War as Latin American Countries Mull Decriminalization, Legalization Afghan civilian deaths spark calls for U.S. exit Swiss voters reject 6 weeks of paid vacation In Kenya, a group of young Maasai warriors formed a cricket team with big hopes to promote healthy living, to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS and women's issues, and ultimately to become role models in their community and ambassadors for both the Maasai and Kenya. Afghans vow vengeance for soldier's killing spree  Kim Dotcom Many Megaupload Users at the US Gov't South Korea's Unification Plan 'No One Wants to Just Swallow Upthe North'  Is it possible that Korea will ever reunite? People in the South firmly believe it will happen  and are even starting to save up money for the massive costs it would entail Sarkozy threatens 'to close' France's borders Frances Sarkozy vows to pull France out of Europes 25nation visafree zone unless border controls are tightened to prevent illegal immigrants from sneaking in to find jobs Rioter who attacked Malaysian student during London Riots jailed for seven years
 Jewish settlers agree to evacuate West Bank outpost Researchers in Florence say they are one step closer to proving a lost masterpiece by Leonardo da Vinci, The Battle of Anghiari, is painted on a hidden wall in a cavity in Florence's town hall, where it has remained unseen for five centuries. 'This Debate Will No Longer be Suppressed' Legalizing Drugs Breaks Into the Mainstream  Christians have no right to wear cross at work, says Government  Telegraph Afghans 'out of patience' after Kandahar massacre Chinese Mighty Dragon doomed to breathe Russian fire A newlybuilt section of a highspeed rail line has collapsed in China's central Hubei province following heavy rain, state media reports. The 1% Recovery  While the financial crisis hurt the top 1 percent more than anyone else, their recovery has been spectacular  while everyone else has languished. UK Wants Renewable Energy Target Scrapped  

Fledgling green industries could be hit as document reveals move to rebrand nuclear power as a renewable form of energy Aer Lingus apologises over language tests for passenger UK Foreign Secretary sued over US drone strikes in Pakistan The scientist who blew the whistle on stratospheric ozone destruction (won a nobel prize in 1995) died this weekend. China may send its first woman into space Indian Govt uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97% Dangerous Ignorance The Hysteria of Kony 2012 British stroke victim wins right to ask for euthanasia. China cracks down on human trafficking, freeing 24,000 abducted women and children in 2011 The alleged rape of a 16yearold Muslim girl was captured on video by one of the soldiers and has been passed around Thailands newsrooms and military offices where some have made the galling and insulting comment that perhaps the girl didnt resist enough. Dr. Jacques Brs, a 71year old French surgeon, smuggled himself into Homs, Syria, to treat the wounded in a makeshift hospital. Rebekah Brooks arrested Fighting the failed War on Drugs Bolivia's Evo Morales defends right to chew coca leafWe are not drug addicts when we consume the coca leaf. Nicolas Sarkozy 'received 42 million from Muammar Gaddafi for 2007 election' Russia says it will keep selling weapons to Syria Australia Passes Controversial Nuclear Waste Bill  

Radioactive material set to be dumped in remote Aboriginal community, despite ongoing court case into legality of proposal Syrian troops have planted landmines along routes used by people fleeing the country's violence and trying to reach neighbouring Turkey, an international human rights group has said.  Police Arrest Murdoch Deputy Rebekah Brooks And Husband  The Daily Beast 45,000 caught cheating at Britain's universities Syria laying landmines along the border on routes where refugees have fled Nightmare Zoo in Indonesia Shaken When Giraffe Dies With BeachballSized Wad of Plastic in its Belly  Tigers are emaciated & the 180 pelicans packed so tightly they can't unfurl their wings. New attention now focused on scandalous conditions at largest zoo. (With Photos) 'Enemies of the internet' named Colonel Gaddafi 'gave French President  Nicolas Sarkozy 42million to fund his 2007 election campaign' Lockdown London The 2012 Olympic Games will see the UK's biggest mobilisation of military and security forces since the second world war. A mosque near Brussels was attacked with Molotov cocktails and its imam died trying to extinguish the flames, Belgian newspapers reported late Monday. Russia sees 'no reason' to halt weapon support for Syria Polish Nuclear Dreams Threaten Ties with Germany China gives Japan nod to buy $10bn (6.4bn) of government bonds as Beijing tries to create a more international role for its currency Billions in cash flees Afghanistan, economy threatened The Fertility Implosion  A woman in Oman today has 5.6 fewer babies than a woman in Oman 30 years ago. Morocco, Syria and Saudi Arabia have seen fertilityrate declines of nearly 60 percent, and in Iran its more than 70 percent. These are among the fastest declines in recorded history. Israel is planning to demolish 'illegal' solar panels that are the only source of electricity for Palestinians in West Bank villages Moroccan girl commits suicide after being forced by judge to marry her rapist. French Surgeon, 71, Saves Lives in Syria  Dr. Jacques Brs, a veteran of war zones, left his comfortable Paris life last month to smuggle himself into Homs, the center of the Syrian revolt, to tend to the wounded and the sick.  Encyclopedia Britannica halts print publication after 244 years Russia to finally send man to the Moon Argentina's Supreme Court unanimously decriminalized abortion for rape victims In a break with his past positions, Guatemala's president now wants to decriminalise drugs  and not just marijuana. Switzerland bus crash 'kills 28, including 22 children' Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao democracy in China is 'inevitable' 
Teenager arrested for antiwar comments made on Facebook page Tsunami alert as 6.8 earthquake hits Japan Hundreds of bodies found in German University. A 12yearold girl was arrested in Greece today after she tried to sell her baby to undercover police officers, Athens News reported. The baby was 10weeksold. Chinese Premier Wen says China needs political reform, warns of another Cultural Revolution if without London Metropolitan Police officers assaulted a 16yearold boy with severe autism by forcing him into handcuffs and leg restraints during a school trip, the High Court has ruled. Canada to Allow Foreign Ownership for Small Telecoms The Syrian story of truth and reality Taking To The Streets  


Fabric of Greek democracy is unravelling. Savage cuts imposed by Europe. Politicians impotent, dismissed, loathed. Bailout or not, the political system is finished. Country stands on verge of radical social change China possibly purchasing Russian SU35 fighter because of problems with their own J20 Stealth fighter. Reports have surfaced that at least one of the J20 prototypes uses a Russian borrowed engine. Iran's parliament grilled President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Wednesday over a long list of accusations, including that he mismanaged the nation's economy and defied the authority of the country's supreme leader. Putin Promises Science Boost, but Russian Researchers Skeptical of Ambitious Schemes  Young scientists here have basically no opportunity to make ties with colleagues from N. America, Europe or Asia. It's a sad & stupid situation,  says a scientist in St Petersburg.  ExMurdoch scribe claims editor told me to bribe police Congo warlord Thomas Lubanga convicted of using child soldiers The recent death of 5 prematurely born children in German city, Bremen due to infections acquired in the hospital has strengthened fears among environmental and health experts that massive use of antibiotics in industrial livestock farming is creating extremely resistant bacteria As Syrians flee the increasing violence, and as government forces increase intensity of their crackdown, many refugees are discovering that Syrian forces have planted antipersonnel mines along the border  making their escape extremely dangerous. Moroccans demand change to Islamic penal code after a girl kills herself because judge forced her to marry her rapist Man called police after finding pornographic images on his laptop after trying to download music. Social services banned him from having unsupervised access to his child while police investigated... Ban was finally lifted The Pirate Party, which made international headlines after its success in state elections in Berlin last year, stands to make gains in two other German states this spring. The party's pledge to foster transparency and participation is resonating with voters who are fed up with local corruption.  Lost Boy Uses Google Earth to Find His Way Home After 25 Years Colombia to Enact Drug Decriminalization The govt of Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos is preparing legislation that will set personal dose amounts for drugs that will allow for their possession without the possibility of arrest or prosecution. The Guardian obtained 3000 messages from alAsaad's email account.  Iran advised him on how to handle the uprising against his rule. And Qatar offered him exile  Kony 2012 video screening met with anger in northern Uganda Officials in China's Ministry of Health recently admitted to harvesting organs from death row inmates, ending years of denials about the practice. It is estimated that twothirds of the country's total organ transplants come from executed prisoners 50 NGOs urge Pakistan to free Christian mother  from execution on charge of Blasphemy  We refuse to accept that this mother of five children will continue to languish in her putrid, stifling, freezing cell for so long  especially without the right to see her children. French police use tear gas on steelworkers worried about job losses, as they tried to force their way toward the headquarters of President Sarkozy's reelection campaign Syria setting border mines to stop refugee flight Ugandan Gay Rights Group Sues Scott Lively, a U.S. Evangelist  NYTimes.com Illegal Fishing Straining West Africa   Recognized as one of the world's richest fisheries grounds teeming with snapper, grouper, sardines, mackerel & shrimp, it's losing up to $1.5 billion worth of fish annually to vessels in protected zones or without proper equipment or licenses
 Iran loses access to SWIFT  Nato Must Quit Afghan Villages  President Karzai tells Nato to pull back to bases Suspect in Afghan massacre flown out of country, and will not face justice in Afghanistan. Norwegian Hercules plane vanishes en route to Sweden Afghans seethe at lack of US reaction to massacre UK Teen Charged Over Dead Soldiers Facebook Post '... teenager will appear in court for allegedly making comments on Facebook about the deaths of six British soldiers in Afghanistan.' China Sacks Key Leadership Contender  One of Chinas most charismatic westernstyle politicians has been sacked in rare political scandal In a historic judgment, the International Criminal Court convicts Thomas Lubango Dyilo of recruiting children into armed conflict Bo Xilai a stunning & highly public fall from grace in China
 
The senior Communist Party official, was abruptly dismissed amid scandal, ending his ambition of a top post. His removal could complicate a key year of political transition in China.  Egypt Armed Bedouins are besieging the UN peacekeeper camp in Sinai Court Convicts Congo Warlord Of Using Child Soldiers Canadian women 'molested by female US border guards,' lawsuit alleges Chinese official proposes death penalty as deterrent to government corruption amounting to about $100,000 or greater.  New Chevron Oil Leak Off Coast of Brazil  Just 5 months after Chevron lost its drilling rights for causing the largest oil spill in recent memory off the coast of Rio de Janeiro, they've gone &  done it again Shell admits to at least 207 oil spills in 2011 A Jewish man wins his fight against a German museum for the return of thousands of rare posters stolen from his father by the Nazis in 1938. UK would not help Israel attack Iran, Prime Minister David Cameron says Afghan President Hamid Karzai lashed out at the United States on Friday [17 March 2012], saying he is at the 'end of the ropeecause of the lack of U.S. cooperation into a probe of a killing spree allegedly carried out by an American soldier. Putin's Fabled Tiger Encounter was PR Stunt, Say Environmentalists  He allegedly came face to face with a wild tiger, but bloggers now say it was set up. According to local & Moscowbased environmentalists, the tiger, named Serga, was taken from a zoo & driven to a nature reserve. Moroccans call for end to rapemarriage laws  Africa  Al Jazeera English Friends no more? Egypts MPs declare Israel No. 1 enemy In emails, the nuclear physicist at one of Europe's most celebrated laboratories railed about a need to punish Western governments for allegedly antiMuslim wars in Iraq and Afghanistan  and conferred with an alleged alQaida contact about possible assassination or bombing plots. Syrian armed forces desertion said to surge to 60,000 (Businessweek) A Moroccan government minister on Thursday called for changes to a law that allows a rapist to marry his victim to escape prosecution, after a teenager who was forced into such a marriage killed herself last week by drinking rat poison.  Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams to stand down A Swiss couple held captive for nearly a year by the Taliban in Pakistan turned up at an army post close to the Afghan border on Thursday, claiming to have escaped from their captors, the Pakistani army said. They were swiftly flown to safety by the military. Something is rotten here O'Dwyer's extradition to US approved Argentina is intensifying its campaign to block oil development in the Falkland Islands, announcing on Thursday it will pursue administrative, civil and criminal penalties against the dozens of companies involved. You wouldn't expect it in light of the resurgent German debate about the willingness of young Muslims to integrate into mainstream society, but integration in Germany is actually faring better than expected.  Canada Considers Fate of Arctic Explorer's Ship  It may repatriate the Norwegian 3mast ship, visible above the frigid waters. Roald  Amundsen was the 1st European to sail through the Northwest Passage searching for a shorter shipping route from Europe to Asia & the 1st to reach the South Pole.  North Korea's rocket launch would defy UN, despite just agreeing to halt weapons testing in exchange for food aid North Korean threatens weeks old treaty with planned satellite/Long range Missile launch  Ireland oil strike raises hopes for exploration boom  Providence Resources boss Tony O'Reilly Junior said 'I think this discovery also creates a reappraisal in the minds of global oil corporations about coming back to Irish waters to drill for oil'
 Moldova breaks political gridlock, elects president  Moldova's parliament elected a veteran judge who vowed to tackle rampant corruption as the country's new president on Friday, ending a threeyear hiatus that had delayed reform in the poor, exSoviet republic. More than 150 arrested after antibrutality protesters clash with police in Montreal North Korea says it will launch longrange rocket carrying satellite Acclaimed Public Radio International program has retracted an entire episode about working conditions inside Foxconn, the Chinese manufacturer that builds much of Apple's most popular hardware, after learning the NPR reporter partially fabricated information about his visit to the factories French Senator wants to ban child pageants and certain types of children's clothing. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange is planning to run for a seat in the Australian Senate. Destroy all churches 'If the pope called for the destruction of all the mosques in Europe, the uproar would be cataclysmic... On March 12, the grand mufti of Saudi Arabia, declared that it is necessary to destroy all the churches of the region.'  France bans strain of Monsanto GM maize Suicide of 16yearold girl forced to marry rapist prompts angry protest by Moroccan women Russia plans manned moon shot by 2030  UK petrol station CCTVs will check insurance/tax status before you are allowed to fill up Chile Protesters Demanding Education Rights Met With Tear Gas, Water Cannons Protesters reject 2tiered education system, demand free, quality education for all Police plans to fire rubber bullets in London ... senior officers wanted to fire rubber bullets at rioters in south London last summer  but firearms specialists could not reach the trouble spots in time. The Met has now promised to make more agile use of the weapons. France Bans Growing of Genetically Modified Monsanto Corn. Private papers released for the first time reveal a meeting kept secret and denied between Margaret Thatcher and Rupert Murdoch over his bid to buy the Times newspapers. WikiLeaks' Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate Osama bin Laden ordered cells in Afghanistan and Pakistan to shoot down a plane carrying Barack Obama and Gen David Petraeus, it was reported on Friday. The Vatican has launched an internal, criminal investigation into the leaks of confidential documents that alleged corruption and financial mismanagement and exposed power struggles among Holy See officials, a Vatican prelate said Saturday. Moroccans Slam Law Allowing Rapist To Marry Victim Iraq'a Sadr movement says it frees US soldier  Followers of Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada alSadr handed over a captive American soldier to the United Nations alive on Saturday, two senior officials in Sadr's movement have said. Coptic Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria and Patriarch of Saint Mark Diocese died on Saturday at the age of 88
 'Nazi guard' John Demjanjuk dies Bombings of two secret police HQ's heralds beginnings of a new stage of Syrian insurgency   Swedish feminists bare pits to 'reclaim the hair'  Some forty Swedish women gathered at a Malm square in the afternoon on Thursday, taking a stand against the recent internet storm vilifying women's hairy armpits. Letter from China The Chinese Campaign Gets Dirty  Bo Xilai, perhaps the Communist Party's most charismatic politician, has been forced out of his job as Party secretary in Chongqing without explanation or warning.  Haiti and Cuba sign deal for Cuban technicians to help repair government truck and bus fleets China poised to limit use of mental hospitals to curb dissent  Chinese lawmakers are drawing up laws that would spell out when people can be confined to psychiatric hospitals against their will. Profile Pope Shenouda III of Alexandria Israeli Budget Reinforces Discrimination Against 1948 Palestinians In Sweden, cash is king no more. Ukrainian girl survives been burned alive after gang rape  The 19yearold daughter of a Chilean diplomat in Venezuela has been killed by police at a road checkpoint. The trio ignored a command to stop by police at the checkpoint, fearing the officers might be robbers. Violent crime is widespread in Venezuela. Brazil to file charges on Chevron executives  A federal judge grants a request from prosecutors, barring 17 executives from leaving Brazil, pending criminal charges. Drug War Incompatible with Human Rights, Says Law Enforcement Against Prohibition (LEAP) Thai billionaire who invented Red Bull energy drink dies in Bangkok, aged 89 Officials in Marseille are evacuating an area around the French Mediterranean city's port so they can remove a 1ton German bomb that dates to WWII UK steps in to help West Africa in fight to overturn EU fishing abuses  Britain helps block move by Spain that would have allowed European trawlers to continue overfishing in African waters
 Mexicos middle class is becoming its majority  Although many Mexicans still imagine a country of downtrodden masses dominated by a wealthy elite, the swelling ranks of the middle class are crowding new WalMarts, driving Nissan sedans and maxing out their Banamex credit cards. A former Lutheran pastor and civil rights activist has been elected as Germany's new president St. Patrick's Day party turns violent in London, Ont. Somali pirates increase brutality Pirates' torture of kidnapped crew members is becoming commonplace.
 U.S. teacher killed in Yemen  witnesses say attackers wore uniforms of the country's Republican Guard  England's Environmental Regulations to be Slashed  Environmentalists angry over government plans to 'cut red tape' on rules over air, land & noise pollution, & wildlife protection Thousands Rally for FarLeft French Candidate Gulf Widens Between U.S. And A More Volatile Karzai 'Let's pray for God to rescue us from these two demons,' Mr. Karzai said . . . clearly referring to the United States and the Taliban in the same breath. 'There are two demons in our country now.' Brazil  17 executives from Chevron and Transocean barred from leaving the country, pending criminal charges related to last years Oil Spill. While Iceland investigates City banking fraud claims,  UK authorities admit they are defeated by the complexity of the case While an Americanbacked gas pipeline through Afghanistan might be done in 2014, an Iranianbacked pipeline is already built up to the border with Pakistan, just waiting for the hookup. In China, millions make themselves at home in caves  Some are basic, others beautiful, with high ceilings and nice yards. 'Life is easy and comfortable here,' one cave dweller says. Doctors bid to unseat 50 MPs in revenge over NHS bill King George Tupou V of the South Pacific nation of Tonga has died at the age of 63, reports say. India Maoists kidnap Italian tourists in Orissa  Maoist rebels have kidnapped 2 Italians in the eastern Indian state of Orissa, the 1st time Westerners have been abducted there With 1bn hungry and 1bn obese, what is the future of the world's resources?
 Britain ending aid to India Iranians respond to Israeli Facebook initiative Israel, we &lt;3 you too Dutch Catholic church abuse at least one youth castrated for 'homosexuality', evidence for at least 10 other cases King of Tonga dead report The Nobel peace prize winner and president of Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, has defended a law that criminalises homosexual acts, saying We like ourselves just the way we are. How one man escaped from a North Korean prison camp Italian police have arrested 16 judges in what they say is a big antimafia operation centred on Naples. WikiLeaks Founder to Run for Australian Senate Slavery's last stronghold, Mauritania Pope Benedict XVI disturbed by disloyalty of those who leaked internal documents about corruption, poor financial management,and contempt regarding the Vatican efforts against laundering. In Mexico, extortion is a booming offshoot of drug war  Almost every segment of the economy and society, including businesses, teachers and priests, has been subjected to extortionists who exploit fear of cartels. Four killed in shooting at Jewish school in France Winds of change blow through China as spending on renewable energy soars  
World's biggest polluter spends 4bn a year on wind & solar power generation in single region as it aims to cut fossil fuel use Assad wife I am the real dictatorThe Britishborn wife of Syrian president Bashar alAssad joked in leaked emails. Al Jazeera obtains secret Syria files  
Papers prepared for President Assad by intelligence and security chiefs throw light on his strategy to quell protests. Israelis Agree Iran Hasn't Decided on the actual construction of Atom Bomb  Chinese hoping ticket out of China is French class  Chinese desperate to emigrate have discovered a backdoor into Canada that involves applying for entry into the country's francophone province of Quebec  as long as you have a good working knowledge of the local lingo Topless Women Protest Rampant Sex Trade in Ukraine  ABC News 80% in Japan 'support nuclear phaseout' Mexican Policemen Killed After Beheadings  Gunmen in western Mexico have killed 12 policemen investigating the beheadings of 10 other people 24pound tumor misdiagnosed as pregnancy Researchers have updated HadCRUT, one of the main global temperate records, which dates back to 1850  2010 now listed as world's hottest year WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate  CNN.com Only 2% believe David Cameron is leading 'greenest government ever  
Poll reveals only one in 50 members of the British public agrees that the prime minister is delivering on his pledge Africans must travel to the moon to investigate what developed nations have been doing in outer space, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni said Saturday. A gunman has opened fire at a school for Jewish children in the French city of Toulouse, killing at least three people The potato movement is taking off across Greece agricultural produce is being sold directly to consumers by their producers. 105 year old woman hanged herself after telling her family she was tired of waiting to die. UK Student wins Police payout after being arrested for filming Germanys $263 Billion Shift To Renewable Energy Is The Biggest Reconstruction Of It's Energy Market Since WWII. France restores ban on GMO maize crops | Reuters UK teenager arrested for antiwar Facebook post Russian troops roll into Syria to support Assad Iran presses ahead with dollar attack (will no longer accept oil payment in USD just as Saddam did in 2000) Muhammad Wazir lost his mother, his wife, a sisterinlaw, a brother, a nephew, his four daughters and two of his sons in last week's mass shooting in two villages. Like anyone, I wanted my children to be doctors, engineers  important people. All my dreams are buried under a pile of dust now.


 Einstein archive goes online  
Hebrew University of Jerusalem to publish 80,000 of the worldfamous physicists documents on new internet archive
 Australia Passes Controversial Mining Tax Into Law  The Australian Senate has pushed through into law a 30% tax on iron ore and coal mining companies Six political activists who gathered last year to watch and discuss television news broadcasts of the Arab Spring protests were convicted Monday of plotting to overthrow the government. Norway's state church headed toward  disestablishment | The Christian Century Which is the world's biggest employer? The Vatican has expressed its dismay and betrayal at the sinful and criminal acts by Catholic clergy guilty of child abuse across Ireland. I cannot imagine US infrastructure, diplomats or personnel would be safe anywhere in the world says former Iranian ambassador if US attacked Iran.  Venezuela  Govt. hands out 600 musical instruments to children across ten schools as part of a strategy to prevent crime, and bringing the number of instruments handed out so far to a total of 1,600. Peaceminded Israeli reaches out to everyday Iranians via Facebook  CNN.com Australian Government Moves To Quickly Pass Laws To Sterilize, Electroshock, And Restrain Children Without Parental Consent CenterLeft Mexico Presidential Candidate Vows to End Drug War Greece  theatregoers will pay for their tickets not with money but with food, which the theatre's staff will then distribute among half a dozen charities and welfare organisations in the city. Major earthquake in Mexico  7.6 Greek bailout actually another bailout for the banks.  It is estimated that out of every euro provided by Brussels, only 19 cents will go to the Greek government, with the rest flowing straight into the coffers of banks and financial investors.  China raises concern to North Korea about rocket launch Deaths Spotlight Taiwan's 'Overwork' Culture  Working hard is ingrained in Taiwanese society. But recent deaths attributed to overwork are leading people to question the culture for the 1st time. Russian Court declares books on Scientology to be extremist literature and bans them from sale. 7.9 in Acapulco, Mexico Bomb explodes in Paris at Indonesian Embassy this morning Why Has India Become the World's Top Arms Buyer?  India has replaced China as the worlds largest arms buyer, accounting for 10 percent of all arms purchases during the past five years, a Swedish research group said. Egyptian teen throws herself off a balcony to avoid forced marriage Germany has confirmed plans to sell a discounted nuclearcapable submarine to Israel, after Berlin reportedly dropped objections over Jewish settlement building in the Palestinian territories.  Suspect in Toulouse shootings declares allegiance to alQaida according to French police Israel banning use of underweight models African reporter confronted with violent threats after story on female circumcision Mohammed Merah, gunman suspected of murdering three children and rabbi at a French Jewish school, has been arrested Greece 1 in 6 disability claims fake Are Walmart's Chinese Factories as Bad as Apple's?  
A fictionfree investigation finds that in many cases, the company's auditors are asleep on the job Centre fully accepts decriminalization of gay sex AG  The Times of India Gunman who killed French Paratroopers and children at a Jewish school is in a siege with police. Apparently is a 24 year old French Muslim claiming to be a member of AlQueda. Russia warned Tuesday [20 March 2012] that Iran would have no option but to develop nuclear weapons if it came under attack from either the United States or Israel over its contested atomic programme. Dutch Catholic Church accused of castrating young boys who complained of sexual abuse or suspected of homosexuality. Russia and China agree on a U.N. Security Council statement that threatens Assad Apache copter crashes in Afghanistan  Some things just need to be seen to be believed. [video] As Greek health services are defunded HIV rates soar; Malaria makes comeback after 30 years Bolivia Has Transformed Itself by Ignoring the Washington Consensus By breaking with orthodox prescriptions for progress, Evo Morales has helped to forge a new Bolivia centered on 'living well' Payday Loans in the UKthey learned this trick in the States  RIP NHS, 19482012 Cameron gloats as hated Health Bill passed to allow private firms to cash in on care Cameroon Elephant Massacre Shows Poaching, Ivory Trade Require an International Response 'Less than a month ago Bouba NDjida National Park was home to 450 elephants. Today, at least half of those elephants are gone, slaughtered by armed horsemen...'  Mexican Government predicted today's 7.4 
magnitude  earthquake one month ago. U.N. Security Council backs Kofi Annan's Syria peace plan Pirating UK Student to be Extradited to the US 'Despite public outrage Home Secretary Theresa May approved the extradition order today. The 23yrold student has never visited US, but now faces several years in a US prison.' 23 years old shooter in Toulouse, France, killed during assault, according to police. Over 308'000 PostSecondary Students (out of 450'000) in Canadian Province of Quebec On Strike Today To Protest Austerity of 75% Tuition Increase. Over 100'000 Expected In The Streets Of Montreal Today. 200'000 On Unlimited General Strike. Australia's mostwanted man caught after 7 years hiding in bush, eating kangaroos Baffling Illness Strikes Africa, Turns Children Into Violent Zombies Official Coup d'etat underway in Mali Contamination Time Bomb  Chevron, TransOcean Executives Face Criminal Charge for Brazilian Oil Spill  Prosecutors say 'crime against nature' could land imprudent company's employees in jail Gangs of women in Zimbabwe have been picking up male travellers to have sexual intercourse and harvest their sperm, according to reports. Alberta colleges, universities made illegal donations to Canada's ruling Conservative party during the last few years  CBC Muslim envoys walk out in protests at U.N. gay rights debate Kim DotCom to get monthly living expenses of $48,000 New Zealand court rules that the MegaUpload founder and alleged pirate will see more monthly cash and also be allowed the use of one of his cars Indian government may have lost $210 billion in 'mother of all scams' Antipiracy outfit BREIN is trying to stop the massive influx of Pirate Bay proxy sites that circumvent a courtordered blockade in the Netherlands Syrian rebels running out of ammunition as government presses offensive Marijuana Must Be Legalized  Massive fire sweeps through one of the oldest markets in Calcutta, destroying most of the shops  30 fire engines fought the blaze for over 4 hours  Why the World Should Keep Destructive Men Out of the World Bank  Just between you and me, shouldn't the World Bank be encouraging more migration of the dirty industries to the Lesser Developed Countries? (quote from banker Larry Summers, leading nominee to head the World Bank)  Toulouse shooting suspect Mohamed Merah dies jumping from his apartment window with gun in hand IMF Banksters worst fear Egyptians launch campaign to repudiate Mubarak's debt's Soldiers stage coup in Mali  Magna Carta to get modern makeover for 800th birthday
| Reuters Iraqi Kurdistan threatens to declare independence The Brazilian who wants to jail Chevron oilmen Leaked documents show 9,000 Nazi war criminals fled to South America after World War 2 (Telegraph)  Suspected al Qaeda militants unleashed a wave of terror across Baghdad and 11 other Iraqi cities on Thursday, killing at least 60 people in a series of attacks on government buildings, security targets, restaurants and a primary school North Korea warned that any criticism of its nuclear weapons program would be considered a declaration of war Staff Sgt. Robert Bales to face 17 murder counts in Afghanistan massacre Protesters gay the pray away. Not only has the United States reduced oil imports from members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries by more than 20 percent in the last three years, it has become a net exporter of refined petroleum products like gasoline for the first time since the Truman presidency. China Has Censored All Mention Of The Rumored Coup Attacking Iran to be worst mistake in U.S. history Castro Japan orders antimissile defence for N Korea rocket ACTA On Hold, But The Protests Continue In Serbia BBC News  China to end organ donations from executed prisoners New president urges Germans to stand by European unity, advocates tolerant society Better prepared Mexico's 7.4 quake causes damage, but no deaths
 'Pitbulltype' dog mauls five police officers in London, UK Gradeschool students in a northeastern Brazilian city are using uniforms embedded with locator chips that help alert parents if they're cutting classes, the city's education secretary said Thursday. Canada's Supreme Court says it's understandable for aboriginals to commit crimes, and they shouldn't be punished too harshly The United States, European allies and even Israel generally agree on three things about Iran's nuclear program Tehran does not have a bomb, has not decided to build one, and is probably years away from having a deliverable nuclear warhead. Hubbard ban Scientology books officially extremist in Russia (again)  RT Radiation risks from Fukushima are likely to be less than for Chernobyl US warns of 'strong response' if North Korea launches rocket  The Times of India Russia has destroyed 60% of chemical weapons
 Fresh water supplies are unlikely to keep up with global demand by 2040, increasing political instability, hobbling economic growth and endangering world food markets, according to a U.S. intelligence assessment released on Thursday. Kim Jongun's Barbaric Purge of 'Unsound' Military Brass He Uses Mortar Rounds To Dispose Of His Redcoats Fukushima Pref. deleted 5 days of radiation dispersion data just after meltdowns
 Nigeria's finance minister wants to be president of World Bank Portugal hit by general strike against austerity As Syria's bloodshed deepens, the Britishborn first lady has become an object of contempt for many, a Marie Antoinette figure who shopped online for crystalencrusted Christian Louboutin stilettos while her country burned. A Kazakh shooting gold medallist is stunned as the comedy national anthem from the film Borat is played for her victory in Kuwait instead of the real one. Nathaniel Raymond is the first to admit that he has an unusual job description. I count tanks from space for George Clooney Japanese boat washed away in tsunami spotted more than a year later  CNN.com Christian bishops in Germany, Austria and Russia have sharply criticized Saudi Arabia's top religious official after reports that he issued a fatwa saying all churches on the Arabian Peninsula should be destroyed. Liberals walk out of Egypt assembly selection  Parliamentarians meet to name 100member panel to write constitution, but liberals say Islamists are dominating process. UK Revealed what children are being told about abortion  Guardian Madonna May Be Charged Under St Petersburg AntiGay Law Mozart piano composition uncovered in Austria A former Russian banker is in a critical condition in hospital after he was shot several times with a submachine gun in London. Zimbabwean conservationists said Friday they are investigating the legality of a hunting spree in the country by the heirs to U.S. magnate Donald Trump's fortune after photos showed up online of the brothers posing with dead game animals. Torontos Mayor Ford vows to lead the charge in stopping lightrail transit Mali suspended from African Union  Military coup which deposed President Amadou Toumani Tour leads to EU and World Bank halting aid programmes
 Fire Devours Kenya's Ancient Forests  Blaze destroys 1,000s of hectares crucial for water & threatens wildlife at the World Heritage site.  It's believed it came from clearing bamboo to plant illegal crops, but poachers are also suspect. Elephants fled in search of safety. (With Video)
 Police attack Portuguese people protesting austerity measures  North Korean missiles aimed at Australia BBC News  Osborne 'raiding' NHS budget to fund income tax cuts Sri Lanka rejects UN war resolution  The country's acting foreign minister condemns a UN call for an international probe into threeyearold wartime battles. Brazil police hunt blonde kidnapping gang in Sao Paulo On Thursday rebel troops in Mali went on state television to announce that they had seized control of the country and ended the administration of Amadou Toumani Toure, the president. Serbian gangsters killed rival, ate him for lunch in a stew and disposed of body using a meat grinder Japan tsunami 'ghost ship' drifting to Canada Australia has banned Chinese networking giant Huawei from participating in the multibillion dollar National Broadband Network tendering process, despite the company not being accused of having broken any pertinent laws African Union to boost forces against Joseph Kony A Brazilian Corruption Story Finally Stirs Outrage Pakistan's Quiet Erosion of Internet Freedom  In a small internet cafe in the bustling commercial area of the Pakistani city of Lahore, Nazakat Khan, 22, is surfing the net Guatemala's president says 'War on Drugs' has failed, & it's time to end the taboo on discussing decriminalization Sarkozy announces crackdown on Internet hate sites From now on, any person who habitually consults Web sites that advocate terrorism or that call for hatred and violence will be criminally punished  Israel Loves Iran Campaign Gains Force A British man has been in prison for almost six years  for refusing to put his clothes on Cannabis Legal high  Spanish police arrest 22 gang members that tattooed bar codes onto prostitutes wrists  Tory Peter Cruddas sold access to British Prime Minister White Supremacists Flee into Subway as AntiRacist Group Approaches Australia's Federal Dept of Foreign Affairs & Trade emerged as ACTAs cheerleaderinchief, trumpeting the benefits of the treaty before a rare open federal parliamentary committee JP Morgan closes Vatican's bank account Afghan gun massacre families paid compensation. The families received around $50,000 for each person killed and about $10,000 for each wounded in the shootings in two villages in Panjwai district earlier this month. 
 Mackerel fishing sanctions imposed after Iceland & Faroes breach quotas, putting stocks at severe risk of overfishing   

North Sea & Atlantic mackerel fisheries to lose ecolabel & any mackerel landed in Europe from March 31 won't be allowed to use it.  Shell Sued in U.K. Over Massive 2008 Nigerian Oil Spills Dozens of French Muslims are training with the Taliban in northwestern Pakistan, raising fears of future attacks following the shooting deaths of seven people in southern France allegedly by a man who spent time in the region, Pakistani intelligence officials said Saturday. Shell Scrambles To Pay Huge Bill For Iran Oil 'There are big frustrations with the payment route  the U.S. pressure is really working,' said a senior oil source. 'It's now nearly impossible to use the banking system.' Greek Independence Day parade becomes effectively private. Israeli court rejects deal on settlers' Migron outpost Senior Tory Peter Cruddas resigns after cash for PM access sting Aberdeen Coastguard  evacuate 209 nonessential personnel to safety after gas leak discovered at North Sea platform    Evacuating that many that quickly reflects the seriousness. Efforts underway to control the leak.
 China 'warns' India with border drill 1,000 Israelis March in First Significant Protest Against War with Iran Four years after Kosovo's ethnic Albanians declared independence from Serbia, they have stepped up a drive for unification with Albania  Court to decide fate of 19 year old who claims she was kidnapped, converted to Islam and married against her will Militia storms hotel in Libya after guest told to pay overdue bill Legacy of a Massacre The World Bank and the Chixoy Dam Denmark aims to get 50% of all electricity from wind power Queen Elizabeth stuns bride and groom by accepting invite The Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the world's oceans, 6.78 miles deep, has only been reached by two humans and that was 50 years ago. Today however, James Cameron has started his descent to the ocean's deepest point. He is going to be the third human who has reached the Mariana Trench. Earthquake in Chile 'Last week UK approved the extradition of 23yrold student, Richard ODwyer to the US. In a response to the decision, The Times reader wrote an interesting letter thats worth sharing...' Prominent Kuwaiti Muslim scholar says freedom comes before Shariah A fall to cheer For the first time ever, the number of poor people is declining everywhere Israel cuts ties with UN human rights body  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Poland's new gas reserves turn out to be about 10% of the original estimate.  Greed Is The Beginning of Everything  


Interview with Tomas Sedlacek, freethinking Czech economist and philosopher. Complicated mathematical models are simply wrong or pointless at best. The real question should be Is the economy working the way we want it to? Kenya announces discovery of oil
 Monsanto, a halfcentury of health scandals Proving you're gay to the Turkish army A gang of women  described as blonde, bilingual and well educated  have been taking Brazilian shopping malls by storm, kidnapping female shoppers and maxing out their credit cards, police say. In a visit to Cuba, Pope Benedict calls for Cuba to abandon Marxism, saying that It is evident that Marxist ideology in the way it was conceived no longer corresponds to reality. Israel cuts contact with UN rights council, to protest settlements probe Foreign Ministry orders envoy to Geneva to ignore all phone calls from rights council commissioner; 'The council sparked this process', says a senior Israeli official  Only one of Japan's 54 nuclear reactors now running Israeli police say they have launched an investigation into reports soccer fans swarmed into a Jerusalem mall chanting antiArab slogans and beat Palestinian workers there. Man in Afghan army uniform shoots 2 NATO troops in Afghanistan. North Korea's dehumanizing treatment of its citizens is hiding in plain sight  Israel cuts contact with U.N. Human Rights Council over probe into Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
 A Norwegian court on Monday sentenced Mullah Krekar, the founder of a Iraqi Kurdish Islamist group, to five years in jail for issuing death threats against a former government minister and others. Japan shuts down another nuclear reactor; all could be off line by May  Pakistan bans Indian James Bond film  Journalist seeking truth about Khmer Rouge 'fears for his life'  James Cameron releases the first ever video footage of the bottom of the Mariana Trench  seven miles below the ocean's surface. 10,000 People Sign Petition to Honor Alan Turing by Putting Him on the 10 Note  Just last month the government there refused to pardon him for the crime of moral turpitude, that is, that he was gay. Global Warming Close to Becoming Irreversible  The world is close to reaching tipping points that will make it irreversibly hotter, making this decade critical in efforts to contain global warming, scientists warned on Monday. 11 suicide vests found at Afghan military HQ Australia bans Chinese  technology giant Huawei from bidding to help build a nationwide highspeed Internet network due to concern about cyber attacks traced to China Why the Right to Water Is Under Attack  
World leaders are trying to roll back momentum that would instill the right to water as an essential human right Al Jazeera has received a video of the murderous rampage in southwest France and is now considering whether to air it over the objections of President Nicolas Sarkozy. EU Parliament not sending ACTA to ECJ, making a final decision right away Al Jazeera not to air French killings video BP Oil Spill Seriously Harmed DeepSea Corals  Evidence compelling that explosion at Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in 2010 badly damaged colonies in the Gulf of Mexico  Egypt liberals to write rival constitution Japan in Uproar Over Censorship of Emperor's AntiNuclear Speech German police can base ID checks on skin color, court rules  A court in Germany has ruled that police can demand to see train passengers' ID on the basis of their skin color, supposedly to track down illegal immigrants.
 New Australian Laws Target Wikileaks New extradition law will make it easier for foreign governments to request extradition of Australians and a new spying law that broadens ASIOs reach, which has been dubbed the WikiLeaks Amendment. WHO The fight against new, antibioticresistant strains of tuberculosis has already been lost. Is Human Impact Accelerating Out of Control? The conference has already declared that the Holocene Epoch is now over and that the Anthropocene  in other words, the epoch when the impact of human activity will be clearly seen in the future in the geological record  has already begun. Japan goes off script at summit to slam North Korea Inequality The deals off  In much of Cuba it has become hard to find anyone under 40 with a good word to say for the system. The young people here have nothing to do. They are desperate,  | The Economist Study shows a 78% increase in executions worldwide. O2 forced to expose 'porn downloaders' Taiwan woman commits suicide while on Facebook Deepwater Horizon spill severely damaged deepsea corals more than 11 kilometers from the well site People seven miles away can see a gas cloud coming from the Total rig.  The gas cloud encircled Total's leaking Elgin Franklin oil and gas platform in the North Sea following failed attempts to kill the leaking well. Syrian government accepts Kofi Annan's 6point peace plan Spanish copyright monopoly lobby Promusicae files lawsuit against reputable Professor Enrique Dans for soiling their honor, and demand 20,000 in damages A secret unit within Rupert Murdoch's News Corp promoted a wave of hightech piracy, crippling competition in the Australian Pay TV market, with direct ramifications in the US and Italy. Hunt for Skilled Labor Germany Woos Portugal's Lost Generation   The crisishit nations of southern Europe have one booming industry left  their skilled workers are in high demand in Germany, which has a chronic shortage of qualified labor. More than 1 million Saudis on unemployment benefit, up by 170 percent from December.  Dutch Catholic Church Accused of Forcing Castrations  The newspaper said the castrations were regarded both as a treatment for homosexuality as well as a punishment for those who accused clergy of sexual abuse BBC News  SuperEarths 'in the billions' This Thursday Iraq is to host the Arab Summit. It's the first summit since the Arab Spring movement and the first for Iraq since Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait in 1990. WHO praises Cuba's health care system Death of a data haven cypherpunks, WikiLeaks, and the world's smallest nation  Short history of Sealand, selfproclaimed micronation on an old oilrig in the North Sea. Once a base for pirate broadcasters. Soon, perhaps, a home for Wikileaks? Tibetan man dies from selfimmolation in New Delhi Death Penalty Statistics, Country by Country  China, together with Iran, North Korea, Yemen and the US (the only G7 country to still execute people) carried out the most executions  Strong showing for the Pirate Party in German elections  The German Pirate Party has won four seats in Saarland, one of the smallest regions in Germany, described as a conservative area. Why Portugal Will Be the Next Greece Afghan women are being jailed for 'moral crimes', says report  Courts failing to protect women, many of whom are in prison for running away from home or adultery, says Human Rights Watch Verdict on UK riots people need a 'stake in society' Billions in cash smuggled out of Afghanistan every year September 11 suspect spotted in Pakistan tribal region News Corporation's Australian branch in new hacking row BBC News  Mohamed Merah Toulouse gunman's father 'to sue France' The third British Empire  London is considered the capital of capitalism allowing foreign billionaires to stash tax free income offshore Household charge rebellion clouds Irish outlook.
Failure by a majority of homeowners to pay by this weekend would mark the first act of collective defiance against austerity
 People in Europe drink more alcohol than in any other part of the world, downing the equivalent of 12.5 liters of pure alcohol a year or almost three glasses of wine a day, according to report by the World Health Organization and the European Commission. How Do You Buy Organs On The Black Market?
  


Start on the internet, of course. Focus on countries with big income inequalities. South Africa and Yemen are good options. China is rebounding. Get the transplant done in an Israeli clinic, if you can afford to fly in your donor Major changes are needed in agriculture and food consumption around the world if future generations are to be adequately fed, a major report warns. Born in the Gulag Why a North Korean Boy Sent His Own Mother to Her Death  Life inside North Korea's Camp 14 so twisted 13yearold Shin In Geun that he betrayed his mother and only brother. Indian high court grants divorce to sexstarved husband, maintaining that denial of sex by his wife amounted to mental cruelty. Colombias former president calls Americas drug war a failure We cannot be condemned to live in war because Americans do not want to talk about it. No one speaks in favor of the war on drugs. B.C.'s chief medical officer joins call to legalize pot (Canada)  U.S. soldier dies saving Afghan girl Spc. Dennis Weichel saw an MRAP bearing down on a little girl and grabbed her out of the way. But in the process, the armored truck ran him over 'You know what men are like' Indonesia to ban miniskirts over links to rape With Google Earth, India Can No Longer Hide its Shantytowns and Slumdogs Fidel Castro to Pope Benedict What does a pope do? Egyptian Court Declares Internet Porn Illegal The Politics of Shitstorms
Is the Pirate Party Its Own Worst Enemy?  
Germany's political establishment doesn't know how to react to the Pirate Party, which now has seats in two state parliaments and owns the debate on Internet issues. Canada gets rid of the penny Ireland Officially Bans Female Genital Mutillation BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China & South Africa) agree to local currency credits to ease dollar dependency Canada's First Nations communities wrecked by OxyContin addiction  An estimated 80 percent of workingage adults in some communities abuse the prescription drug US suspends food aid to North Korea Pentagon official Israel gains access to airbases in Azerbaijan directly north of Iran eliminating the need for aerial refueling for attack on Iran  Ukraine rape scandal victim Oksana Makar dies A potential fuel strike sparks panic buying in the UK. Now one police force is recommending petrol stations should be closed Japan conducts first hangings in two years Australian couple has $1 million hospital bill after baby born in B.C. Afghan women jailed for 'running away' Italians shocked by selfimmolation protests Azerbaijan denies giving Israel air base access Algeria refuses French gunman's body for burial  Yahoo! News India Murdochs News Corp accuses BBC of unfair and baseless allegations Mohamed Merah, the gunman who killed seven people including three Jewish children, may have been an informant for France's intelligence services More bad news from the stricken Fukushima nuclear site. Detected radiation levels of 70 seiverts an hour will kill a human after seven minutes of exposure. Apple Inc and its main contract manufacturing Foxconn agreed to tackle violations of conditions among the 1.2 million workers assembling iPhones and iPads in a landmark decision that could change the way Western companies do business in China. Canada set to phase out the penny An 18yearold Ukranian woman died Thursday, two weeks after her grisly rape by three young men who then tried to cover up their crime by strangling her, dumping her naked body at an abandoned construction site and setting her on fire. Police face racism scandal after black man records racial abuse (Crown Prosecution Service forced to review decision not to charge officers) While China has 350,000 millionaires and 115 billionaires, 700 million of its people live on just four dollars a day and discontent is growing. In many villages there are riots and people are on strike. If those towns all got up on the same day and rebelled China would have big problems.
 World War 3.0  


Privacy, piracy, security, sovereignty. Just some of the battle lines drawn in the war over the Internet. And part of wider questions of freedom and control. Later this year, the key UN treaty will be revised. Here's what's at stake Girl of five forced into marriage in the UK In China, Bachelor Villages, populated entirely by men, are the result of the OneChild policy 'The Norway Killer Is Not Crazy'... his beliefs and way of thinking are common, said Lippestad. He is not as unique, as paranoid or schizophrenic as the experts say.
 Hungary President Loses Doctorate  
A university in Hungary strips President Pal Schmitt of his doctorate after ruling that large parts of his thesis were plagiarised Why Germans Dont Have A Problem With Mandated Health Care Japan orders interception of North Korean rocket. MI6 spy Gareth Williams death agent could 'not have locked himself in bag'  Telegraph Where are you on the global pay scale? Adolf Hitler parents' tombstone in Austria removed Indias government orients towards privatizing/profitizing water Canada is giving up on the penny. No more to be produced, cash transactions to be rounded to the nearest 5cent increment. Japan will intercept N Korean rocket if necessary Iran is helping its ally Syria defy Western sanctions by providing a vessel to ship Syrian oil to a staterun company in China, potentially giving the government of President Bashar alAssad a financial boost worth an estimated $80 million Vatican Leaks Raise Questions Over Finances An archbishop who complained of corruption was sent to the U.S., and the Vatican is carrying out a rare criminal investigation to see who leaked documents purporting financial misdeeds. Behind the facade of Dubai New York Times Japan Nuclear Plant May Be Worse Off Than Thought. Both Tepco and the government were accused of playing down the dangers posed by the meltdowns at the plant.  South Korean officials say North Korea testfired 2 shortrange missiles Ireland to ban cheese adverts during children's TV schedules because it is high in fat Depleted Uranium Iraq congenital birth defect survey to begin in April The 1,000yearold warning. How a message was passed down from people 1,000 years ago that saved lives in Miyatojima, Japan. (Xpost from r/Japan) Wife Bin Laden Hid in Pakistan, Not Caves, for Decade Norway  one of the Last functioning welfare states, where employers lobby for longer parental leave for fathers, and parties win elections by promising not to cut taxes  and oil has little to do with it Canadian Budget Hits Basic Science  It slashes spending on the environment & pushes collaboration between basic researchers &  industry.  This is disastrous.  The government has no understanding of how scientific advancement is made.  Iran and 6 world powers agree to meet on April 13 for latest talks about Iran's nuclear program To Keep Protesters Away, Egypt's Police Put Up Walls   Street artists then painted this wall it Official figures show that EU countries sold Greece over 1 billion of arms at the same time as negotiating its first bailout back in 2010. EDL summit in Denmark humiliated by low attendance Australia now on the list of countries wanting Israel not to strike Iran Fentanyl Causing Overdose Boom in Estonia  A synthetic form of heroin produced in clandestine laboratories across the border in Russia,  it's almost completely replaced heroin on the Estonian market & can be hundreds of times more potent.  Spain's New Budget As Austere as it Gets  It's an unprecedented austerity budget to avoid EU bailout & everybody living in Spain will be affected. An Afghan policeman killed nine of his fellow officers as they lay sleeping. Special relationship? U.S. threatens Britain with 6bn trade sanctions as legal battle over aircraft subsidies comes to a head A girl aged five and an 87yearold woman were among almost 1,500 forced marriage victims helped by the Forced Marriage Unit in 2011, new figures reveal. Websites shut down for spreading coup rumours (China) ExSoviet KGB foreign intelligence chief Leonid Shebarshin was found dead in his Moscow apartment on Friday in an apparent suicide, Russian investigators said. Cruise ship carrying 1,001 people is adrift south of the Philippines after a fire disabled its engines [The Guardian] The number of people living alone has skyrocketed. The rise and rise of solo living. Support from Israel Lobby for Mulcair NDP leadership bid raises serious concerns. Israel Lobby recognizes that Mulcair would be an ardent supporter of Israel in all situations and in all circumstances France's future A country in denial  By ignoring their countrys economic problems, Frances politicians are making it far harder to tackle them | The Economist Spanish Soccer Team Real Madrid Removes Cross From Logo So It Wont Offend Islamic UAE After Entering Resort Agreement HERMOSILLO, Mexico (AP)  Eight people have been arrested for allegedly killing two 10yearold boys and a 55yearold woman in ritual sacrifices by the cult of La Santa Muerte, or Saint Death, prosecutors in northern Mexico said Friday Foreign Fighters Join Syrian Rebels Jihadists Declare Holy War Against Assad Regime  Many volunteer fighters are veterans of the Iraq war, who have now brought their holy war to Syria.  Pollution threatens South America's Lake Titicaca  Growing urbanization is threatening Lake Titicaca along the BolivaPeru border, and endangering those who depend on it for agriculture and drinking water. More rain forecast as deadly floods hit Fiji Myanmar democracy icon and Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi has been elected to the country's parliament in landmark elections Romania's hospital scandal Babies left to die as doctors refuse to work without bribes Britain to Monitor Citizens Text Messages & emails  Internet companies would be instructed to install hardware to allow the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) to go through on demand every text message & email sent, websites accessed & phone calls made in real time Planning a trip to Canada or the Caribbean? One million British travellers planning to fly to Canada, the Caribbean and Mexico this year face the risk of being turned away at the airport  at the insistence of the US DHS CIA Secret Prison Polish Leaders Break Silence About Black Site Rupert Murdochlinked pirate website targeted rivals, online file shows

Internet forums gave advice on how to hack into ITVDigital and cable television companies.
 Child witnesses to Afghan massacre say Robert Bales was not alone Colombia Bill Would Decriminalize Drug Plant Cultivation Chinese grad student hacks Indian Military research firms Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi wins byelection NLD party New strain of HIV linked to Saskatchewan deaths China is shuttering more than a dozen websites, penalizing two popular social media sites and detaining six people for circulating rumors of a coup that rattled Beijing in the midst of its worst highlevel political crisis in years. European antiIslamic rally in Denmark flops Gathering attracts less than 200 supporters as thousands of counter demonstrators clash with attendees and police. Opposition claims Myanmar's Aung San Suu Kyi wins a parliamentary seat in a landmark election, setting the stage for her to take public office for the first time. Falklands, Thirty Years On  

British were right to fight, but wrong not to make some compromise with newly democratic Argentina in the years that followed Malian rebels 'capture Timbuktu'  Africa  Al Jazeera English Why an easy exit from the euro is impossible. Youd think switching from the euro to a new currency could be simple. Think again.   Telegraph Ukrainian police shut down forum for malware writers Report reveals earlier problems at North Sea gas site  A report by a drilling manager published last year describes how difficult it is to pump gas from the deep Elgin field. It even explains exactly how drilling operations can damage the wells in ways that may have led to this week's leak. Putin announces competition to find Russia's best workers Britain's police are at war with the people Cyprus to Give EU Journalists Free Bank Accounts The incoming presidency giving journalists the offshore accounts to defend the island's reputation as a tax haven  Labour 'failed to connect with Asians in Bradford'  The party failed to win over young Asian voters or Muslim women.  The  opposing party attracted many Asian voters because of its opposition to the Iraq war & call for troops immediate withdrawal from Afghanistan. Libyan tribal clashes kill at least 147 people India is darling of global defense firms  India's military spending plan has arms merchants jockeying for a deal. Their only obstacles are political infighting, corruption and bureaucracy. ACTA Could be Passed in 10 Weeks; Take Action Before Its Too Late Tunisia rejects shariah in new constitution UK teachers no longer teaching, just 'training' kids to pass exams.. (with a little help) North Korea rocket test will cost $850m USD, equivalent of feeding 19 million people for 1 year  Yonhap News Tibetan immolations, largely unnoticed, among historys biggest waves of suicidebyfire. The stunning protests are going largely unnoticed in the wider world  due in part to a smothering Chinese security crackdown in the region that prevents journalists from covering them.

 How Canada's Green Credentials Fell Apart  
Canada once enjoyed a deserved reputation for scientific & environmental leadership. Those days are long gone Ikea to design 11hectare neighbourhood. We are in keeping with the Ikea philosophy We dont want to produce for the rich or the superrich; we want to produce for the families, for the people Executive pay soars as bosses set each others' awards Tobacco executive admits involvement in destruction of research documents ... at least 60 documents including some research that showed the company was aware smoking could cause cancer and other health problems New UK powers to record every phone call and email makes surveillance '60m times worse' Pakistan jails bin Laden's family for illegal stay BBC News  Backlash over email and web monitoring plan The government wants to let police and intelligence agencies monitor what numbers people phone, when, and for how long, and whom they email Australia will target US workers  Dozens of Tibetans have set themselves on fire over the past year to protest Chinese rule, sometimes drinking kerosene to make the flames explode from within, in one of the biggest waves of political selfimmolations in recent history. Euro unemployment spikes to record 10.8% Hungary President Schmitt quits in plagiarism scandal Stephen Fry lends support to Greek calls to return Elgin marbles to Athens Democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi declared a 'new era' for Burma Monday, after her party claimed a landslide victory in Sunday's parliamentary byelections Swiss Arrest Warrants Fuel Tax Row With Germany  German opposition politicians are threatening to block a deal with Switzerland to tackle tax dodgers after the Swiss issued arrest warrants for 3 German tax officials Swedish workers party hard during lunch breaks Chinas Bloody Factories  A Problem Bigger than Foxconn In Rich Europe, Growing Ranks of Working Poor   Never anywhere in the world do you hear anyone talking about the French dream, he added, pausing to look at the row of campers. There is no such dream in France. UK 'considers' internet surveillance network Japanese experts warn of earthquakes that could produce 34metre tsunamis 
Report following disaster last March finds waves pose bigger threat than previously thought and could inundate Pacific coast
