 Body of carrier pigeon carrying a WWII coded message  in a telltale red capsule on its leg was found in an English house chimney  Gen. Montgomery's headquarters were in a  nearby hotel. British code breakers are working on the message. Pussy Riot should not be in jail, says Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev  A German who volunteered to fight for the Taliban quit after becoming disheartened by the violence and annoyed with the group's macho and drugtaking world. HSBC Bank Caught in New Drug Money Laundering Scandal Sixyearold girl stabbed to death for being noisy in class in India The Saudis are bulldozing Islam's heritage In Mecca, the house of one of Mohammeds wives has been demolished to make space for public lavatories. His birthplace may disappear, too, as part of King Abdullahs scheme to complement the skyscrapers and shopping malls with a Grand Mosque... Australia's oldest most prestigious Catholic college house in state of anarchy, like 90's college movies but somewhat terrifying India Food Scam  Private Companies Eat Up Program Meant to Provide Food to Poor Children & Their Mothers  Corporatecontractor lobby hijacked  govt's flagship program,  forming shell agencies to bid for contracts on the pretext of being women's organizations. 
 Rupert Murdoch, a tottering, cowardly supplicant and a prime candidate for criminal prosecution  Acapulco mayor plans to fire 500 police officers because they failed tests used to identify corrupt officers Pakistan acid honour killing Parents arrested after 15yearold girl dies UK man sentenced for shouting at UK prime minister David Cameron. A fish fight is brewing in Canada as an eagerly anticipated report on the fate of sockeye salmon blames the federal govt for weakening environmental laws meant to protect the fishes' habitat  Govt employees are confused by their dual mandate to protect wild fish while also promoting fishfarming. Swiss Environmentalists Submit Bill Aimed at Halting Immigration  The group, which claims to be opposed to all forms of xenophobia & racism, insists Switzerland must limit immigration to avoid urbanisation & to preserve its agricultural land & breathtaking nature. Australia closes doors to N Korean refugees   Greece is governed by a corrupt clique, says Kostas Vaxevanis Underage Teens put in Solitary Confinement for upwards of 5 months in Victorian adult jail system  Australia Bananas could replace potatoes in warming world  Climate change could lead to crops from the banana family becoming a critical food source for millions of people, a new report says. BBC News  North Korea Ryugyong 'Hotel of Doom' may open next year China flexes military muscle with J31 stealth jet  The Times of India Germany's Merck halts supply of cancer drug to Greek hospitals An Inside Look at World War II's Bloodiest Battle Aftermath Of Hurricane Sandy Leaves Haiti Facing New Disaster While The World's Attention Has Focused On The US, The Suffering And Consequences For The Caribbean Nation Are Far Greater Kill 60 Rats, Get A Cellphone From South African Charity Russian PM argues for Pussy Riot members release The British have invaded nine out of ten countries  Masks banned in Canadian riots, just in time for Anonymous day of action Canada's House of Commons approved Bill C309 that bans people from hiding their faces at all during riots Pakistani Taliban target female students with acid attack. It's the latest cruel tactic in the Pakistani Taliban's battle to stop girls and women from getting an education UK millionaire admits plot to sell missile parts to Iran after US sting operation Kurdish prisoners in Tureky have been on Hunger Strike for over 50 days now. Some are nearing death. China formally expels disgraced politician Bo Xilai from party, paving way for his criminal prosecution  He's accused of corruption & of bending the law to hush up his wife's murder of a British businessman. He's yet to be formally charged.  HSBC makes almost 100million from bankrolling Malaysian rainforest destruction, watchdog claims Foreigners  so the adage goes  are coming over here and stealing our jobs. Now it seems they are coming over here and stealing our immigrants. Canada is courting Polish migrants living in Britain in an attempt to persuade them to abandon our shores in favour of a new life in Canada. Iran suspends uranium enrichment Berlin is enjoying a cycling boom, with miles of new cycle paths and more than half a million bike journeys made every day  but controverisally, a helmet is rarely seen. Syrian Rebels Seize Their 1st Oilfield  
The opposition movement has taken over one of the country's major oilfields.  Rebels, who face the superior firepower of regime forces, also seized a tank, armoured vehicles & ammunition. Inside Israel's nuclear wargames  Israeli military leaders have conducted a war game simulating a strike on Iranian nuclear facilities, five days after the US Presidential elections. They concluded such an operation could be pulled off without plunging the whole region into war.  Bahrain Goes From Bad to Worse On Tuesday, the government took the remarkable step of declaring a ban on all public rallies and demonstrations 10 More Shooting Deaths  in Brazil's Sao Paulo Metropolitan Area in Past 24 Hours in  Worsening Wave of Violence Targeting  Military Police   The violence is linked to an undeclared war between  military police &  prison drugtrafficking gang, PCC (1st Command of the Capital). Seven years after the riots, the suburbs of Paris still simmer with resentment 'A skeleton dug up in a car park has triggered a tugofwar between two English cities, with the royals, the govt and the Church involved  because the bones are thought to be those of King Richard III.' Japan refuses to register trans man as father on birth certificate Iran Sanctions Take Unexpected Toll on Medical Imports The Continuing Nightmare of Poland's 2010 Smolensk Plane Crash  The disaster, which killed the country's former president and his entourage, is still a source of major political tension.  Wrong body buried. China, Russia Block Plan to Protect Antarctic Waters  Proposals to establish marine reserves in 2 critical areas stymied by Russia, China & Ukraine at  international summit in Australia. Commercial fishing restrictions in the proposed sanctuaries were the sticking point. Syrian Army Headquarters Bombed; Rebels Seize Oilfield Zetas cartel occupies Mexico state of Coahuila  The aggressively expanding and gruesomely violent Zetas group dominates territory by controlling all aspects of local criminal businesses. Chinese factory giant employed underage interns on assembly line  Youths Executed in Nigerian City   Dozens of young men have been shot  by the military.  An imam says  11 youths from his street alone were killed, including 4 of his sons.  The killings happened as Amnesty International accused  security forces of abuses in its crackdown on Islamist militants. France to oppose those creating instability in Lebanon Hollande
| Top News
| Reuters The girl was 16. She was raped by men from a higher caste, and her father committed suicide from the shame. The reaction of her community? To call for a change in the age of consent Methane warning in New Zealand mine was ignored 21 times before the 2010 explosion that killed 29 workers Germany is leading a growing European movement to let newspaper publishers charge internet search engines for displaying links to their articles  a move marketleader Google warns could cause an internet news blackout. HSBC fears U.S. money laundering fines to top $1.5 billion Tortured to death by Putin's jackboot state Inside the ratinfested Gestapolike Russian prison where eight guards beat lawyer who exposed Moscow's gangster regime Pakistani couple arrested over acid attack on daughter Pakistani Taliban target female students with acid to their faces in hopes to deter them from education High quality Afghan saffron is repackaged as Iranian product, causing the price of the spice to plummet, causing farmers to switch to poppy harvesting to make ends meet Despite billions of dollars spent, Japan's American made missile defenses were unable to track N. Korea's April missile launch  that crashed into the ocean.  Syrian army shells Damascus Palestinian camp, killing at least 20 Mexican officials capture key lieutenant of Sinaloa drug cartel South Korea has shut down two nuclear reactors after it was revealed that some parts used had not been properly vetted, an official says. A new policy in India people will 'shout, beat drums or blow a whistle' if they see anyone urinating or defecating in the open. Palestinian leader violates taboo on refugees. The Palestinian president has set off a strident debate by shattering a onceinviolable taboo, publicly suggesting his people would have to relinquish claims to ancestral homes in Israel. South Korea Hopes Gangnam Style will Boost nation's economy China Diabetes Triples Creating $3.2 Billion Drug Market 3 Japanese Tourists Die on Great Wall of China  They were trapped in sudden heavy snowstorms overnight.  Unusually early storms caused Beijing to issue its 2ndhighest blizzard alert.  In 24 hrs,  5.8 cm (2.3 ins) of rain & snow fell, trapping 100s of cars.
 Gunfire heard near Turkish PM's office  Children 'with no state' in UK France's governing Socialist Party hit back hard at the Roman Catholic Church on Sunday for campaigning against its plan to legalize samesex marriage, heralding a bruising debate over the issue. Evidently, Israel Already Tried to Attack Iran Sir David Attenborough picks 10 animals he would take on his ark Chinese Patrol Boats Relentlessly Harass Japanese Coast Guard Many Times a Week in Island Dispute  Chinese ships push within hailing distance of Japan's & flash signs claiming the islands. China says it's chased them away at least once, but Japan denies it.  Kuwaiti security forces fired tear gas to disperse an unauthorized demonstration on Sunday by thousands of opposition supporters against new voting rules for parliamentary elections on December 1. Russian minister No need for U.N. resolution to end violence in Syria Harassers of women in Cairo now face wrath of vigilantes. 'More and more groups are emerging to make protecting women  and shaming the donothing police  a cause' Skype illegally distributed a user's personal information to a private company during a Dutch police investigation into Anonymoussanctioned cyberattacks on PayPal The world's rarest whale, known until 
now just by three partial skulls,  seen 
for first time Israel has announced plans to press ahead with construction of 1,213 homes on annexed West Bank land, defying international opposition to its settlement policies Malawi suspends laws against homosexual relationships Scots Farmers to Reap Solar Power Harvest  News of bringing solar power to Scotland on a large scale comes days after the govt announced new target to meet 1/2 Scotlands electricity needs from renewable sources by 2015. Its aim is to become 100% renewable by 2020.

 Murdered Briton Neil Heywood was MI6 informant  The British businessman murdered in China, regularly provided information on Bo Xilai, the powerful politician, to MI6 before he was killed.  Russian attack sub detected near U.S. East Coast Chinese court sentences drug gang to death Montreal mayor, Gerald Tremblay resigns amid corruption allegations Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, is spending the equivalent of $23.5 Million taxpayer's money to build himself a homestead complete with an underground bunker. Britain's highest earners pocket twenty times more tax relief on pension contributions than ordinary workers  North Korea Threatens War at UN Assembly, Withdraws from NPT Moscow pledges to stop arms shipments to Syria  Indian Officer builds 100km long road to connect an inaccessible village without government help..   Ed Miliband has unveiled plans to deliver a living wage of at least 7.45 per hour for millions of people, if Labour wins the next election. Boeing to clinch $2.4 billion Indian Air Force deal over Russian Mi26 UK and Germany agree tax crackdown on multinational companies Global Domination? Whoa, Canada! [T]here is a new and unfamiliar wind blowing in the Northone of national ambition and passionate, even aggressive, patriotism. Its proponents seek to transform Canada from the polite and accommodating country...into a major, muscular force on the world stage. Canada's legal hemp industry growing Greek workers stage mass antiausterity walkout A Dying Model Chinese Capitalism Chinas economic growth has been based on the intense exploitation of a large cheap labor force, unusually high investment rates, and exports to western markets.  Egyptian Vigilantes Crack Down on Abuse of Women  NYTimes.com Report says Syrian generals defect to Turkey Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Defence Minister Anatoly Serdyukov on Tuesday after the ministry was drawn in to an investigation into allegations of fraudulent sales of military assets. Poll Israel viewed negatively around the world,  BBC survey measures public opinion on 22 countries, places Israel in company of North Korea, ahead of only Iran, Pakistan.
 Korean Christians and Protestants continue vandalism acts on Buddhist Temples Canada's legal hemp industry growing  Business  CBC News French gay marriage and adoption bill backed by cabinet. Outrageous plan for $264 billion megacity in Korea Story about explosives in Polish plane crash that 
killed president false; editor dismissed Israel to counter Palestinian attempt at UN  If the Palestinians go to the UN General Assembly with a new unilateral initiative, they must know they will be subject to severe measures by Israel and the United States, the station quoted Lieberman as saying on October 24. Chinas Communist Party Congratulates Obama on Victory  South African police have been accused of planting weapons near the bodies of workers killed during strikes at the Marikana platinum mine. Photographs taken by police suggested large knives had been placed near the bodies after they had been shot, a lawyer told an inquest into the deaths. Unable to copy it, China tries building own jet engine
| Reuters Chinese author tells of his Tibetan wife being ejected from Beijing, and himself threatened to leave his 90 year old grandmother behind, ahead of the 18th People's Congress, and how things would get uncomfortable for him if he chose to stay.  He has stayed. The reelection of Barack Obama may open an opportunity for new negotiations with Iran on its nuclear program as sanctions pile economic pressure on its theocratic leaders.
 Girls in care homes 'gangraped'  Mirror Online Turkey conducts ground raid against Kurd militants in Northern Iraq. BBC News  Microsoft ditches Windows Live Messenger for Skype Canada tightens its borders after Tuesday, November 6th to prevent illegal migration from the US. Pakistan parents killed daughter with acid for eyeing boy  World  CBC News Bahraini authorities have revoked the citizenship of 31 Shia activists, among them two former members of parliament, for having undermined state security, state news agency BNA reported Wednesday. China's outgoing leader and his likely successor are pushing the ruling Communist Party to adopt a more democratic process this month for choosing a new leadership, sources said, in an attempt to boost its flagging legitimacy in the eyes of the public. Russia's largest bank will offer the 100 best customers of its Kazakhstani branch a solid gold credit card encrusted with 26 diamonds, although they will have to carry an ordinary plastic card to use in cash machines. The card itself will cost $65,000 India and Canada finalise conditions of nuclear deal  Britain condemns Israel's new construction plans beyond the Green Line Mumbais Historic Haji Ali Bans Women From Most Sacred Area South Korea widened a probe into how thousands of parts for its nuclear reactors were supplied using forged safety documents, with regulators set to inspect all 23 of the country's facilities  a move that could test public support for the industry and threaten billions of dollars worth of exports Sandy UN to send emergency food aid to stormhit Cuba  Ancient Buddhist city of Mes Aynak will be destroyed,  turned into an open pit copper mine 7.4 Earthquake in Guatemala Athens ablaze as protesters try to storm parliament | World news | The Guardian South Korean activists float condoms into N.Korea New player in Earth 2.0 hunt seven times Earth size, 42 light years away, orbit within habitable zone. The Australian government has finally backed down on its plan for a controversial mandatory internet filter. Taliban commander I was relieved at the death of Osama Global warming in the next few years could place all of the disputed islands in the South China Sea under water, ending the possibility of a major war in Asia.  Despite 'The Cove' documentary winning an Oscar and raised public awareness, the inhuman slaughter of dolphins and pilot continues in Taiji, Japan. Egypt Moves to Ban Online Pornography South Koreas secret Runaway teen prostitution BBC tells star science presenter Brian Cox that impromptu extraterrestrial contact would break health and safety guidelines, stops him using Jodrell Bank to listen to possible candidate for alien life on live stargazing programme. Zimbabwe's tobacco growers angry at the WHO's antismoking stance. The tobacco crop makes up 26% of the country's foreign revenue. Tobacco one of the only viable cash crops for the country, as the country faces a food deficit. 4 Tibetans burn themselves as Chinese leaders' meet  Archaeologists Explore War Torn SyriaTurkey Border Site for 1st Time in 90 Yrs, Building on Work of Lawrence of Arabia, When Slabs Carved With Soldiers, Chariots, Animals & Kings Were Found, Along With Ruins of Palaces & Temples New Leaders Face China's Wealth Divide  As China's fortunes rise, more  wealth is going into fewer hands. China's top 10% of households surveyed have 57% of the country's total income & 85% of total assets. Inequality is no longer just a social issue.  Dalai Lama's Message to President Obama Syrian mortar shells land across Israeli border Forced labor in India Slavery in all but name  Egypt's prosecutorgeneral orders ban on porn websites Suspected French jihadist arrested in Mali. Prosecutors in France are investigating a French man suspected of entering Mali illegally to set up a jihadist cell in the country, where Paris believes there is a risk of militants planning an attack on French soil. Archaeologists find mammoth skeleton outside Paris Herd Of Drunken Elephants Ransack Indian Village After Drinking Purloined Liquor  Israel begins construction of 1,200 settler homes Warning to Palestinians to rethink plan to ask UN to recognize independent state of Palestine 7.4 earthquake kills at least 39 in Guatemala Cipla, the Indian drug company that cut prices of cancer drugs earlier this year, slashes prices of three more cancer drugs by 63%... Five Muslim extremists attacked a gay club in Paris beating the bouncers and spraying some attendants, including the vice president of IDAHO, with tear gas UK campaigners call for Nobel Prize for shot Pakistani girl. Tens of thousands of Britons called on the government on Friday to nominate Malala Yousufzai, a Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban for advocating girls' education, for the Nobel Peace Prize.
| Reuters Chavez to Obama forget global wars, fix domestic woes. The U.S. government's chief antagonist in Latin America, Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, has advised newly reelected U.S. President Barack Obama to avoid further entanglement in international conflicts and concentrate on fixing internal problems. Viagra patent tossed out by Supreme Court. Canada's top court has ruled that Pfizer's patent on its groundbreaking erectile dysfunction drug Viagra is void. How to Rob Africa
Why does the Western world feed Africa with one hand while looking the other way when billions in dirty money from corruption is channeled into bank accounts in Europe and the US. FIRST ON CNN  Iranian jets fire on U.S. drone  CNN Security Clearance  CNN.com Blogs Forget batteries scientists major breakthrough on how to best produce hydrogen for clean and renewable energy. North Korea has over 1 million cell phone users. People receive daily texts from government propaganda, are not allowed to make outside calls to other nations, and can only call users part of North Korea's network.  A mafia war is brewing in Montreal. A graft probe that cost the mayor his job and a string of killings in Quebecs biggest city are exposing deep mob connections. 2,400 yearold Thracian gold hoard found in Bulgaria. Beautiful and priceless artifacts... Iran fired on US drone Venezuela repays nearly half of $36 bln in Chinese loans Iran accused of torturing blogger to death 
Sattar Beheshti's family told of his death in prison a week after he was arrested for criticising Iran on Facebook Australia comes to its senses, abandons Internet filtering regime Anders Behring Breivik's prison conditions 'inhumane'. Assad There is no civil war in Syria. Syria's president insists there is no civil war in his country  rather, a new kind of battle he calls terrorism through proxies. Pakistani girl, 9, awarded as 'compensation' in dispute  Nearly half of Britons would vote in a referendum to leave the European Union and less than a third to stay in, according to a poll highlighting divisions facing Prime Minister David Cameron. 'Fake' Wine Hoard Found in China  Police find 10,000 bottles labelled 'Chateau Lafite Rothschild', one of the world's most expensive wines, in a deserted house.  The owner of the house was surprised by the find. 70% of Chateau Lafite sold in China are fakes. Iran's Ahmadinejad says anyone stockpiling atom bombs retarded
| Reuters Obama victory infuriates Pakistani drone victims Kyoto protocol Australia signs up to second phase Mass protest fills downtown Buenos Aires The Palestinian Authority circulated a draft resolution to U.N. member states on Wednesday that calls for upgrading its U.N. status to that of an observer state despite U.S. and Israeli suggestions that the Palestinians could face retaliatory moves. Raped police officer offered cash to quit  A female police officer who was sexually assaulted by a male colleague has spent nearly three years being sidelined from her job  and says she is now being offered a few months salary to quit. Former Australian priest comes forward on child abuse coverups in Catholic Church, I became aware that some of the other priests were actually paedophiles and were not necessarily becoming priests because they wanted to help people, but because they were paedophiles who wanted the opportunity. In Singapore the government prohibits financial vulnerable individuals from entering casinos, with about 43,000 Singaporeans reportedly falling in this category. The Mexican government on Friday charged 14 federal police officers with trying to kill two CIA agents and a Mexican marine during an August ambush of an armored U.S. Embassy vehicle. The offduty officers, in private vehicles, attacked the agents' marked SUV with AK47 assault rifles  UN warns of worsening crisis as at least 8,000 Syrians fled into Turkey over the last 24 hours alone China plans to spend 600 billion yuan ($96 billion) building railway infrastructure next year, with 60 percent of the investment going to highspeed projects, a senior executive from China's leading rail and highway builder said. Iraq cancels $4.2bn Russian arms deal over 'corruption' Australia to open $12.2 million Super Brothel. One of the biggest brothels in the world.  Families of three million of Pakistan's poorest children will get cash sums if their child attends school, in a scheme announced ahead of a day of action for a schoolgirl shot by the Taliban. Thousands protest in Spain after 53 year old facing eviction jumps to her death. As Turkey Rises, 'A Real Problem' With Censorship  Turkey is disputing a new report that names it as the world's leading jailer of journalists, with scores behind bars  ahead of Iran, China and other authoritarian states. Anglo American Platinum fired 12,967 striking South African miners  The police fired rubber bullets at striking miners  Citizen drone camera captures Argentina's #8N protests as citizens take creative measures to film antigovernment protests in Buenos Aires. More than 5,000 child brides in Saudi Arabia | GulfNews.com Pakistan marks Malala Day, poor children to get cash for school. The families of more than 3 million poor children in Pakistan will receive cash stipends if their children go to school, the government said as officials prepared Malala Day on Saturday in support of the girl shot by the Taliban.  Five Tibetans set themselves on fire in protest at Chinese rule Campaign groups report selfimmolations a day before Communist party congress opens in Beijing
 NGO dropped 20 Motorola tablets, preloaded with mostly literacy apps in an Ethiopian village with no instructions. In 4 minutes, one boy had found the on/off switch, and he then taught the others. In a few days, they were each using about 50 apps each. Iran reconstructs Armenian Church damaged after earthquake Britain will stop giving financial aid to India by 2015, government said on Friday, marking a shift in ties between the onetime imperial power and its fastgrowing former colony. The move follows anger at handouts to an economy which is Asia's third largest and has a space program Iran confirms firing at U.S. drone over Persian Gulf 27 killed in Sri Lanka prison riot  Australia Network News  Egypt's Muslim 'Sisters' rise with conservative vision. Women's rights have sprung to the forefront of the debate in Egypt as members of an Islamistdominated assembly wrestle over the writing of a new constitution for the country.  South African court sentences rhino horn smuggler to 40 years Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is still giving thousands of euros a month to aspiring showgirls who attended his colourful parties, a Milan court heard on Friday. Weakened by a sex scandal and graft and tax fraud allegations, he was forced to resign a year ago. Iraq denies cancelling $4.2 bln arms deal with Russia over 'corruption concerns'. Iraqi Prime Minister's spokesperson Ali Mussawi told RT that the deal hasn't been cancelled, it is simply under review. He also confirmed it was because of earlier allegations of corruption from the Iraqi side.  Vatican vows to fight gay marriage after gains in U.S., Europe 84 year old Australian man fights off two armed intruders, stabs one (with the broken blade of his own knife) hits the other with a pole and chases both out of his house. A documentary maker has inspired  young people to take part in an oral history project to collect peasants' stories of the Great Famine in the late 1950s and early 1960s. An estimated 36 million people died during the famine, which the Chinese government blamed on natural disasters. A herd of elephants find 500 litres of moonshine and go on a drunken rampage in India.
 Only two fifths of Italians say affairs are completely unacceptable. One quarter of Spaniards do not regard sexual fidelity as important. The majority of the French  two thirds of men and half of women  believe that sexual attraction inevitably leads to intimacy Palestinians 12 EU nations to support our UN bid In Xinjiang (western China) people are not allowed to go to their place of worship, unable to speak their native language, are turned down for jobs based on their race, all in an effort to assimilate local culture.  BBC News  Burma rocked by strong earthquake, casualties reported Spain's conservative prime minister and the leader of the opposition aim to agree measures on Monday to stop banks evicting homeowners after a woman's suicide before her property was repossessed caused public outrage. Israel fires warning shots 'after Syria mortar strike' BBC Boss quits David Cameron to consider forcing Internet Service Providers into 'optout' porn block What will four more years of Barack Obama mean for Africa? Obama Remains Very Popular in Africa Despite Barely any Engagement with the Continent Compared to President Bush Brother of French gunman denounces his family Abdelghani Merah, the brother of Mohamed Merah, who killed seven people in Toulouse, France, says they were raised with hatred, antiSemitism and violence. 'Mahmoud' can't get table at an Israeli eatery, but 'Tamir' can  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper India's history has been pushed back by more than 2000 yrs, making it older than Egypt & Babylon   Latest research dates  origin of Indus Valley Civilization at 6,000 yrs before Christ, contesting current theory that  settlements began around 3750 BC. Sweden to ban baby photos in baby formula to encourage breastfeeding Apartheid, by any other name If you are still confused about Benghazi, a layman's guide Turns Out Mummified  Iceman, tzi, was Central European Native, Not a 1stGeneration Emigr from Sardinia   In  the world's oldest cold case, Otzi was pierced by an arrow & bled to death on a glacier in the Alps between Austria & Italy over 5,000 yrs ago. Magnitude6.6 earthquake strikes northern Burma Argentina faces tough choices after U.S. debt ruling Many Chinese Intellectuals Are Silent Amid a Wave of Tibetan SelfImmolations Argentina protests up to half a million rally against Fernndez de Kirchner| The Guardian South Africa loses faith with the ANC. Poor blacks are disillusioned with the party that ended apartheid 18 years ago, promising a better life for all Arm raised in a Nazistyle salute, the leader of Greece's fastestrising political party surveyed hundreds of young men in black Tshirts as they exploded into cheers. Their battle cry reverberated through the night Blood! Honour! Golden Dawn!  Prominent Saudi preacher tortures fiveyearold daughter to death India Illiterate fruit vendor built a primary and high school from his savings for the village children, now planning a preuniversity college. Saudi Arabia to be overtaken by United
States in oil output. In Pictures Venice hit by floods  More than 70% of Venice has flooded after the city was hit by high tides, a strong southerly wind and heavy rain An SAS soldier has been jailed for possessing a war trophy pistol presented to him by the Iraqi Army for outstanding service. United Nations wants control of web kill switch Rhino Butchers Caught on Film   Video is a trail of evidence from S Africa to SE Asia against poaching syndicate that got away.  A rhino dozing under a tree is shot.  Making a desperate sound, it thrashes wildly, trying to stand. It takes 5 shots before it falls, alive, kicking.  


 Malala's journey from near death to recovery  A month after being shot by the Taliban, it is nothing short of a miracle that teen blogger Malala Yousufzai is alive and smiling  and even more astounding that she suffered no major brain damage IEA Report US projected to become biggest oil producer and energy independent by 2020 Australian Government to launch Royal Commission into child sex abuse by the Catholic Church Uganda will pass antigay law, calling it 'Christmas gift' to the people of Uganda Racist attacks on rise and growing more violent on the streets of Athens Israel reports 'direct hits' on targets in Syria, after responding to stray mortar fire Australia  More than 70 per cent of the Brothers from the St John of God order are suspected child abusers. Claims were also made that two boys had allegedly been beaten so badly they were thought to have died but their deaths had not been reported to authorities. Harper Among Least Trusted Leaders, Poll Shows  The Globe And Mail  Muslim extremists in Egypt plot the destruction of the sphynx and pyramids. Russian police have arrested six members of a banned Islamic group on suspicion of recruiting followers in Moscow mosques and possessing weapons, the Interior Ministry said on Monday. Thailand's government recently attempted to manipulate the price of rice to help farmers. Now, the Rice is rotting in storage and the Government is accumulating massive debt. An 80yearold Catholic priest in Perth, Australia, bit off an 81yearold priest's ear and socked him in the face for not giving up his parking spot. Iran warns US against airspace violation  Intruder breaks in and steals Tower of London keys Australian in Bulgarian prison for murder after running to the aid of two gypsies being gang bashed says he is being held ransom by Bulgarian government. Kent man arrested after picture of burning poppy posted on internet  Police say that the man from Aylesham had been arrested on suspicion of 'malicious telecommunications' Troops could be headed to Mali to fight Islamist extremists With more than 50,000 supporters, The uprising of women in the Arab world facebook group is being blocked by Facebook, over a picture of a woman not wearing a veil. Egyptian migrant turns up for work in Greece, tortured for 18 hours Australian Judge rules that you can tell cops to Fuck off Antivirus pioneer John McAfee wanted for murder On streets of Athens, racist attacks increase 42 Kenyan police officers killed in an ambush by cattle rustlers. SPECIAL REPORT  Witnesses tell of organized killings of Myanmar Muslims B.C. marijuana activist wins $25 million Erb will now put his money where his mouth is, using some of his winnings for the legalization, decriminalization of marijuana.

 'Priests believe child abuse forgivable'  Beijing fears sparking its own French revolution Dutch teenagers receive the maximum (2 years juvenile detention) sentence for inciting contract killing of a 15 year old girl, what has become known as the Facebook murder The Palestinian leadership has decided to defy a personal plea from President Barack Obama and go ahead with a bid for elevated status at the United Nations General Assembly. The European Union has announced that it is suspending $25million in aid for Afghanistan, warning that aid will be increasingly conditional on the government sticking to agreed reforms. The Expendables  the French Foreign Legion haunted men from everywhere, fighting anywhere, dying for causes not their own. At least $2 billion of diamonds from Zimbabwe's Marange fields have been stolen by people linked to President Robert Mugabe's party, a diamond watchdog has said, although the state mining firm said the gems were sold transparently.
 British Special Forces training rebels to assassinate Syrian president Fighting grows along Syria's borders, threatening to spread war FSA examines whistleblower's claims of 'Liborlike' manipulation in gas prices Have Syria's fractious rebels finally united? Canadian 60yearold former candidate for the B.C. Marijuana Party wins $25 million. Will donate most of it to soup kitchens, food banks, shelters.
  Spain's banking association announced on Monday it would freeze eviction orders for the next two years in cases of extreme hardship, following widespread alarm and protests after a woman killed herself on Friday Extremist calls for destruction of Egyptian antiquities  (CNN.com) Morgan AlGohary, a jihadi sheikhdeclared that if he and his ilk ever came to power, they would not hesitate to destroy the Sphinx and the pyramids. Hong Kong to cut Iranian ships from register 'Hong Kong will stop allowing 19 ships linked to the Islamic Republic of Iran Shipping Lines (IRISL) from operating under its flag, a government letter showed, in the latest blow to Tehran's sanctionshit global trade'
 Internet freedoms put in stranglehold in UAE  RT Viagra maker Pfizer pays virtually no corporation tax in UK despite 1.8bn turnover Public outrage over the issue has mounted after it emerged that giants including Starbucks, Google, Facebook, Amazon and eBay all pay relatively little tax in the UK UN says access to contraception a human right Porn sites appear in Islamic countries mostvisited online rankings Woman denied an abortion dies in hospital  The Irish Times  Wed, Nov 14, 2012 Xpost r/Feminism Hamas military chief Ahmed Jabari killed by Israeli strike UN once again votes to condemn US embargo against Cuba Death penalty request over Afghan massacre  US army prosecutors request courtmartial and death penalty for Sgt. Robert Bales, accused of killing 16 villagers Cannabis taxation a winwin all round, Richard Branson tells UK MPs 140 people (90 police officers) have been murdered in San Paulo, Brazil over the past 2 weeks by an organized crime syndicate know as First Capital Command (xpost r/mafia) Proselytizers, be warned Jamaica bans Bible preaching on commuter buses Israeli Air Strike kills Hamas militant chief Ahmed Jabaari Putin, Obama confirm interest in consistent development of RussianUS relations U.N. Urges End to U.S. Cuba Embargo for 21st Year Middle class now rivals poor in Latin America World Bank. Rapid economic growth and more inclusive social policies in Latin America in the last decade have lifted 50 million people into the middle class, which for the first time rivals the poor in number, the World Bank said in a study on Tuesday. Afghan Warlords Call to Arms Rattles Officials  One of the most powerful mujahedeen commanders in Afghanistan, Ismail Khan, is calling on his followers to reorganize and defend the country against the Taliban as Western militaries withdraw Isreal considers toppling Palestinian Authority if bid for UN nonmember state is approved Israel officials warns against Palestinian UN bid. Israel's vice premier says the Palestinians would violate their peace accords with Israel by seeking recognition of an independent state of Palestine at the UN. A man described as a modernday Rasputin was convicted Tuesday of brainwashing three generations of an aristocratic French family for nearly a decade, swindling them of their fortune and their turreted manor. 'France has become the first European nation to recognize Syria's opposition coalition as the sole legitimate representative of the Syrian people.' Antiausterity strikes sweep Europe Spain, Portugal, Belgium, Greece, Italy and France rising in a European Day of Action and Solidarity. Study finds more men in Sweden sell sex than women. British ban squatting in empty properties  claim the new law necessary to fight anarchists   Features  Al Jazeera English Scandal in Ireland as woman dies in Galway 'after being denied abortion'. Health authorities in Ireland are investigating the death of a pregnant woman whose husband says she was denied an abortion following severe complications. Israeli air strike kills Hamas military chief Jabari Vatican City True Financial Crime and Murder Spaniards Take To Streets To Block Home Evictions 
Savita Halappanavar's medically unnecessary death In the worst way possible, a woman refused a lifesaving abortion in Ireland has proved 'prolife' advocates wrong Ireland 'should change abortion law' after woman's death. Member of Irish Labour party says country's almost total ban on abortions must be relaxed North Korean missile parts found on ship going to Syria Anonymous warns Israel 'No one cuts internet on our watch!' I am ashamed that Ireland's medieval abortion law still stands  Blame for denying Savita Halappanavar a termination lies with all of us who keep quiet about abortion rights
 BBC worker's son killed by Israeli attacks in Gaza China's Great Shame the governmentinduced Great Famine that killed 36 million still cannot be publicly discussed in China. Hamas says now in 'open war' with Israel, promises 'gates of hell'  RT Cambodia arrests 8 over 'SOS' messages for Obama Uganda hit by new Ebola outbreak (from r/globalhealth) 'Nazis out!' Greek protesters attack conference, throw coffee at German diplomat  RT UK government Gay cure therapy is harmful  The Department of Health does not condone the concept of therapists offering 'cures' for homosexuality. There is no evidence that this sort of treatment is beneficial and indeed it may well cause significant harm The story behind the photo BBC journalist grieves the death of his 11monthold son, killed in Gaza Parents slam Irish abortion laws after woman dies BBC News  Gaza rocketfire kills three Israelis Frosty Relations With Russia Begin to Thaw After Obamas Reelection How Germany Is Getting to 100% Renewable Energy Argentina Asks UN to Free Navy Ship Impounded in Ghana, Arguing Seizure Violates Maritime Law  It  was seized after a local court ruled in favor of an American billionaire, who claims the Argentine govt owes $370m (233m) for  a debt default a decade ago. Huge Anti Austerity Strikes in Europe Russia has lost the ability to send commands to most of its satellites and its segment of the International Space Station, following a power cable failure near Moscow. Rat kill in Galapagos Islands targets 180 million. The unique bird and reptile species that make the Galapagos Islands a treasure for scientists and tourists must be preserved, Ecuadorean authorities say _ and that means the rats must die, hundreds of millions of them. Massed Israeli troops poised for invasion of Gaza Mcafee goes off the grid Jason Bourne style UN report Contraception access could save $57 billion worldwide Millions of workers strike over government spending cuts in Europe.  Mexico lawmaker introduces bill to legalize marijuana. A leftist Mexican lawmaker on Thursday presented a bill to legalize the production, sale and use of marijuana, adding to a growing chorus of Latin American politicians who are rejecting the prohibitionist policies of the United States. Gaza ceasefire collapses, Egypt PM backs Palestinians as Israel drafts 16,000 reservists Gaza crisis Tel Aviv targeted by missiles. Hong Kong seizes $1.4m of illegal ivory  Customs officers in Hong Kong confiscate 569 pieces of illegal elephant ivory, their second major seizure of tusks in a month
 Growing concerns over 'in the air' transmission of Ebola  Canadian scientists find the deadliest form of the virus can be transmitted by air. It goes  from pigs to monkeys with no direct contact.  There are accounts of pigs dying at the start of human outbreaks.  Egyptian leaders have promised to support Gaza against Israeli attacks Kenyan information minister leads an IT revolution  Since Bitange Ndemo got Kenya hooked up to highspeed Internet, there has been no stopping his cyberprogress. A 'Silicon Savannah' is now flourishing. Israel And Gaza On Brink Of War As Tanks Amass At Border BP to Admit Crimes and Pay $4.5 Billion in Gulf Settlement  The British oil company said it would pay $4.5 billion in fines and other payments to the government and plead guilty to 14 criminal charges in connection with the giant oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico two years ago. The Federal Court of Justice in Germany has ruled that the parents of a 13yearold were not responsible for their son's illegal file sharing and do not have to pay a fine. The decision overturns a previous ruling.  Australia declares world's largest marine reserve  formally creates the world's largest network of marine reserves, protecting oceans around its coast. Egypt PM decries Gaza 'aggressiony Israel  Middle East  Al Jazeera English Hague war court acquits Croat Generals Gotovina and Marka over the killing of hundreds of ethnic Serbs in an operation to retake Croatia's Krajina region in 1995 Hamas armed wing fires longrange rocket at Israeli Knesset in Jerusalem Ireland abortion row India summons Irish envoy   Voicing concern and angst over the death of an Indian woman who was denied an abortion by doctors in Ireland, India summoned the Irish Ambassador & hoped that the inquiry into the incident would be independent. Trafficking The ordeal of a Moscow 'shop slave'. Whenever the girls ran away from there, they would be caught [by the local police] and horribly beaten up Thousands rally in Egypt against Israel offensive. The demonstrations come on the day that Egypt's prime minister, Hesham Kandil, traveled to Gaza in a symbolic show of support for the territory's Hamas rulers. Israeli Tanks and Troops Move Toward Gaza Border Rockets pound Israel, Gaza as Netanyahu alleges 'double war crime' Hard numbers on terrorism invalidate current policies China's richest man Zong Qing Hou Wealth gap is huge problem Jamaica to abolish flogging punishment  Law allowing flogging and whipping of prisoners is preventing government from ratifying UN torture convention, says minister
 Multibilliondollar Global Fund fires internal watchdog whose office found financial losses. It said that had terminated the employment of Inspector General after a careful review of his performance, which was found to be unsatisfactory Ikea admits political prisoners made its furniture, apologises 'Horrible Citizens' The Life of Greece's One Percent  The Greek economy has been tanking for years now as the country struggles to balance its budget by imposing deep austerity measures. But the country's richest residents haven't noticed. Many aren't taxed at all  Taliban Accidentally Reveal Identities of Their Mailing List Members  ABC News 'Hundreds of Irish women, including dozens who had been raped, have lifethreatening illnesses or are under the age of 16, have been forced to seek abortions in Britain in the past three years, a prochoice charity said.' New law would let Uruguayans grow marijuana at home or in clubs BBC News  Gaza crisis Israel air strikes hit Hamas HQ 40 Egyptian school children killed in crash Western media can't get Palestine right
 Uganda says wants to pass antigay law as Christmas gift Israel Destroys Hamas Prime Minister's Office Japan, India to cooperate on rare earth production Cat lovers tell Rome archaeologists they won't abandon strays living at site where Brutus assassinated Caesar   Cats of Rome are as ancient as the marble capitals they lounge on. We must find a solution that balances heritage with a social practice that's its own tradition, says head of culture.  Once imprisoned for her sexuality, Cuban transgender woman becomes 1st to hold elected office Train ploughs into school bus in Egypt, 47 killed Saudi Arabia Funds Mossad AntiIran Operations British Buddhist monk selfimmolates at French monastery   A British monk died in a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in France after he poured petrol over his clothes and set himself alight, police said.  Australia mulls mandatory smoker's licenses | Times247 Chinas national strategy to acquire technology illicitly from Western companies, but it won't work in the future France enacts the Nutella Taxa quadrupling of palm oil taxes France The timebomb at the heart of Europe U.S. lifts ban on imports from Myanmar ahead of Obama visit Bal Thackeray, Hindu leader and Shiv Sena founder, dies. 10 Things You Need to Know About Gaza Turkey will formally ask NATO on Monday to set up missiles on its border with Syria. The Munichbased Sueddeutsche Zeitung, which did not cite its sources, also said that up to 170 German soldiers could be deployed as part of the mission. Tunisia denounces Israel's operation as illegitimate and unacceptable    Interview There is a great anger in the country  President Higgins  Ireland. Catholic nun stands trial over 63 counts of physical and sexual abuse of children
 ATM gives out extra money  the British form an orderly queue Approx 20,000 Irish people are marching today, calling on the Irish government to introduce legislation on abortion.  Over the past decade the business of renting out private soldiers has grown from a specialised niche into a global trade, worth as much as $100 billion US selfsufficiency in energy is likely to end reliance on Gulf regimes, but biggest loser of all may be Russia 
France  More than 100000 people protest against Gay Marriage Chavez Every Venezuelan to Have Dignified Home by 2019 Whatever it Costs Ahmed Jabari, Assassinated Hamas Leader, Received Draft Of Gaza Truce Agreement Shortly Before Death  US denies visas to Iran officials for UN meeting. The Iranian judiciary's Human Rights HQs said in a statement that the US denied visas to an Iranian delegation that planned to travel to a meeting of the UN's 3rd Committee, which focuses on social issues and human rights. Metro  Jimmy Carter 'Israelis policy is to confiscate Palestinian territory' IKEA admits using forced labor in the 80's 56% of Britons would vote to quit EU in referendum, poll finds Palestinians in Gaza fire over 30 rockets into Israel since the morning, injuring four; fragments from intercepted rocket near TA destroy car; Iron Dome intercepts over 17 rockets; IDF hits 70 targets in Gaza Protests in Jordan intensify Down with King Abdullah! Syrian rebels capture another military airport Egyptian Convoy heads to Gaza
 
Putin on Pussy Riot 'I don't think modern Germany should support antiSemitism' In UK, Hillsborough police accused of sexually harassing survivor One officer pestered a young woman for sex only weeks after the disaster, while other witnesses were reportedly threatened with jail if they did not change accounts that portrayed the police in a negative light.
 Israel PM says ready to expand Gaza operation after Hamas resumed fire Gaza hospitals face dire supply shortages  Middle East  Al Jazeera English US denies visas to Iran's UN officials Elections Canada email trail points to growing suspicions over voter suppression mischief during 2011 election  Sierra Leone Votes Peacefully  Rothschilds unite with National Trust to fight plans for high speed rail link  
Billionaire family & conservation charity combine to propose 'green corridor' for 33bn track Human Rights Watch accuses Myanmar security forces of supporting some antiMuslim attacks Spain rejects proposed 75 billion euro budget cut Turkish Prime Minister I say that Israel is a terrorist state, and its acts are terrorist acts Cuban transsexual elected to public office. Adela Hernandez, jailed for 'dangerousness' in the 1980s, becomes first transgender person to hold public office in Cuba Nigeria An oil spill at an ExxonMobil facility offshore from the Niger Delta has spread at least 20 miles from its source, coating waters used by fishermen in a film of sludge. Hamas [will] agree to a ceasefire only after Israel stops its aggression, ends its policy of targeted assassinations and lifts the blockade of Gaza. Egypt liberals quit assembly drafting constitution.  number of liberal politicians withdrew on Sunday from the Islamistdominated assembly drafting Egypt's new constitution, saying they were not given the opportunity to discuss articles and their suggestions were being ignored. Lebanese Army Dismantles Rockets Aimed at Israel Protesting women maced, beaten on Paris streets  NSFW images We need to flatten entire neighborhoods in Gaza. Flatten all of Gaza. The Americans didnt stop with Hiroshima  the Japanese werent surrendering fast enough, so they hit Nagasaki, too. BBC News  Obama 'Israel has right to defend itself' Gaza death toll now at 77 after 6 days of violence 14 Tasmanian Devils Free From a Contagious Facial Tumor Disease to be Moved to Own Island  Their plight is so dire Australian authorities are breeding an insurance population to ensure they don't die out. Their numbers have dropped 91% since the disease appeared in 1996. A video obtained by Reuters shows Nigerian troops shooting unarmed captives in broad daylight by the roadside in the northeastern city of Maiduguri, the bastion of an Islamist insurgency.
| Reuters Spain to Offer Residency to Foreign House Buyers  if they buy houses worth over 160,000 ($200,000) as part of an attempt to reduce the country's bloated stock of unsold homes. Spain has over 700,000 unsold houses following the collapse of its real estate market in 2008. Woman in India arrested for criticizing local politician, charged with hurting religious sentiments Hamas Rockets will stop when Gaza borders are opened World Bank Warns Of Catastrophic Effects From 4 Degree Warming The World Bank warned that global temperatures could rise by four degrees this century without immediate action, with potentially devastating consequences for coastal cities and the poor Europes New Fascists You can now get arrested for your comments and likes on Facebook???  When the Pope announced he was transferring his respected sex crimes prosecutor to Malta to become a bishop, Vatican watchers immediately questioned whether the Holy See's tough line on clerical abuse was going soft  and if another outspoken cleric was being punished for doing his job too well. Death toll rises as Israeli military assaults Gaza Strip Israeli airstrikes on the Gaza Strip on Sunday killed at least 10 members of one family, including a mother and her four children, and struck two buildings used by journalists Restaurateur Gets 90 Days In Jail For Criminally Libelling Author Of Bad Review The system of socalled 'shadow banking,lamed by some for aggravating the global financial crisis, grew to a new high of $67 trillion globally last year, a top regulatory group said, calling for tighter control of the sector. 95% of Australian voters support Royal Commission into child abuse French government to spend 580 million on a new airport next to one that some claim is only being used at 50% of its capacity, with 2000 hectares of farmland set to be destroyed Angry Chinese Protesters Overturn Police Vans  Israel air force drops leaflets across Gaza City warning residents to evacuate homes immediately Trump hotel in Canada failing, investors suing after 7 years and no building The rising scream of pain emanating from the people of eastern Congo, trapped in a horrific and accelerating cycle of murder, mutilation, rape, exploitation and mass displacement, is barely heard. France Stripped Of Prized 'AAA' Credit Rating By Moody's Two women are arrested in Mumbai one for making a Facebook post, the other for liking her friend's post The day I saw 248 girls suffering genital mutilation Australia 'cracked topsecret US jet fighter codes' The British governments increasingly obstinate stance on criminalizing insults seems to have finally offended the public. Now an official movement, the Reform Section 5 campaign, is drawing support from all levels of society. As Hamas confronts Israel, its Arab support swells   110 UN countries back ending death penalty Billionaire Indian Brothers kill each other after an argument escalated into a gun fight  Moscow Bans 'Political Repression' Protest  'No Such Thing' A chilling article by Gilad Sharon, son of the former Israeli prime minister, in the Jerusalem Post says Israel must flatten Gaza like the US flattened Japan. France ends combat mission in Afghanistan More than 1,000 new coal plants planned worldwide, figures show. The huge planned expansion comes despite warnings from politicians, scientists and campaigners that the planet's fastrising carbon emissions must peak within a few years if runaway climate change is to be avoided US defends Israeli attacks on Gaza at UN MP Peter Lilley has received over $400,000 in oil company share options  
Analysis shows full extent of climate sceptic's financial interests in oil industry & places committee role under further scrutiny Mos racist tirade against bus passenger caught on camera; Melbourne, Australia
			News.com.au New law in India seek to help untouchables by banning contruction of nonflushing toliets or hiring them to remove human excrement by hand Widower calls for independent investigation into death of Savita Halappanavar  criticises investigation by Health Service Executive because the team appointed includes employees from Galway University Hospital where his wife died Canada Introduces tougher AntiCannabis Laws After Savita Halappanavar's death, the brutal irony of 'prolife' is exposed Poland has arrested a person it said was planning a terrorist attack targeting the country's parliament, president and government. Special conference at 900 GMT Moody's downgrades France's credit rating to AA1 Pakistan acquits girl of blasphemy charges
after police accused cleric of framing her Hamas executes six suspected collaborators with Israel; body dragged through street  San Jose Mercury News Moscow bans protest against political repressions 'due to lack of political repression' After 8 more rhinos were slaughtered over the weekend, South African army deployed to assist in the war against poaching.  So far a staggering 570 rhinos have been killed this year within the country's borders. Marijuana legalization or decriminalization backed by most Canadians poll  thestar.com B.C Marijuana tax could net billions if pot is Legalized Dutch govt scraps `weed pass' for coffee shops. Dopeselling coffee shops in Amsterdam won't be shutting their doors to foreign visitors, a huge relief to the hundreds of thousands of tourists who enjoy a toke or two in the Dutch capital alongside their excursions on the canals and to the museums. National anguish at death of five Chinese street children The deaths of five street children who poisoned themselves after lighting a fire to fend off the cold have triggered an outpouring of online grief and reinforced a national debate over Chinas growing wealth gap.  India hangs Mumbai gunman Ajmal Kasab The video of a teenage girls random assault that has London up in arms. British police have released this very disturbing video, reportedly captured by a nearby closedcircuit camera, of a man attacking a 16yearold girl for what authorities say is no discernible reason. Norway to cull the 25 wolves in their country Volcano erupts in new zealand. Mohammed Kasab, the sole surviving gunman from the 2008 Mumbai attacks, has been hanged in an Indian prison Iranian news agency says the head of Iran's powerful Revolutionary Guard has disclosed his country has given fighters in Gaza the ability to produce longerrange missiles on their own, without direct shipments Iran says Palestinians in the Gaza Strip should be equipped to defend themselves against Israel. World's Most Expensive Coffee, Made of Feces, is Tainted by 'Horrific' Civet Abuse  They're kept in tiny cages, separated from their young, & forcefed only coffee cherries. Kopi Luwak surged in popularity since 2007 film 'The Bucket List' (xpost from r/nature) Singapore taxi driver returns $900k left by passengers
 A Pakistan court threw out all charges against a Christian girl accused of blasphemy in a case that drew international condemnation New Zealand's 'Lord of the Rings' Volcano Erupts A French news magazine has accused the US government of hacking into the office of Nicolas Sarkozy in the final weeks of his presidency of France. IraqiKurd tensions soar after firefight. A shootout over an unpaid gasoline bill in this small but hotly contested town has sent tensions soaring between the Iraqi government in Baghdad and the northern region of Kurdistan, threatening to ignite the ArabKurdish conflict that many have long feared. Libya Benghazi police chief assassinated NATO says Turkey has asked for missile defense against Syria
 Dozens who protested in Yemen during Arab Spring still missing Melbourne bus racist abuse video puts Australian attitudes on trial Violence Against Women in Latin America Getting Worse  Femicides in Mexico, Guatemala, & Honduras have all shot up, some of the highest rates in the world.  El Salvador has  biggest spike, with 637 women murdered in 2011, almost quadruple  from a decade ago. 


  Israel and Palestinians Agree to a Truce China sends 90 tons of aid, including 900 tents, 10,000 blankets, 30 water purification systems, 100 electric generators and assorted medicines to Cuba for Hurricane Sandy recovery(xpost from /r/China) The Beatles' audition tape famously rejected by a record executive in 1962 has finally been uncovered after 50 years The Church of England can no longer continue as an arm of the state By voting against women bishops, it has shown itself to be a discriminatory organisation that seeks to be above the law China to build world's tallest skyscraper in 90 days.. Ceasefire between Hamas and Israel agreed Hacker Arrested for Stealing ID Info of Most of Greece  Found in possession of 9 million data files containing ID data, addresses, tax ID & licence plate numbers,  he's  suspected of trying to sell. Some kind of accomplice working in govt hasn't been ruled out. Canada $2 Million in Toys Stolen From Salvation Army Argentine experts have discovered the fossils of a twometretall penguin that lived in Antarctica 34 million years ago. A South Pacific island identified on Google Earth & world maps doesn't exist, according to Australian scientists who went searching for it  The  sizeable strip of land, named Sandy Island, was positioned between Australia & Frenchgoverned New Caledonia. Were really puzzled. Its quite bizarre. Great tits more susceptible to disease than other British birds Rape in Congo is not a myth  if anything, it is underreported A report claiming aid agencies exaggerate rape stories for publicity is untrue, unhelpful and out of date Internal emails among U.S. military officers indicate that no sailors watched Osama bin Ladens burial at sea from the USS Carl Vinson and traditional Islamic procedures were followed during the ceremony. Iran supplied Hamas with Fajr5 missile technology Scientists 'undiscover' Pacific island Singapore is world's least emotional country, poll finds. Only 36% of Singaporeans report feeling positive or negative emotions on a daily basis, compared to 60% in the Philippines Lebanese rockets fired at Israel.  US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton and  Egyptian Foreign Minster announce cease fire between Israel and Hamas The entire Christian calendar is based on a miscalculation, the Pope has declared, as he claims in a new book that Jesus was born several years earlier than commonly believed. Spanish government struggles to respond to home eviction suicides  

In less than a month, at least five people who were about to be forcefully evicted from their homes committed suicide. The issue is galvanizing opposition to austerity measures.  Japans Last True Ninja China arrests blogger for Twitter joke Taliban suicide bomber kills 23 in Pakistan Rebels say Syria hospital strike kills 40  Global shadow banking hits $67 trillion.
 
G20 charts rise of sector blamed for aggravating worldwide financial crisis
 Egypt protesters set fire to Muslim Brotherhood offices 65%  of Canadians over 18 support either pot legalization & taxation, or the decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana  I think we have to recognize 1st & foremost  the war on drugs, as it exists, doesnt work. Legalization is a smart policy for the Liberal Party. Saudi Arabia now electronically monitoring women, letting male family members know when they try to leave the country Mexico City Now One of Safest Places in Mexico  Once infamous for its pollution, lawlessness, & chaos,  it's at the vanguard of ecological & civic change.  Abortion, gay marriage, & gay adoption is legalized. Outsiders who once viewed the city as terrorizing, now want to visit, to live here.
 A Dubai court has sentenced an Irish man and British woman to three months in jail for an intimate encounter in the back of a taxi. Muslim Man to Open 'Mosque for Gays' in France Delhi government widens ban on plastic Plastic is an environmental disaster A teenage girl in the Indian capital Delhi has been shot dead by a man after she objected to him urinating near the gate of her family home, police said. Israeli soldiers open fire in Gaza buffer zone  1 killed, 10 injured BBC News  Egypt's President Mursi assumes sweeping powers Pakistan will suspend cellphone services in most parts of the country over the next 2 days to prevent attacks against Shias Muslims during Muharram  Militants detonate bombs using cell phones. The govt has never suspended service on such a wide scale for this.  Syria forces airstrike on Aleppo Hospital At least 40 people killed Delhi Imposes Blanket Ban on All Plastic Bags  No use, sale, or manufacturing. No exceptions. Delhi generates 574 metric tons (1.2m lbs) of plastic waste a day. Jute is popular alternative, but not widely available. Ban on garbage bags likely to see resistance with few alternatives available.  Mexico's President Tries to Change Country's Name  Opposition leaders in Egypt are calling for a million man march to protest against what they say is a coup by President Mohamed Morsi. A rumour that a Christian man blasphemed against Islam has sparked a riot in the Nigeria  Man stopped from peeing in public kills girl in India Amid Protests, Spain Tries Banning Photos Of Police In One Chinese Province, the Government Literally Paves a Highway Around Homeowners Who Refuse to Move AntiMorsi protesters torch Muslim Brotherhood offices Map depicted in new Chinese passport raises diplomatic row BBC News  Hong Kong Former British colony fears China 'remake' There is only one or two legitimate ninjas left in Japan, and they are to be the last. This saddens me.  Egypt's Morsi grants himself farreaching powers Gaza crisis Palestinian 'shot dead near border' Japan's Population Now So Old That Sales Of Adult Diapers Exceed Those For Babies  Mexico President says it's impossible to end drug trade Either the US decides to drastically reduce their consumption of drugs, or if they are not going to reduce it they at least have the moral responsibility to reduce the flow of money towards Mexico, which goes into the hands of criminals World's most expensive footballer Cristiano Ronaldo donates 1.5m to children in Gaza Muslim radio station in Britain fined for saying gay people should be tortured China Homeless children found dead in rubbish bin Mass protests erupt in Egypt against Mursis antidemocratic decrees Boxer Hector Camacho dies after life support is turned off. 
The 'nutrition gapetween Britain's rich and poor is vast  and wicked

 Pussy Riot woman moved to solitary confinement  MSPs dismiss Donald Trumps wind farms warning. There is no evidence to support claims by American tycoon Donald Trump that wind turbines would destroy Scottish tourism, MSPs have concluded. Israel said to ease restrictions on Gaza fishing and farming Brazil gang's slaughter of police sparks fightback Mashaal I accept a Palestinian state on '67 borders. Hamas leader says he'll move to a peaceful path contingent on the end of the occupation and Palestinian statehood. Egypt's top judges condemn Mohamed Morsi power grab Uruguay lawmakers are calling on the government to go even further and legalize all drugs in a bid to blunt the power of and threat from illicit drug traffickers Parents lose care of foster children due to membership of UK Independence Party Wave of Plagiarism Cases Strikes German Politics  Over 1/2 a dozen politicians  in embarrassing cheating scandal that last year cost defense minister his job. The education minister is also implicated. She, like the others, is accused of plagiarizing people's work while earning a doctorate degree. 4yearold Dalit girl raped and strangled to death in Meerut, India  Education Secretary calls decision to remove  3 children from a foster couple because they belong to 'United Kingdom Independent Party' as indefensible.  The children  who are not indigenous white British  were removed by social workers accusing the couple of belonging to a racist party. No One Pharaoh Should Have All That Power  
Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi, who when elected reclaimed some executive power from previous military regime, is in hot water after giving himself a Thanksgiving present that put him above the courts & has some  calling him Pharaoh.  Clashes Break Out After Morsi Seizes New Power in Egypt Chinese Consumers Willing to Pay More for AmericanMade Goods | PRI's The World French MPs have been caught playing online poker and chess and buying wine and clothes on their electronic tablets during debates in the National Assembly, sparking calls for the new Socialist speaker to scramble wireless signals in the chamber for the sake of democracy.  Record Killing of Journalists In 2012 The deadliest country this year was Syria, where 36 journalists and dozens more media activists have been killed Germany Rejects Swiss tax Deal  The deal would've allowed Germans with undeclared assets in Switzerland to avoid punishment by making a oneoff payment of between 21% & 41% of the value of their assets. It was a deal which made honest taxpayers feel like fools. China's Toxic Milk Whistleblower Murdered Sanal Edamaruku faces jail for revealing 'tears' trickling down a Mumbai church statue came from clogged drainage pipes Japan Working on 300 MPH Floating Train  The Series Lo prototype is a magnetic levitation train, floating above its track & moving forward thanks to powerful magnets. It'll run from Tokyo to Nagoya, & travel as fast as 500 kilometers per hour (about 311 mph).   Several thousand people have turned out for a rally in Mali's capital, Bamako, to show support for the authentic Islam and to say no to religious extremism Arafat's Body to be Exhumed to Test for Poison  French opened  murder inquiry after  Swiss  found high levels of radioactive polonium on his clothing, supplied by his widow. Palestinians say they've evidence suggesting Arafat was assassinated by Israelis. Israel denies any involvement. Scientists Rush To Save Manta Rays, The 'Pandas Of The Ocean' Nearly 10,000 march in Kuala Lumpur to stop controversial rare earth plant A Chinesemade fighter jet has landed on Beijing's first aircraft carrier, the Liaoning C.S. Lewis to be honoured with stone in Poets' Corner, Westminster Abbey Syrian rebels capture air base near Damascus China will build the worlds tallest building using giant lego like pieces... In a total of 90 days. Bangladesh clothes factory fire kills 'at least 120' Atheists and Islam ExMuslim atheists are becoming more outspoken, but tolerance is still rare Selfimmolations on rise in Tibet  Toronto police recover $2 million worth of toys and donated goods stolen from a Salvation Army warehouse Europe mulls banning oxes' for abandoned babies 'The box is a warm incubator that can be opened from an outside wall of a hospital where a desperate parent can anonymously leave an unwanted infant.' Greek police have recovered antiquities stolen from a museum in Ancient Olympia and arrested three people after one of them tried to sell an ancient gold ring to an undercover policeman Iran warns Turkey not to deploy Patriot missiles Swedish toy firm drops gender roles for Christmas Boris we are losing India to the Americans  Telegraph Report Israeli spy satellites spot Iranian ship being loaded with rockets for Gaza Pakistani Lawyers become Thugs, Beat and Terrorize Cops and Judges in their black suits and ties India's clothing workers 'They slap us and call us dogs and monkeys'. Human rights tribunal hears allegations of abuse and low pay against clothing companies that supply high street stores Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for bomb attack on Shia procession Sunni extremists arrested over threats to Shia Muslims  in Sydney, Australia Having survived two assassination attempts, Mexican mayor beaten to death Vietnam's passport control offices are refusing to stamp visa pages in the new Chinese passports containing a map showing islands in the South China Sea as part of Chinese territory.  Crowd of 300 sexually assaults three girls in Tahrir Square Over 500 Bangladesh clothes factories for Walmart, H&M, Tesco & others declare wildcat holiday, fearing rising protests against bad labor conditions   Garment workers demanding end to deathtraps after new blaze sparks fresh panic & terror following worstever textile factory fire in country.   Atheists and Islam No God, not even Allah  ExMuslim atheists are becoming more outspoken, but tolerance is still rare An autopsy on the exhumed body late President Turgut Ozal, who led Turkey out of military rule in the 1980s, has revealed evidence of poisoning, a newspaper reported on Monday.
 UK gives 19 million aid to South Africa  its president spends 17.5 million on his palace. In Egypt, presidents power grab unites those who once battled over Mubarak  With Egyptian President Mohamed Morsis decision  to assume nearabsolute power over his country, at least for now, secularists of all stripes have mobilized in ways unimaginable just a week ago. Universal Health care hits 94% approval in Canada Catalans Vote in Secession Push Catalans began voting for a regional government, driving a push for independence from Spain; if the prosecession party wins a majority, a referendum on independence would likely follow within two years A fire at a clothing manufacturer in Bangladesh kills 112 workers British engineer hacked to death on his South African farm  A British engineer who moved to South Africa after falling in love with the country has been brutally murdered on his remote farmstead.  Egypt's stock market has plummeted in its first trading session since the Islamist president expanded his authority last week, triggering violent protests and a political crisis An Israeli mother who lost her son and a Palestinian whose father was shot dead now seek peace together in the Middle East Harper took steps to stifle Palestinian statehood bid Israel and Palestine's leaders  and cheerleaders  have failed them Those who support Israel or Palestine as if they were rival football teams do those two peoples a terrible disservice Pakistan 13 Die After Drinking Cough Syrup   Egyptian Judges Feud With Morsi  Fed up with the President trying to rid his office of judicial checks & balances, highest judges call for nationwide strike against the power grab, an unprecedented attack on judiciary branch.  But not everyone opposes Morsis aim for  dictatorial powers. More than 800 homes flooded as storms hit UK. Britain has a duty to back us at UN, say Palestinians 'Poison' pen mightier than sword for wouldbe North Korean assassin (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird) Korea's whopping US$275 billion tourism city plan | CNN Travel Chinese flock to elite U.S. schools  Ireland to Act Fast on Abortion Law, Providing Limited Access if an Expert Group's Recommendation is Accepted by the Cabinet, After Raging Controversy Over Woman's Death  The 'expert group' will deal with how the State deals with  lawful abortions.   Public anger in China erupts online as official caught in sex tape scandal.  there are more videos featuring at least five other senior figures China's party paper falls for Onion joke about Kim Jong Un One challenge I have when I speak about North Korea is I run out of adjectives for how bad things are... This place is almost this black hole for modern civilization France to Back Palestinian Bid for Status at U.N. The scale of cruelty and corporal punishment in Indian schools was highlighted . . . by the attempted suicide of 13 year girl who was paraded naked by a teacher for 'stealing' Toronto mayor ordered removed from office Having the Internet rewired by bureaucrats would be like handing a Stradivarius to a gorilla. U.N. to Seek Control of the Internet Germany to ban sex with animals A Hungarian farright politician urged the government to draw up lists of Jews who pose a national security risk, stirring outrage among Jewish leaders who saw echoes of fascist policies that led to the Holocaust. UK Lord Suggests Dropping A Neutron Bomb On PakistanAfghanistan Border To create cordons sanitaire along various borders where people are causing trouble How Ordinary Chinese are Talking, & Fighting Back  Chinese are using Weibo to expose corruption, criticize officials & try to make their country a better place  even as the Communist Party tries to control the Weibo revolution.  This isn't to say there isn't censorship  there is, & plenty of it.
 Man featured in show about honour killing is murdered in honour killing  The Times of India Australian Prime Minister forced to withdraw support for Israel in UN vote. Canadian exSalvation Army exec surrenders to police; he is accused of stealing more than $2,000,000 in toys from the organization A bomb was found on Monday under the car of a prominent Pakistani journalist who the Taliban had threatened over his coverage of a schoolgirl the militants shot France said on Tuesday it would vote in favour of Palestinian nonmember status at the United Nations, boosting Palestinian efforts to secure greater international recognition.
| Reuters BBC News  Risk of robot uprising wiping out human race to be studied Uganda will pass antihomosexuality bill this year, says Speaker. Death penalty clause dropped from latest draft but bill encourages violence against gay men and lesbians, say activists Heres the Chinese passport map thats infuriating much of Asia. Chinas new official passport carries, on its eighth page, a watermark map of China that has set off diplomatic disputes with four neighboring countries. China planning 'huge fracking industry' One of the Israeli militarys most visible spokesmen is under fire for a photo he posted on his Facebook page captioned Obama style in which his face is smeared with mud. Protesting Farmers Spray European Parliament & Riot Police With Milk  Thousands of dairy farmers angry at falling dairy prices in the EU &  accompanied by hundreds of tractors, descended on Brussels for 2 days of demonstrations. Tractors are hindering EU officials from reaching their offices. After four years, Graham Hughes visits every country in the world, without flying. Finishes in South Sudan, a country that didn't exist when he started his trip.
 October Was 332nd Consecutive Globally Warm Month Japan Is Flexing Its Military Muscle to Counter a Rising China Plane loads of cash Flight records reveal Russia flew 30 tonnes of bank notes to Syrian regime. The logs show that a cargo plane belonging to the Syrian Air Force made eight round trips between Moscows Vnukovo Airport and Damascus over three months this summer Girl, 8, to get vaccination shots after court overrules mum (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird) Spain Intends to Back Palestinian Bid for Statehood at UN. Wife forced to remarry husband who threw acid into her face |
			News.com.au Iceland's president explains how a financial crisis should be handled Let the banks fold.  Egyptian Christians sentenced to death for antiIslam film Finlands education system ranked number one. #2 South Korea #3 Hong Kong.  Mass Cairo protest!! Demonstrators are accusing President Morsi & Muslim Brotherhood of betraying last year's revolution. On Wednesday Switzerland & Denmark joined a growing list of European countries that back an upgrade for Palestinians to nonmember status at the United Nations, a victory that would be a diplomatic boost to their aspirations for statehood Citing hunt for pedophiles, Dutch government to make refusing to help decrypt computer a crime  The Dutch government says it is planning to make it a crime for a suspect in a child sex abuse or terrorism case to refuse to help decrypt a computer when ordered to do so by prosecutors. Deforestation in Brazil's Amazon rainforest has dropped to its lowest level in 24 years, the government said Tuesday. Owner of TVShack, UK student Richard O'Dwyer avoids extradition Why the Fate of Humanity Rests on a Chinese MiddleSchooler's Test Scores Germany will not back Palestinian U.N. bid Dirty War Against Africa's Rhinos  In 2007, 13 rhino were poached in S Africa.  This year, 585 were slain  by organized gangs smuggling horns to Asia.  They recruit triggermen with military backgrounds equipped with silencers & night vision. Helicopters, flying below  radar, get poachers in & out.  Spain to recognize Palestinian state at UN Three midlevel managers arrested in connection to the Bangladesh factory blaze which killed over 100 workers. Survivors told us that they did not allow the workers to escape the fire, saying that it was a routine fire drill. There are also allegations that they even padlocked doors. Kabul Bank audit reveals the bank as a massive Ponzi scheme Is the world ignoring the Congo war? Why Finland's Unorthodox Education System Is The Best In The World Particles for Peace Iranian, Israeli, Turkish and Arab Physicists Lay Plans for a Joint Particle Accelerator | Observations, Scientific American Blog Network Life discovered in ancient polar lake Palestinians Predict Historic UN Vote on Statehood Hundreds of millions of dollars from Kabul Bank were spirited out of Afghanistan  some smuggled in airline food trays to bank accounts in more than two dozen countries,  revealed in a report  about massive fraud that led to the collapse of the nation's largest financial institution Largest trial of 'Dirty War' crimes starts in Argentina Sixtyeight former officials face 800 charges of kidnap, torture and murder William Hague says UK set to abstain in Palestinian UN vote Canada creates $5,000 cap on liability for file sharing lawsuits Internet and Mobile Has Been Cut Off in Syria  Swedish drunk MP falls over with his wheelchair and is helped by immigrants. He then calls the police saying the immigrants stole his backpack, which he in reality had forgotten at the bar... Palestinians set to win statehood recognition in UN vote Good News For Animal Lovers Factory Farming's Days May Be Numbered In a stunning victory for humane farming, Australia's largest supermarket chain, Coles, will as of January 1 stop selling company branded pork and eggs from animals kept in factory farms Bodies Found on Drifting Ship Near Japan  It was badly damaged & contained faint markings on the side that appeared to be Korean characters. Some bodies had decomposed to the point where only skeletons remained.
  Seas rising 60% faster than UN forecast Dutch parliament to abolish blasphemy law The blasphemy law was no longer relevant in the 21st century German man locked up over HVB bank allegations may have been telling truth. Women in poor countries miss up to a month of work or school per year, because they don't have access to lowcost sanitary pads. Poland's top court has outlawed the religious slaughter of animals weeks before the EU is due to allow the practice on religious grounds. It will no longer be legal to allow animals to have their throats cut and bleed to death without first being stunned. The Secret to Iranian Drone Technology? Just Add Photoshop  Earlier this month, Iran said it made a new drone that could take off and land vertically. However, the picture they released was just an altered version of a drone developed by Japan's Chiba University. Samsung asks employees to quit getting smashed at company events 
Bangladeshi Factory Workers Say They Were Locked In During Deadly Inferno  
As if the story of the deadly blaze that killed 112 people in a Bangladeshi garment factory couldn't get any worse, new details suggest that somebody locked the workers in the burning building.  Polish ruling on kosher meat angers Jews 
Sweden makes genderfree toy Christmas wish come true With a picture of a girl with a Nerf gun, a Swedish toy retailer is arming children with the ability to question outdated gender roles
 A Russian businessman helping Swiss prosecutors uncover a powerful fraud syndicate has died in unexplained circumstances near his mansion in Britain, in a chilling twist to a Russian mafia scandal that has strained Moscow's ties with the West.
| Reuters Serbian village in panic after mayor warns of vampire on the loose... EU rejects French report linking GM maize to cancer  Three managers accused of locking gates in fire in Bangladesh factory where 100 were killed by a fire. The factory makes clothing for WalMart, amongst other European chains. Cairo court gives death penalty to Egyptian Christians tried in absentia for participating in Innocence of Muslims video Amazon deforestation drops to record low The new figure, a staggering 27% drop from 2011, exceeded the expectations of the Brazilian government Germany backtracks on Palestinian UN bid, decides to abstain. Haiti seeks $2bn to fight cholera outbreak blamed on UN soldiers  
Government to unveil 10year plan for water & sanitisation as evidence grows that peacekeepers were source of infection 15 yr old Afghan girl has throat slit over refusal to wed Less than 24 hours after General Assembly recognizes Palestine as nonmember state, Israel responds by approving construction of 3,000new housing units in Jerusalem, West Bank North Korea Has Found a Secret Unicorn Lair, Apparently  
Archaeologists of the History Institute of the DPRK Academy of Social Sciences have recently reconfirmed a lair of the unicorn rode by King Tongmyong, founder of the Koguryo Kingdom, reports the  wait. Stop. UNICORNS?  Global hacking network declares Internet war on Syria   Anonymous says it'll shut down Syrian govt websites around the world in response to a countrywide Internet blackout believed to be aimed at silencing opposition to the president. Mexican Cartels Enslave Engineers to Build Radio Network  At least 36 engineers & technicians have been kidnapped in the past 4 yrs. None of them have been held for ransom   just disappeared.   When they need specialists they catch them, use them, & discard them.  In Syria, fighting escalates as the country's internet goes dark, and cell phone communication go down. We dont know why yet, but in the past, the Syrian government has cut off access during major operations. Syria's Internet Blackout Explained   Syria has 4 physical cables that connect it to the rest of the internet. 3 are undersea. The 4th is an overland cable through Turkey. In order for a wholecountry outage, all 4 would've had to been cut simultaneously.  UN votes overwhelmingly to upgrade Palestine's status Attacked with acid because she spurned men's advances, then proceeds to win millions of rupees on Who Wants to be a Millionaire in India. Whisky saves man's eyesight after being blinded by vodka Internet and Phone Service Cut in Syria UN General Assembly recognizes Palestine as a state 1389 with 41 abstaining Australians think cigarettes in the new mandatory plain packaging taste worse than they did in branded packs. The U.N. Shouldn't Decide on an Open Internet Behind Closed Doors  The goal is to update a decadesold treaty. But certain countries seem to be attempting a quiet coup in updating it  one that could violate our rights online while leaving users less secure & with slower service. Hitler's Strange Afterlife In India France tells UK's richest man Lakshmi Mittal sell up or we nationalise Qatari poet jailed for life for insulting Emir with his poem   RT Dominique StraussKahn may pay the maid who accused him of attempted rape $6 million to resolve her civil lawsuit Philippines criticises 'dictatorial' China   Chinese naval patrols have been authorized to search and repel ships that illegally enter an area in the South China Sea through which much of the regions commercial vessels pass UN Makes Palestine NonMember Observer State Austrian police seize servers that were part of a global anonymous browsing system, after images showing child sex abuse were found passing through them  The Onion Router (Tor)  pipes data through many different nodes to hide who is browsing what site. Egypt's new constitution An unofficial translation 4 Reasons Britannia Rules the Waves (& Wind & Solar)  UK this week released a comprehensive (if complicated & controversial) new energy bill that triples subsidies for noncarbon energy & opened a new green bank that'll rush cash to alternative energy projects. First Use of OMG Abbreviation Found in a 1917 Letter to Winston Churchill Muslims Face Expulsion From Western Myanmar  Ethnic Hatred Tears Apart a Region of Myanmar Brazil economy slows unexpectedly UK considering cutting all funding to schools that don't teach evolution India records 57% drop in new HIV cases Egyptians fear decades of Muslim Brotherhood rule, warn Morsi is no friend to US  World News Syrian rebel films himself shooting 10 prisoners Masked men in jackets emblazoned with the word police boarded a fishing boat Friday in Curacao and stole 70 gold bars worth an estimated $11.5 million, officials on the southern Caribbean island said. The crew said it was like a movie operation, very fast, Huggins said. Using satellite technology, much of it smuggled in from abroad, Syrian rebels and activists are still communicating online, but the government is finding ways to listen Yahoo 'ordered to pay $2.7bny Mexican court India's 'Love Commandos' protecting eloping couples from their relatives North Korea plans rocket launch within days North Korea Says It Will Test Another LongRange Rocket Chinese authorities have demolished the home in the middle of the road. Japanese take responsibility for tsunami debris cleanup hitting west coast Mexico More than 25,000 people disappear in six years. Unpublished official figures show cost of chaos and violence enveloping country in fight against drug gangs Australia has become the first country in the world to introduce plain packaging for cigarettes. Two Pakistanborn brothers living in Florida have 
been arrested on charges of providing support to 
terrorists and conspiring to use a weapon of mass 
destruction within the United States, authorities 
said on Friday. Russian mafia whistleblower found dead outside UK mansion
| Reuters International health officials have confirmed two more fatal cases of a mysterious respiratory virus in the Middle East. It's too early to say whether humantohuman transmission occurred or not, but we certainly can't rule it out, said WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl. Saudi cleric under fire for labelling waitresses as prostitutes Japan Airlines serves inflight KFC for the holidays   Syrian jets bomb rebels, Internet down for third day
| Reuters Backers of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi are to hold a mass rally to support his sweeping new powers and the drafting of a constitution opponents say is too Islamist. Syria army pushes to secure Damascus perimeter As convicted terrorists face possible release, Canada faced with growing problem how do you rehabilitate them? Afghan girl beheaded after refusing mans marriage proposal | The Lookout  Yahoo! News Guatemalan Peasants Sue Canadian Mining Company Hudbay
 Germany Has Built Clean Energy Economy U.S. Rejected in 80s The Vatican has cracked down on a prominent Austrian Roman Catholic priest who has been leading a disobedience campaign to openly challenge Roman Catholic teachings on celibacy and women priests. Israel halts Palestinian tax transfer over UN bid | DAWN.COM Israel confiscates Palestinian funds | Al Akhbar English US 'shockedy new settlement plan  Israel News, Ynetnews Israel halts Palestinian tax transfer Japan tunnel collapse traps cars  Parts of a tunnel collapsed Sunday on a highway west of Tokyo, trapping an unknown number of vehicles. After UN vote, Israel to suspend Palestinian Authority funds Turkey requests Nato missile defences amid Syria chemical weapons fears World Scientists Statement on GMO's .. I would say everyone needs to be aware of this statement  Afghanistan's displaced dread the coming winter The country has nearly half a million displaced people, many living in primitive camps where the cold weather will mean death for some. Clashes in Mexico after president sworn in. New President of Mexico The state has lost ground in important areas. Lawlessness and violence have robbed various parts of the country of peace and freedom. My government's first aim will be to bring peace to Mexico. In northern Mali, music silenced as Islamists drive out artists  The region, which was once one of the richest reservoirs of musical talent on the continent, is now an artistic wasteland. Muslim Brotherhood paying gangs to go out and rape women and beat men protesting in Egypt as thousands of demonstrators pour on to the streets Eurozone unemployment hits record high  Europe  Al Jazeera English Internet restored in Syria after threeday blackout Canada Ontario judge rules Toronto's shark fin ban invalid The Sketchy Articles of Egypts Constitution  Egypts top court says it has suspended its work indefinitely to protest pressures. The court said in a statement it cannot work in a climate filled with hatred Ach! No End in Sight for Berlin Airport Woes  Germans are famous for their efficiency & being on time. But a muchdelayed, expensive new airport in the German capital, Berlin, is rapidly destroying that reputation. Aboriginal HIV infections a growing problem in Canada  Infection rate for aboriginal people 3.6 times higher than that for other Canadians  Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo 
Balkans' political football keeps hooligans close to heart of power.

While ultras elsewhere have been stigmatised, violent fans in Macedonia and Serbia exercise influence as well as fear
 Internet Giants Google and Amazon Face Tax Attack