 Romanian government changes environment law to allow Canadian mining company to start building the biggest cyanide gold mine in Europe wiping out from the face of the earth 4 mountains, ancient roman galleries and forcing people to move from their home. Protests start all over the country. She did it! Diana Nyad, 64, completes 103 mile CubatoFlorida swim after 5 attempts CIA files prove US helped Saddam Hussein as he gassed Iran Lenovo chief shares $3.25 million of bonus with staff  Most are hourly manufacturing workers. As you can imagine, an extra $300 in a manufacturing environment in China does make an impact, especially to employees supporting families Russias early radars detect launch of two ballistic rockets in Mediterranean  Defense Ministry More and More Journalists Are Being Kidnapped in Syria Russia Issues Travel Warning About United States Syrian president Bashar Assad challenges U.S. and France to publicly show proof of chemical weapons use Obama To Meet With LGBT Activists While In Russia After canceling a bilateral summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin while there for the G20 summit, Obama may anger the Kremlin further by meeting with Russian activists  including from LGBT groups It's natural  Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd argues in favour of samesex marriage on national television Swiss banks say they're sorry for assisting tax cheats 2 most wanted poachers were among 7 people arrested by Kenya Wildlife Service in Tsavo conservation area over the weekend. They were found with 200 snares. The wanted suspects were also found in possession of poisoned arrows and game meat. Vietnam just banned doing pretty much anything online Israel says carried out joint missile test with U.S. in the Mediterranean Brazilian government plans national 'antisnooping' email system France release videos of Sarin Gas attack in Syria [www.defense.gouv.fr] Amid the tempest over Syrian chemical weapons, an irony stands out. After two decades of bloody struggle between the West and alQaedas global jihadist franchise, those bitter adversaries suddenly find themselves fighting on the same side. France declassifies a report about chemical attacks. Assad threaten France. Market Tumbles After Russian Report Of Missile Launches Egypt shuts down four TV stations including AlJazeera Topsecret U.S. intelligence files show new levels of distrust of Pakistan U.S. intelligence agencies spend millions to hunt for insider threats, Snowden document shows  individuals with connections to alQaeda and other hostile groups have repeatedly sought to obtain jobs in the intelligence community Seoul says N. Korean nuclear program 'real threat' Canada has given $5.3million to the Syrian opposition to support the rebels in antigovernment propaganda since April 2012, according to the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFAIT). Mystery solved Israel declares successfully launched the missiles in the mediterranean today All major commercial TV networks in Australia refusing to air ad critical of Murdoch's biased coverage of the election. Putin The problem is not that were defending Snowden. Were not. The problem is that we dont have a mutual extradition treaty with the US. They refused to sign such a treaty. And they don't extradite our criminalswho have tortured people, trafficked people, whose hands are covered in blood Sweden grants blanket asylum to Syrian refugees. All Syrian asylum seekers who apply for asylum in Sweden will get it Putin accused Secretary of State Kerry of lying after Kerry denied AlQaeda existence in Syria. He lies and he knows he lies. It's pretty sad. In lieu of military intervention, Britain vows to 'lead the world' in providing humanitarian aid for Syrian refugees Radiation Levels At Fukushima Soar By Over 20% In Three Days, Hit 2,200 mSv And Rising Vladimir Putin calls Edward Snowden a 'strange guy' China now has a higher rate of Diabetes than the United States with 114 million diabetics. Putin warns US against Syria military action We have our ideas about what we will do and how we will do it in case the situation develops toward the use of force or otherwise. We have our plans. Facebook considers adding people's Facebook photos to facial recognition database. More than 300,000 attempts were made to access pornographic websites at the Houses of Parliament in the past year, official records suggest. The area of the Amazon where Ecuador plans to drill for oil contains a much higher density of jaguars than anywhere else on the planet Obama wins support for limited strike in Syria. Vote expected next week. Syrian Electronic Army revealed Anonymous hacks SEA website, dumps data. After claims that Syrian regime used chemical weapons on its own population, Anonymous struck, revealing personal information of key members within the Syrian Electronic Army. David Cameron rules out any future military action in Syria The Vatican is ramping up its opposition to threatened military strikes against Syria as it draws attention to Pope Francis' plans to host a day of fasting and prayer for peace this weekend. We all thought Libya had moved on  it has, but into lawlessness and ruin Putin Russia can support Syria strike if proven that Assad used chemical weapons 80,000 South African gold miners go on strike Hands off Syrians form human shields outside possible US strike targets, say they are ready to die when bombs start falling. Oldest Known Land Animal from Gondwana found in South Africa a 350millionyearold fossilized scorpion Japanese Government Will Bankroll a Giant Ice Wall at Fukushima Obama says U.S. credibility on the line in Syria response My credibility is not on the line. The international community's credibility is on the line. And America and Congress' credibility is on the line, because we give lip service to the notion that these international norms are important. First CIAtrained Syrian rebel unit about to join fighting against Assad regime, says Obama UN Chief Discourages Further Militarization of Syria Conflict 36 hours before the Australian election and in the middle of an advertising blackout, the party in the lead declares they will filter the internet by default. 'Jurassic Park' Emerges Out of Venezuela Oil  Finds include an armadillo the size of a Volkswagen, crocodile bigger than a bus, sabertoothed tiger, featherless chicken resembling an iguana, & 10 ft pelican. Paleontologists aim to find human fossils. We've have already found spearheads. India 6 year old rape victim has been ordered by a caste council to marry her rapist's 8 year old son. During the period of negotiation, the rapist raped the girl again. Even with 8 times the fresh water of France, Venezuela can not supply clean drinking water because Santeria Witch Doctors keep dumping their sacrificial carcasses in the reservoirs. Swedish Reporter Asks Obama if Nobel Peace Prize Presents Dilemma When Planning Syria Attack PayPal freezes funds of Mailpile  a secure mailing solution under development based in Iceland China joins Russia in opposing military strikes Reporter tries to cook egg with London's 'deathrayuilding  gives up when his hair starts to catch fire Furious about a report that the U.S. government spied on her private communications, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff may cancel a planned White House visit and downgrade commercial ties unless she receives a public apology Russia says it's compiled 100page report blaming Syrian rebels for a chemical weapons attack Kerry portrait of Syria rebels at odds with intelligence reports Mexico City mulls legal marijuana 'clubs'  The Mexico City council is considering the legalization of cannabis plants and the creation of private marijuana smoking clubs as it mulls controversial legislation to liberalize consumption Daughter furious after police Taser her 80yearold mother Russia releases key findings on chemical attack near Aleppo indicating similarity with rebelmade weapons Russian president signals he will take action if America strikes at Assad Syria rebels linked to alQaeda target Christian village Proposed Russian Law Takes Children From Gay Parents Syrian Rebels Attack Christian Village Pope Francis writes letter to President Putin of Russia ahead of G20 summit about Syria I make a heartfelt appeal for them to help find ways to overcome the conflicting positions and to lay aside the futile pursuit of a military solution Russians send official request to meet with U.S. Congress  CNN Political Ticker LSD may actually be good for you, says study U.S. intelligence agencies did not detect the Syrian regime readying a massive chemical weapons attack in the days ahead of the strike, only piecing together what had happened after the fact, U.S. officials say. Russia warns of catastrophe if Syrian reactor containing radioactive uranium was hit by U.S. strike US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Wednesday that Russia was a supplier of chemical weapons to Syria Russia Warns Of Nuclear Disaster If Syria Is Hit New documentary shows how televangelist Pat Robertson defrauded millions in aid donations to fund a diamond mining venture in the Congo US and UK spy agencies defeat privacy and security on the internet Cameron's UK Porn Filter Also Blocks VPNs India Rapist dies after victim's family members burn him alive Feds Beg NY Times, Pro Publica Not To Reveal That They've Inserted Backdoors Into Internet Encryption U.N. Calls for a Public Debate on Snowden Revelations Curved 300milliondollar London skyscraper is not just melting cars with sunlight  it has also spontaneously ignited carpets in local businesses. Putin says Russia will assist Syria if attacked World Public Opinion Sharply Opposed To Syria Strikes Pope calls on world leaders to abandon military options in Syria 20,000 North Korean Prison Camp Inmates Have 'Disappeared' The United States has intercepted an order from an Iranian official instructing militants in Iraq to attack U.S. interests in Baghdad in the event the Obama administration launches a military strike in Syria Mission Congo how Pat Robertson raised millions on the back of a nonexistent aid project  The televangelist claimed Operation Blessing was giving vital aid in response to the 1994 Rwandan crisis. A documentary opening at the Toronto film festival paints a less flattering picture Obama Has No 'Intention' To Strike Syria If Congress Says No  NPR Russian NeoNazis Admit They're Safari Hunting Gays Syria Shocking video emerges showing rebel forces executing bound government soldiers US orders diplomats out of Lebanon Report says millions in U.S. aid funds for Afghan health projects are being wasted Was Your Chicken Nugget Made In China? It'll Soon Be Hard To Know Bruce Schneier reports new Snowden leaks 'These are hacker tools designed by hackers with an essentially unlimited budget.' UPDATE [funds released] PayPal freezes funds of Mailpile  a secure mailing solution under development based in Iceland Militants in Afghanistan have killed an Indian woman whose memoir about marrying an Afghan and life under the Taliban was made into a Bollywood film Report U.S. preparing for a larger than anticipated military strike on Syria Syria crisis War of words between Russia, U.S. heats up Last Hitler Bodyguard Dies  He witnessed the Nazi leader's final hours in the bunker. He proudly reminisced about his wartime duties for the boss & called Hitler a very normal man... he was no brute, he was no monster. President Obama Calls for Yes Vote On Syria, Even If Public Opposed Tony Abbott will be Australian prime minister after decisive election victory Kenya urges world to impose moratorium on ivory trading to save wildlife 20,000 North Koreans 'disappear' from gulag For France, U.S. delay on Syria fuels doubts You [the U.S] have way more cruise missiles than we do. Its not even comparable. If we were going to fire 200 of them into Syria, it would be like half the arsenal we have. We do not use them like you do. We use them to take out strategic targets Poachers have used poison to kill 41 elephants in Zimbabwe's Hwange National Park Not Just Russia Italy, Other Europeans Sold Plenty Of Weapons To Syria Direct link between Assad and gas attack elusive for U.S. Fukushima tank leak may have mixed with groundwater, Tepco reckons 41 Zimbabwe elephants poisoned with cyanide in worst national case ever. Police in Zimbabwe arrest 6 men accused of poisoning watering holes frequented by elephants for $120,000 worth of ivory. EU agrees that all indications on Syria chemical attack points to Assad  ut that any potential military attack against it should wait for a U.N. inspectors report.' Julian Assange's WikiLeaks Party Underwhelm Everyone With Australian Election Results Syria Al QaedaLinked Rebels Target Christians Russian Sends Another Warship To The Coast Of Syria, Picks Up Special Cargo Before Setting Sail How Intelligence Was Twisted to Support an Attack on Syria Hafiz Saeed, a Pakistani Islamist with a $10 million U.S. bounty on his head, appeared openly at a rally in Islamabad on Friday, denouncing India as a terrorist state as thousands of his supporters called for holy war against the rival nuclear nation. WikiLeaks case sparks UN criticism of US government's torture of Bradley Manning Syria strike could bring Raytheon payday Syrian jihadi groups protest U.S. strikes The leading hardline Islamist group in northern Syria issued a statement on Facebook cautioning its followers against supporting U.S. intervention, saying it would only serve U.S. interests and not the cause of those seeking to topple Bashar alAssad G20 nations to crack down on tax cheats, agree to share records by 2015 Syrian Anarchist Challenges the Rebel/Regime Binary View of Resistance Obama rejects G20 pressure to abandon Syria air strike plan Protests continue in Bucharest against goldmine plan in Rosia MontanaAbout 1,000 people gathered in Bucharest on Tuesday night for a third day of protests against plans for Europe's biggest opencast goldmine. Egyptians Vehemently Opposed to Strike in Syria Dennis Rodman  That's not my job to ask about Kenneth Bae. Ask Obama about that. Ask Hillary Clinton, he told a throng of reporters. I don't give a shit. Germany's retailers want to pay farmers directly for keeping their animals in better conditions than legally required. An eightyearold girl died of internal injuries on the first night of her arranged marriage to a man more than five times her age Japanese professor pushes for Hide and Seek at the Olympics No attack on Syria, no matter what, say voters Christian televangelist Pat Robertson is threatening legal action against a Canadian documentary team over their film alleging that Robertson used a bogus charity as a supply line for his diamond mining business in Africa. US intelligence agency has the capability of tapping user data from the iPhone, devices using Android as well as BlackBerry, a system previously believed to be highly secure Bank of America Blocked Donations to the Wikileaks Party Damascus repeatedly rejected commanders requests to be allowed to use chemical weapons, radio transmissions captured by a ship of the German Navy crossing off the Syrian coast shows. Reuters confirms that the U.S. Government doesnt know who ordered the CW attack in Syria on August 21. Russian lesbian author Masha Gessen pleads 'Get us the hell out of here'. Says Kremlin has unleashed an 'allout war' on gay people A Wall Street Journal oped cited this week by both Secretary of State John Kerry and Sen. John McCain has drawn scrutiny for not disclosing writer Elizabeth O'Bagy's ties to a Syrian rebel advocacy group. French consulate worker arrested at Israeli border with 334 pounds of gold and $2 million in checks Today's middle class feel oppressed in the same way as Marxs 19thcentury working class We say no war Protesters across the world rally against military strike on Syria Church of England has 10m invested in arms firm. Children removed from Christian sect after German police raids  rods used were soaked in oil to make them more pliable during a beating, when children were allegedly struck on their bare feet, arms and backs...as the children were removed [by police] they showed no emotion towards their parents Dubai police have intercepted a shipment of over half a ton of ivory. Found at Dubai International Airport, the haul was described by police as being one of the largest found in the emirate. Syria western activists volunteer to become 'human shields' 90% of the condom vending machines installed at public places in India have gone missing Afghans say NATO airstrike kills 15, including women and children; NATO says 10 insurgents die Murdoch celebrates conservative victory in Australia with Twitter tirade. News Corp chief rejects claims his newspapers swung election against Labor instead saying it was due to 'public [who were] sick of public sector workers and phony welfare scroungers' CNN has videos of alleged Syrian chemical weapons use that White House showed senators to bolster strike support. Police used teargas to contain street protests on Saturday in several Brazilian cities, stopping demonstrators from disrupting Independence Day military parades and an international soccer game between Brazil and Australia. Pakistani president becomes first democratically elected leader to finish a full term. Protests Fill City Streets Across Brazil Norway Has More Money Than It Knows What To Do With Our biggest challenge is that our oil wealth is so huge we run the risk of wasting it on substandard projects that are not profitable enough. Obama's top aide We lack 'irrefutable, beyondareasonabledoubt evidence' on Syria A 58yearold Uruguayan man who disappeared four months ago in the remote Andes Mountains was found alive on Sunday, after he spent a brutal winter eating rats and raisins to survive, local media reported. Why Dubai's Islamic Austerity is a Sham, Couples who publicaly kiss are jailed yet the state turns a blind eye to 30,000 imported prostitutes Obama Administration Denies AP Requests For Syria Evidence 'Saddam used chemical weapons on Iran with no hullabaloo from the West'  Ex British Foreign Secretary Russia urges Assad to give up chemical weapons France strengthens separation of Church and State by unveiling a charter of 15 rules to uphold secularism, that will be displayed in every school in the country Obama Is Going To Struggle To Even Get 100 Syria Votes in The House First Detection of Water Ice on Saturn by Cassini Spacecraft Al Nusra Front Rebels Start Killing Syrian Christians After Retaking Village From Government Forces The Chinese dissident whom Yahoo helped put in prison eight years ago is finally a free man. Fantastico to reveal latest Snowden leak  US government spied on Brazilian oil giant Petrobas Syria chemical weapons attack not ordered by Assad, says German secret service ATMs that allow you to exchange cash for Bitcoins coming to Canada this fall. 5 Bitcoin kiosks, similar to ATMs, are coming to Canada, with the first machine expected to land in Vancouver in early October. Assad Tells PBS' Charlie Rose Syria Prepared to Retaliate if Hit The U.S. government tapped into computer networks of companies including Google Inc. and Brazilian staterun oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro SA, according to leaked U.S. documents Sudanese woman Amira Osman Hamed refuses to cover her head, faces flogging Afghan authorities slam NATO after drone strike kills 16 civilians Public concerned over growing use of Tasers by police in UK US planning three days of Syria attacks Al Qaida fighters among rebels who seize Christian village in Syria German intelligence indicates Syrian government forces may have carried out a chemical weapons attack without the permission of President Assad Confidential documents have revealed the formidable lobbying operation waged by tobacco giant Philip Morris seeking to undermine efforts to make cigarettes less attractive to children and women, and force packs to carry larger health warnings. Russia to push Syria to surrender chemical weapons Syria accepts Russian chemical weapons proposal Government scientist leaks photos of bitumen oil spill in Alberta lake. A million litres of bitumen have so far leaked into the surrounding environment, with 2,400 litres seeping in every day. The Pakistani women who risk death every day to vaccinate children against polio; 'I continued after my niece was shot. We all die one day, so why not as a brave person?' According to leaked diplomatic correspondence, Iran has been warning Washington since July 2012 that Sunni rebel fighters have acquired chemical weapons, and called on the US to send an immediate and serious warning to rebel groups not to use them. People in Wales will be presumed to have agreed for their organs to be donated after death from December 2015. Syria welcomes Russian chemical arms arsenal proposal Netherlands Close Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals White House  Not U.S. Intelligence Agencies  Prepared Report about Syrian CW Attack on August 21 Police Officer GangRaped Escorting Dead Sister in India Egypt bans 55,000 mosque preachers in crackdown on Islamists Report CIA believes Israel acquired chemical weapons decades ago Romanian gold rush cancelled as protesters defeat Europe's biggest mine Indian court convicts 4 men in fatal gang rape of woman on New Delhi bus. The men, convicted on all the counts against them, including rape and murder, now face the possibility of hanging Iraq closes airport in second largest city, no explanation Man found after 4 months 'lost' living in a cave in Andes mountains was evading police warrant for child molestation. Speaker Of Syrian Parliament Urges Boehner To Help Prevent U.S. Military Strike Centreright wins Norway election In a rapid and remarkable chain of events, Syria welcomed the idea of turning over all of its chemical weapons for destruction on Monday, Mexico, beset by obesity and diabetes, to consider a tax on soft drinks John Kerry tells Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov his comments about Syria averting a U.S. military strike by turning over its chemical weapons were rhetorical and not meant to be a proposal Syria welcomes Russia's proposal to hand over its chemical weapons A 500YrOld Bank in Italy is Teetering & Threatens to Take the Rest of the Countrys Financial System with it  Compared to the wreckage in Cyprus, Ireland, Portugal & Spain, Italian lenders have gotten off relatively lightly. Until now. 22yearold protester dies in Turkey protests Syrian Parliament Letter To The US Congress International experts have strong proof images of chemical victims fabricated  Russian Foreign Ministry reports. Woah  enough water found underground in Kenya to supply whole country for 70 years. Big implications for East Africa Snowden Nominated for Freedom of Thought Prize Members of the European Parliament are officially nominating fugitive US leaker Edward Snowden for a prize celebrating freedom of thought, a parliamentary representative said Wednesday. A brutal rape case has pushed the citizens of India past the point of blissflul ignorance to outrage Thanks to a combination of wind, solar, and nuclear power, Germany is producing so much energy that generating companies need to pay customers to take their surplus power. NASA will begin producing its own food in orbit for the first time ever  The lettuce will be grown under brightpink LED lights, ready to harvest after just 28 days. Body doubles in China Rich pay poor to serve prison sentences 89% Pakistanis say suicide bombing is never justified PEW report British parliament debating a bill that proposes mandatory service  charitable or miliitary  for 18to26yearolds. The food the world wastes accounts for more greenhouse gas emissions than any country except for China and the US. Every year about a third of all food for human consumption, around 1.3 billion tons, is wasted, along with all the energy, water and chemicals needed to produce it and dispose of it German support for small business has kept its economy thriving as the rest of Europe languishes in recession (xpost from r/economics) The Chinese education ministry tries to ban homework The ministrys proposed guidelines, would ban written homework for any child up to the age of 12, and ban exams for children up to the age of nine. North and South Korea have agreed to reopen the Kaesong joint industrial zone next week, officials in Seoul say. Confirmed Greenland reached hottest temperature in modern record this summer Spanish Catalonia to press independence bid with a 400 Km human chain Crude that exploded in Quebec train wreck was mislabelled in North DakotaCanadian transportation investigators have alerted U.S. regulators that the train of North Dakota crude that unleashed a deadly fireball in LacMgantic contained explosive oil that was improperly labelled Russia 'to renew offer to supply S300s to Iran' For six years, a Yahoo forum had been used to essentially traffic dozens of children adopted from across the world after their new parents grew tired of them. When Reuters uncovered the practice, Facebook neglected to shut down a similar group, claiming it is a method of problem solving. Syrian warplanes bomb rebel suburbs of Damascus for the first time in 3 weeks, in an offensive that opposition activists say shows Assad no longer fears attack by the US Once touted as an economic miracle, faltering India cannot provide jobs for millions of university graduates. Meanwhile, employers complain they don't have the skills anyway. Hello, Michele, its Pope Francis. The Pope is surprising the faithful by randomly calling those who write him letters. Muslim clerics issue fatwa banning photography as unIslamic Russia Says UN Resolution Proposal 'Unacceptable' Woman In Sudan Refuses To Wear Hijab, Faces Flogging Land of the Tomb Raiders Reallife vampires, giant rock vaginas, ancient sites to rival Greece & Rome  Bulgarias archaeologists are trying to stop the mafia stealing its treasures. Bulgaria is trying to claw back thousands of ancient artifacts plundered in 25mayr export racket. Australia Under New Management. Fundamentally, Abbott proposes to turn the clock back 30 years on environmental protection. Vladamir Putin's OpEd in the New York Times on America and Syria Vodafone Germany has been hacked. Banking data of 2 million customers stolen. God's mercy has no limits Pope Francis tells atheists to abide by their own consciences Tesla Model S is now Norway's most sold car. Assad confirms chemical weapons handover NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel | World news CIA begins weapons delivery to Syrian rebels Syrian Rebels Slit Throat of Christian Man Who Refused To Convert To Islam, Taunt Fiance, Jesus Didnt Come To Save Him '9/11 was an inside jo says Italian member of parliament on floor of house. Syria Expert Cited by Kerry, McCain Fired for Lying about Academic Credentials Anonymous Hacker flees to Canada, says he's being set up with child porn charges. Mayhem as MP fires AK47 at colleague in Jordans parliament The Syria researcher whose Wall Street Journal oppiece was cited by John Kerry and John McCain during congressional hearings about the use of force in Syria has been fired from the Institute for the Study of War for lying about her resume. American holed up in Canada denies child porn charges, claims to be founding member of Anonymous Strain of HIV virus found in monkeys is cleared by vaccine  Vaccine could be used on humans in clinical trials within 2 yrs Genetically Modified Insects Scientists plan to launch thousands of GM insects into fields as alternative to using chemicals A million and a half people form a 400 km long human chain in Catalonia supporting independence from Spain Syria will send documents to UN to sign chemical arms accord  Assad Companies found guilty of rigging market benchmarks like Libor could be fined the equivalent of 15 percent of their turnover under a European Union law approved on Tuesday. New Australian government is removing environmental programs even if they make a profit. Iran says it will cooperate with U.N. nuclear watchdog 20 yr old man found living in forest for 16 yrs Muslim girl must go to swimming lessons  German court Catalans form 400km human chain to ask for independence Pope Francis wants to drive. Italian priest gives him '84 Renault with a stick shift Malawi will use $15m from the sale of the country's presidential jet to feed the poor and grow crops to fight malnutrition Indian court sentenced four men to death for gang raping and murdering a student in the capital Delhi Baby elephant in China rejected by mom wept inconsolably I hope Putin has taken adequate protections. Now that he is a Russian journalist his life may be in grave danger!  Garry Kasparov Fukushima not under control, says TEPCO official US consulate attacked by Taliban The Honduran govt has granted more than 7% of its territory to the indigenous Miskito communities who live on the land, an initiative intended to help them protect their forests. It represents an acknowledgment of the rights of the most neglected citizens in one of the hemispheres poorest countries Assad Israel should be first to disarm Russia warns of 'catastrophe' if N.Korea restarts reactor Steam seen at Fukushima nuclear reactor  Vapour has begun rising again from a reactor at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, more than twoandahalf years after its core melted down Al Qaeda calls for attacks inside United States Pope Francis, then Jorge Bergoglio, ran secret network to save dissidents, while a militarybacked dictatorship in Argentina was conducting a clandestine war Syria Massacre? Nusra Front Fighters Reportedly Kill Women, Children, Elderly Men In Alawite Village (xpost) Nine men accused of a range of sexual offences against a teenage girl have walked free from court after the cases against them were dropped because of Twitter evidence The war in Syria has reached the point where a person can be mercilessly killed in front of hundreds of peoplewho enjoy the spectacle. Russia to expand Mediterranean fleet to 10 warships  Navy chief Ugandan girl serves sixhour jail term for killing rapist father British Banks Going Consumer Friendly1 thing that keeps people from switching banks is that it's a pain. Starting Monday, customers can switch banks within 7 business days. Banks must handle moving accounts & make sure automatic bill payments & transfers are shifted to customer's new bank. Spacemen 'flew blind' from space station as sensors failed  The three crew of the International Space Station (ISS) who returned to Earth this week endured a hairraising descent after their height sensors failed. UK statistics show 56,257 people were detained under counterterrorism powers at Britain's ports and airports in one year A South Korean man who was abducted by North Korea 41 years ago has managed to return home, officials in Seoul say. Ireland and other countries that colluded with the kidnapping and torture of terror suspects by the CIA must investigate and atone for their actions, the Council of Europes human rights chief has said. [repost r/IrishNews] More than 250 people are arrested in Chile after protesters marking the 40th anniversary of the 1973 military coup clash with police. Jordanian MP fires AK47 at colleague in parliament Assad We'll give up chemical weapons once U.S. stops arming rebels  Middle East Israel News FBI Admits It Controlled Tor Servers Behind Mass Malware Attack US and Russia agree Syria arms deal Woman sentenced to four years for levelling false charge of rape against man who committed suicide as a result of the accusation Kim Dotcom sues New Zealand for $7 million over illegal spying, raid The Sex Party is within a nudge and a wink of getting a senator up in Tasmania Our five main policies are legalising and taxing marijuana, euthanasia, taxing the church, abortion as a national health policy and censorship'' Girl Shot In Head By Taliban For Attending school Is Raising $500 Million For Syrian Refugees LA Times Israel is also believed to have a chemical weapons stockpile and won't ratify the Chemical Weapons Convention... Shark fin banned at official Hong Kong functions Japan's premier is criticized for telling Olympic committee that Fukushima leaks are under control Roman Catholic priest injured in Zanzibar acid attack, a month after two British teenage girls were victims of a similar acid attack there. NSA gets data from Germanys domestic security agency  reports Brazil's president asked legislators on Thursday to urgently vote on a bill that would force foreign companies to store all data about their Brazilian clients on servers based in the country, a move seen as essential for user security after repeated reports of Internet spying by the U.S. in Brazil Thousands of Polish labor union members are marching through Warsaw throwing smoke grenades and blowing whistles to show the level of their discontent with the government's labor and wage policies I would have burnt my daughter alive for premarital sex Delhi gangrape lawyer Al Qaeda faction in Syria announces offensive on fellow rebels Tribesmen blow up Yemen's main oil export pipeline Putin's press secretary is baffled by Washington's reaction on the opinion piece in The New York Times Democracy implies competition, but sometimes one gets a feeling that the U.S. have long forgotten it. Vice Chancellor's Daughter Skipped 343 spots to receive medical school admission at University of Queensland U.S. military confirms Syrian Rebels had Sarin, a type of chemical weapon German chancellor candidate gives middle finger during interview and allows the photo to be published shortly before the election Syria attacks hospitals, denies healthcare as 'weapon of war' U.N. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov say they have reached an agreement on a framework for securing Syria's chemical weapons after the third day of intense negotiations in Geneva. Kenya Army Man, KWS Staffer Shot Over Poaching. The KWS Ngulia Rhino sanctuary attendant...is behind the killing of rhinos in Ngulia. Kenya has lost 214 elephants and 36 rhinos to poaching this year. 100,000 Poles in antigovt march, threaten strike Eli Lilly Sues Canada For 'Lost Profits' Because Canada Rejected Their Patents Fisa judge Snowden's NSA disclosures triggered important spying debate; orders government to review rules on surveillance, says further declassification would protect court's integrity Italian journalist who was kidnapped by rebels calls Syria hell and says rebels are power hungry Islamists Pope Francis Angelus address We should forgive and show mercy. If we live according to the rule an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. We will never overcome the spiral of evil. A gay man in Russia was violently beaten then raped with a bottle, because the attackers wanted the victim to repent for his sins. Abu Ghraib Torture Victims Ordered To Pay U.S. Contractors Legal Fees Yemen's human rights minister wants child marriage outlawed after an 8yearold girl reportedly died of internal injuries that she suffered on her wedding night. 'Follow the Money' NSA Spies on International Payments The US' NSA agency is interested in international payments processed by companies including Visa, SPIEGEL has learned. It has even set up its own financial database to track money flows through a tailored access operations division Ivory campaign in China raising awareness of elephant massacres. 70% of Chinese didn't realise ivory came from dead elephants. Frustrated professors convince elementary schools to step back from new math and go back to basics Australia could become the first major nation to outlaw smoking Google's Eric Schmidt says government spying is the nature of our society, declines to pass judgment on spying operations A B.C. deer famous for playing with preschoolers and nuzzling vacationers was killed by conservation officers this week because it was deemed to be too friendly. South Korea to get 450meter 'invisible' tower, cloaked by LED imageprojection system Yemen's human rights minister calls for child marriage ban Endless Fukushima catastrophe 2020 Olympics under contamination threat What happens when you roll a giant cruise liner upright after it's been rusting in the sea for 20 months? We'll find out at daybreak when the capsized 'Costa Concordia' is to be uprighted. It crashed off a Tuscan island taking 32 lives. Perspectives Fukushima is, in this disaster, pumping out around one quarter of the radiation that a coal plant does in normal operation. India successfully tests nuclearcapable ballistic missile with ability to reach Japan, Moscow, Greece and all of China Brazil will probably scale down its plans for new nuclear plants due to safety concerns following the 2011 radiation leak in Japan and pick up some of the slack with a revolution in wind power A bill was introduced to the British Parliament for the second time earlier this week that if successful, would push for national service for 1826 year olds. Beachcomber finds message in a bottle dating back to 1906. ( possible new world record ) Beheaded in front of children Alleged Assad thugs dragged to their doom and butchered like animals One of Nigeria's most senior Anglican clerics, who was kidnapped by armed men more than a week ago, has been freed. Iran and UN sign agreement on Syria assistance At least 28 killed in wave of attacks in Iraq, including more than a dozen car bombs; head of Baghdad's provincial council escapes assassination Turkey shot down Syrian helicopter at border Kerry and McCains favorite Syria expert fired for faking credentials NSA possibly involved in major Belgian telecom hack Top North Korean officials daughter defects Israel has 80 nuclear warheads, can make 115 to 190 more, report says The NSA has been widely monitoring international banking and credit card transactions, a new report says referencing Edward Snowdens leak Rallies Across Canada Ask Canadians to Stand Up for Science A national nonpartisan group comprised largely of scientists, journalists and citizens is asking the govt to reverse what it sees as disconcerting trends in how science has been treated in Canada since Conservatives took power in 2006 Canadian scientists protest against government censorship  Rules bar government researchers from talking about their own work with journalists and even fellow researchers New Australian Prime Minister unveils new Cabinet No ministers for Science, Early Childhood, Energy, Disability, Climate, Mental Health, Youth, Status of Women and Aged Care. Border Protection added to Immigration Turkey confirms Syrian rebels with Al Qaida ties sought chemical weapons Veils are not appropriate in classrooms or airport security, says Nick Clegg Syria nearly half rebel fighters are jihadists or hardline Islamists, says IHS Jane's report Murdoch Newspapers Wage coordinated international campaign of Climate Warming Denial Inside the mind of NSA chief Gen Keith Alexander; A lavish Star Trek set he had built as part of his Information Dominance Center is endlessly revealing Mexico 'really mad' at Canada for imposing travel visas  'Canada has the most stringent visa system for Mexicans of any country in the world' Former NSA and CIA director says terrorists love using Gmail Discovery of Russian spy in Canadian navy set off sabotage fears. Faced with being swamped by the ocean, Pacific state looks to become worlds first floating nation [NSA] Court documents released this week show that after its first three years of operation, the best the intelligence establishment could show the judge overseeing the program was that it had led to opening three new preliminary investigations Israel quietly treats wounded Syrians 'Elephant angels' take up crusade to destroy Hong Kong tusk stockpile. Two young girls are leading a renewed call for Hong Kong to destroy its massive stockpile of illegally poached elephant tusks. (via South China Morning Post). First Mexican openly gay mayor inaugurated in the city of Fresnillo Church of England has up to 10m invested in arms firm Outrage grows in Pakistan over rape of 5yearold Russian Journalist Threatens to Out Closeted Politicians Professor Stephen Hawking backs assisted suicide Edward Snowden is in the running for a European human rights prize Sakharov Prize for freedom of thought, whose past winners include Nelson Mandela and Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi. UN report confirms sarin gas use in Syria Sugar is 'addictive and the most dangerous drug of the times' Soft drinks should carry tobaccostyle warnings that sugar is highly addictive and dangerous, a senior Dutch health official has warned. Angry entrepreneur replies to patent troll with racketeering lawsuit Eiji Toyoda, engineer who steered Toyota to global lead, dead at 100 Thailands cure for meth addiction? A leafy jungle stimulant  Seen as an emerging threat in the US, Kratom could wean addicts off meth, Thailands justice minister argues. Brazil Aims to Break from USCentric Internet Because of Washington's Spying  Many fear this is a potentially dangerous 1st step toward politically fracturing a global network built with minimal interference by govts. Guardian Story on Israel and N.S.A. Is Not Surprising Enough to Cover War crimes blamed on the Syrian opposition are predominantly being carried out by foreign fighters London's underground tube cleaners refuse new measures requiring them to clockin using fingerprint scanners The Oil Is Ours  But Its Secrets Are the NSAs. Reported U.S. spying on Brazils Petrobras oil firm revived the controversy over opening up the company, a symbol of Brazilian sovereignty since the 1950s, to foreign investment. Valentina Tereshkova, 76, first woman in space, seeks oneway ticket to Mars Inspectors catch Bristol prison officer denying meals to inmate as punishment  Surprise inspection finds HMP Bristol overcrowded, dirty and cockroachinfested with 'delinquent' staff Romanian Protesters Still Don't Want Gold Companies to Blow Up Their Mountains A United Nations mandated investigator has spotlighted unspeakable atrocities inflicted on political camp prisoners in North Korea, citing testimony from survivors who saw babies drowned or had to survive by eating lizards. Tokyo Electric Power Co. said it dumped about 1,130 tons of tainted rainwater Monday into the Pacific Ocean after it accumulated at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant due to a typhoon. Cambodian textile workers who supply UK clothing stores starving and suffering 'mass faintings' Austria gunman kills three including police and takes hostage Iran opens up Twitter and Facebook The NSA has hacked telecommunications firm Belgacom, targeting information concerning the principal organs of the EU in Brussels Japanese media declare dark times are on us The monthly Sapio has dire fears on that score. Japan, it says, is being swallowed up by a black society. Supporters rally for the French jeweller who was charged with murdering a fleeing thief. White House waives arms export rules for Syrian rebels (to send gas masks and hazmat suits) Report Iran set to shut down nuclear site in deal with West | JPost Child beauty contests have been banned in France to stop hypersexualisation of young girls. Two years in prison for anyone who tries to organise a pageant. Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff cancels october state dinner in US over NSA spying and plans speech on the United Nations to emphasize the need to maintain the neutrality of the internet and the prohibition of using it for espionage U.S. to seize Manhattan skyscraper secretly owned by Iran 13yearold Indian girl begins microbiology master's degree NYT editor on story about NSA giving all its data on Americans to Israel I didnt think it was a significant or surprising story An Indian minister jumps into a cold lake along with his guards and saves a family of six trapped in a sinking car French citizen arrested in Cairo just for breaking the curfew is then beaten to death by his cell mates David Attenborough Sending food to famineridden countries is army'. Veteran broadcaster has called for a debate on population control Daddy's Girl How An African 'Princess' Banked $3 Billion In A Country Whose Citizens Are Living On $2 A Day Half The World's Richest Women Are Chinese European Parliamentarians Call for SWIFT Suspension Revelations the US is spying on international bank transfers has angered European parliamentarians. Some are calling for the suspension of the SWIFT deal between the EU and US. 'Washington must make clear where it stands,' says one. Facebook apologizes for dating site ad with photo of Rehtaeh Parsons with meet Canadian girls and women for dating, friendship and relationships. Parsons killed herself after being sexually assaulted then subsequently bullied on Facebook. A German neonazi party has sparked outrage by sending mock oneway airline tickets to politicians with migrant roots, urging them to go home Brazilian Press Assoc gives Intl Human Rights Prize to Assange, Snowden, Manning, Glenn Greenwald, Swartz & Vanunu Passenger train collides with bus in Canada's capital Ottawa, at least five people killed N. Korea in grip of 'ice' plague new report claims drug producers are finding a ready market closer to home and that as many as twothirds of North Koreans have used methamphetamines 22 Tons of Fake Beef Seized in China 400 Richest Americans Worth More Than GDP of Canada or Mexico US can access NZ fingerprint info. in new deal. Since 199091, Australians have enjoyed the longest period of economic expansion unbroken by recession of any developed country ever. That expansion may be coming to an end. King WillemAlexander delivered a message to the Dutch people from the government Tuesday in a nationally televised address the welfare state of the 20th century is gone. In its place a participation society is emerging, in which people must take responsibility for their own future. Soldiers are developing relationships with their battlefield robots, naming them, assigning genders, and even holding funerals when they are destroyed. 14yearold rape victim commits suicide in India after being pressured to marry her alleged rapist Defense Analyst Report AlQaedaType, Jihadists Make Up Half of Syrian Rebels Two guard dogs that protected Prince William on RAF duty are destroyed days after he quits service because they could not be redeployed or rehomed Pope Francis says Catholic Church too obsessed with abortion, gay marriage and contraception. Australia's new Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, has just dissolved the Climate Commission, as part of his stance about climate change being being a false idea Syria just became a threeway war Islamist rebels attack nonIslamist rebels Pope Francis says the church should be home for all and not a small chapel focused on doctrine, orthodoxy and a limited agenda of moral teachings. Amazing scenes across Greece and in Athens. A large anarchist/antifascist block of 30004000 people is heading towards Golden Dawns offices in Nikaia. Golden Dawns offices are being smashed. People are chanting the blood is running, it seeks revenge. Hiroshi Yamauchi, former Nintendo president who transformed a small playing cards company into a global video game giant, has died at 85. Turkish government hiring 6,000 young Twitter users to post propaganda Greece moves to ban farright Golden Dawn party Canadian Scientists push campaign for evidencebased decision making from government Evangelist Pat Robertson Exploited PostGenocide Rwandans For Diamonds Netflix exec Canadas broadband caps almost a human rights violation It's just harmless fun, says terrifying clown who has been stalking an English town for a week In the Netherlands today, local ISPs are arguing that not only is DNS and IP address blocking both disproportionate and ineffective, but denies subscribers free access to information and runs counter to an EU ruling against filtering the Internet Developer Destruction of PreInca Pyramid Goes Unpunished  I was desperate & climbed the hill to tell the watchman to call the police. When it happened, I felt a deep pain, as this is part of my country, they are destroying my identity, my culture & this is an act of treason against our nation. Tens of millions of elderly Chinese are being left behind by the countrys transformation, suffering poverty, illness and depression. It has become such a serious problem that the Chinese government put into effect a law allowing parents to sue their children if they failed to visit and support them Tepco successfully lobbied against a proposed ground water barrier wall two months after Fukushima because the cost could have stirred speculation it would be driven into bankruptcy. Rhino poaching kingpin arrested in South Africa Pope Francis Church can't interfere with gays Mugabe wants rapists castrated, says that which makes him rape, must go Brazil looks to break from U.S.centric Internet Europe is Wiping Out its Seabass Population, Thanks in Part to Trendy Chefs  Posh diners are swallowing up yet another species from the ocean. The population of the once populous fish has plummeted 32% since 2009 & has hit a 20yr low. Sir David Attenborough If we do not control population, the natural world will British scientists claim to have found proof of alien life Go and live in the forest! Turkish PM tells environmental activists Iran's president Rouhani We will never develop nuclear weapons  has full authority to make a deal with the West on the disputed atomic program. Mother given jail sentence for sending her son, named Jihad, to school wearing a T shirt with the words 'I am a bom and 'Born on 9/11' on it. She said it was a joke. WikiLeaks leaks The Fifth Estate script, says Most of the events depicted never happened, or the people shown were not involved in them. He called climate change crap  now Australias new Prime Minister abolishes watchdog A porpoise slaughter 7x larger than Taiji's 'The Cove' is about to begin. Kenya poachers to be named and shamed online. Smoking to be banned in UK prisons in 2014 British Spy Agency GCHQ Hacked Belgian Telecoms Firm 2,000YrOld Warrior Grave & 5 Spears Found in England at Site Soon to be Golf ClubhouseThe warrior was a member of the Catuvellauni tribe from the time of the Roman conquest of Britain. 5.3 magnitude earthquake near Fukushima nuclear plant Tunisian girls return home pregnant after sexual jihad in Syria Due to the economic crisis, some exprisoners are committing crimes to get back into prison. NASA Curiosity Rover Detects No Methane on Mars. A huge blow in hope on finding life on the planet's surface. President of Iran Hassan Rouhani OpEd In Washington Post Time to engage France erupts over manslaughter charges against jeweller who killed robber 5.8 Magnitude Earthquake hits Japan near the same Fukushima Nuclear Plant France suggests it is ready to give weapons to Syrian rebels US judge accepts Halliburton's guilty plea for destroying evidence in Gulf oil spill probe. Pope Wants 'Airport Bishops' Grounded Pope Francis on Thursday [19 September 2013] lashed out at what he called the scandal of 'airport bishops', urging his peers to remain rooted in their dioceses and spend less time seeking the spotlight. Children find 10 handcuffed, blindfolded corpses in Baghdad Russia 'seizes' Greenpeace ship after Arctic rig protest Member states of the UN nuclear agency voted down an Arabbacked resolution targeting the Jewish state for criticism over its clandestine nuclear weapons arsenal. President Obama may meet Iranian President Rouhani in NY! US Denies Venezuela's President Airspace Access For China Trip British Banks to block internet porn sites Websites which fail to stop children accessing pornography will have payments to them blocked by banks and credit card companies as part of a government plan to help clean up the internet, The Telegraph has learnt. Putin says he may seek 4th presidential term WikiLeaks released 249 documents from 92 global intelligence contractors. These reveal how, US, EU and developing world intelligence agencies have rushed into spending millions on nextgeneration mass surveillance technology to target communities, groups and whole populations. North Korean coast guard opens fire on Russian vessel [xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews] Ecuador US has seemingly denied visas to a delegation that was set to travel to the UN General Assembly in New York to present their case regarding an ongoing dispute against ChevronTexaco. NASA declared the Deep Impact mission lost on Friday, after a computer glitch doomed the cometsmashing spacecraft. Greece is moving to effectively outlaw the extremeright Golden Dawn party by asking prosecutors to declare it a criminal organization...It presented prosecutors with a legal file that it says it acted as an organized ganga felony under Greece's penal codeand declaring it a threat to public order As crime rises, French rally behind jeweller who shot and killed armed robber Pope urges Catholic doctors to refuse abortions Israel army roughs up EU envoys on West Bank aid trip for Palestinians Gunmen attack Kenyan shopping centre leaving at least 15 people dead Beware Of Data Spying, Former NSA Official Warns Canadians 'Every democracy is going this way,' William Binney, a former technical director of the U.S. National Security Agency [NSA], said ahead of a planned trip to a civilliberties conference in Toronto [Canada] Syria declares its chemical weapons arsenal, first step in USRussian deal Yale Professor Fukushima Unit 4 pool in perilous condition  All of humanity will be threatened for thousands of years if not able to be kept cool Diplomats from a number of European countries and the UN have reacted angrily after Israeli soldiers intervened to prevent them delivering aid to Bedouins in the West Bank Obama to nominate Goldman Sachs partner Bruce Heyman as new ambassador to Canada In Spain, website owners can now get six years in prison for linking to copyrighted material Israeli soldier, missing for 24 hours, found murdered in West Bank.Palestinian admitted that he lured the soldier into the West Bank and murdered him in order to trade his body for the release of his incarcerated brother. White Muslim convert planned to steal bodyguard's gun and murder Prince Harry for having lood on his hands' Two UK universities ban Blurred Lines for promoting rape culture On Internet, Brazil is beating US at its own game an analysis of what Brazil is doing against NSA spying Trafficking case against Saudi princess dismissed Tunisian women have traveled to Syria to have sex with rebel fighters, a practice known as sexual jihad. AntiEuro Party Gaining Steam in Germany. Why are so many Westerners homeless in Thailand? Pope Francis sets out vision for more gay people and women in 'new' church Danish engineers plan to send astronaut into space in homemade rocket made from cork, duct tape More workers will die building World Cup infrastructure than players will take to the field, an article on the mistreatment of migrant workers in the runup to the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar 'Naming the Dead' project will name and number people killed by drone airstrikes to challenge CIA claims of no civilian deaths in Pakistan Chinese law criminalizes online posts that are read by more than 5,000 people or reblogged more than 500 times 'All Muslims leave... we only want to kill nonMuslims' Gunmen massacre at least 22 in Kenyan shopping mall after releasing anyone who could prove they were Islamic by reciting a prayer Pope attacks global economics for worshipping 'god of money' Teaching union furious as Islamic free school staff are told they must wear hijab even if they are not Muslim NSA Fallout Officials are now talking about laying fibreoptic cables to Latin American countries and Europe so that Brazils international online traffic bypasses the United States North Korean collapse inevitable, according to new report. A collapse would risk civil war, a humanitarian crisis or even war with China when China moves to annex territory. Uruguay First To Fully Legalize Marijuana Saudi Arabian women call new day of defiance against driving ban Israeli troops attack EU diplomats, seize West Bank aid material Israeli forces join Kenya battle to end deadly mall siege Indias Mars Mission to be launched on Oct 28 When the terrorist attack started at a Nairobi mall, photographer Tyler Hicks from the NY Times was right next door. Here's his report France will introduce a levy on nuclear energy as well as a tax on carbon emissions from fossil fuels to raise billions needed to boost renewable power and improve energy efficiency Muslim groups oppose ban on child marriage 64 people were killed and 143 others wounded in car bomb attacks in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad on Saturday, police said. Major US security company warns over NSAsubverted encryption protocol; RSA sends email to global customers over default random number generator which uses weak formula A Berlin judge has banned a Muslim lawyer from wearing a headscarf in his courtroom stating she should show religious neutrality. The lawyer, who has not been named, was told by a judge three times that she was not allowed to wear a headscarf in court. 400% More Fukushima plant workers show health problems (VIDEO) Chinas Fallen Politician Bo Xilai Sentenced to Life Imprisonment Ancient Woodland in Kent to be Uprooted for Quarry  Ruling comes despite allegations of political & legal bullying & outburst of foul language by minister Eric Pickles. 80 acres of woodland was condemned to be turned into a quarry to supply Kentish ragstone to a company. Switzerland referendum voters to keep army conscription Typhoon Usagi hits southern China. Storm brings travel chaos and puts nuclear power plant on alert, but spares Hong Kong after warnings of severe threat to city Latest Snowden Leaks Show GCHQ Gleefully Hacking Belgian Telco ...the British wanted to use this access for complex attacks (Man in the Middle attacks) on smartphone users. The head of GCHQ's NAC described Operation Socialist in the presentation as a success. 618 Rhinos killed already in South Africa this year. In 2007 only 13 were poached. German Election Merkel Wins Third Term, Exit Polls Suggest 50,000 Bangladeshi garment workers strike over inhuman wages They earn about $38 a month. They are demanding a raise to $103 a month. Commander of al Qaeda in Iraq has been killed in Syria. Muslim Brotherhood activities banned in Egypt Indian shot in Nairobi mall for failing to answer What is the name of Muhammad's mother? In central Mexico, it's allout war in the streets for control of an entire state that's run and terrorized by a drug cartel NPR The U.S. Has More Guns, But Russia Has More Murders $270 million worth of cocaine found on Air France flight Pussy Riot's Tolokonnikova writes about the conditions in her Mordovian prison, and why she is going on hunger strike. Swedish Police Discovered Having Illegal Database Of Romani, Including Children Suicide Bombers kill 72 in Church in Pakistan 25 Palestinian women killed in 'honor' crimes in 2013 New Zealand schools put science in the toohard basket Scientists are alarmed as a growing number of schools considering ditching science from the compulsory curriculum because it is too difficult for some pupils. The missing $3.1B no one is asking about in Canada Kenyan and Israeli forces battle to clear Islamist Al Qaeda terrorists from Nairobi, Kenya mall. Those Killed by terrorists include citizens of Britain, Australia, New Zealand, the US, Canada, France, China, India, Ghana and the Netherlands Poland seizes private pension funds to reduce government debt Global HIV infections among children cut in half since 2001 Five months after the devastating fire that killed more than 1,100 clothes factory staff in Bangladesh, an investigation by Panorama (BBC) has found evidence of employers abusing workers rights. Egypt Bans Muslim Brotherhood Group 'Snowden believes he did everything right'  lawyer Anatoly Kucherena Veiled vote Burka ban approved in Italianspeaking Switzerland India among top targets of spying by NSA What constitutes a state secret will be left to the discretion of the government and those who obtain such information can be punished under a bill being prepared by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's administration, worrying critics about infringements on the public's right to know. CyberPoachers Hack GPS Collar Data to Pinpoint Tigers  While most illegal hunters faced long days of bushwhacking through the jungle in hopes of spotting a tiger, a dangerous new breed of cybersavvy poachers are on the rise  using conservation tools to help target their ill You CANNOT masturbate publicly in Sweden. The earlier reports were just a mistake in translation. BP seeks to have Gulf Coast oil spill settlement payments suspended Brazilian president Rousseff launches tirade against US over NSA surveillance at United Nations 44kg of gold bars worth $2million were loaded onto the plane but when it landed they were missing... Air France in more trouble 4yearold British boy in Nairobi mall confronts armed terrorist, tells him You are a bad man. Terrorist begs for forgiveness. Stephen Fry joins demand to end NSA and GCHQ mass surveillance China will consume more processed food than the U.S. by 2015 Very big quake (7.8) in Pakistan creates new island! Link to pic included Google Launches 'Constitute' Site for Exploring World's Constitutions Untouchable girl raped. Woman police officer intimidates victim into not revealing rapist names Pope Francis orders excommunication of priest who spoke out against the church's positions on gay marriage and women becoming priests. Guys turned away from a nightclub in Russia return with automatic weapons and go on a five minute shooting spree while shouting Allah akhbar. Coral Alert destruction of reefs 'accelerating' with 1/2 destroyed over past 30 yrs  The ecosystem has been around for tens of millions of years & we are wiping it out within 100... & the trend is accelerating. Humankinds Most Dangerous Moment Fukushima Fuel Pool at Unit 4. This is an Issue of Human Survival. US military to stop updates on hunger strike at Guantanamo Bay China to lease 7.4 million acres of farmland in Ukraine for 50 years to keep up with rising food demand Hundreds riot at Foxconn's China factoryArmed workers at a Foxconn factory in China fight with counterparts from another province, resulting in dozens hospitalized and three reportedly killed EU not satisfied with US retorts on spying scandal Poland declines once again to answer questions on alleged CIA jails Speedy Trains Transform China  Just five years after the rail system opened, it is carrying nearly twice as many passengers as the country's domestic airline industry. Pakistan 7.8 earthquake on Sept. 24,2013 A 7.8 magnitude earthquake hit Pakistan at 1629 local time Tuesday. NSA accused of hacking into India's nuclear systems BBC News  China says it has banned the export to North Korea of several weaponrelated technologies which could be used in the development of nuclear weapons. Russia accuses Greenpeace crew of 'piracy' in Arctic Russian prosecutors have accused 30 Greenpeace activists of piracy and say they will prosecute all of them for trying to board an Arctic oil platform. Australian Broadcasting Commission's Media Watch Finds Murdoch Journalists in Publications across the Globe repeating each others mistakes and misinformation regarding the new IPCC Report Eddie Izzard declares he will stand for London mayor in 2020 1st Example of Whispering Observed in NonHuman Primates  Researchers noticed tamarin monkeys communicating with each other at a 'reduced amplitude' in the presence of zoo staff they disliked Iran president Were tired of war Retired British Marine who was having coffee at the mall when the violence broke out rushed in and out of the building 12 times to save around 100 people from the takeoverstyle massacre India to Build Largest Solar Plant in World  Its Incoming Solar Power Plant will be Bigger than US's 10 Biggest Combined. Plan to use 23,000 acres for it at 4GW of power. NSA planted bugs at Indian missions in D.C., U.N. Vigilante paedophile hunters are on the rise in the UK. Group Letzgo warns We are vigilantes, definitely. Were not working within the law. I would like to warn paedophiles we are coming for you and we will do our best to catch you. Poland should be merged with Germany, says former Polish president who led the country to freedom from Communism. Chinas wealthiest families score $720 billion in undeclared gray income  Gray income has reached staggering levels & is contributing to massive income inequality far worse than official statistics. Richest 10% make some 21 times more than poorest 10%. Greece targets its own police departments in crackdown against fascist Golden Dawn party Untouchable woman stripped and paraded in the streets by upper caste men to avenge an affront to their pride. Pirate Bay Founder Hacking Sentence Slashed in Half on Appeal, from two years to one. Corroding Our Democracy Canada Silences Scientists, Targets Environmentalists in Tar Sands Push Activists fight to preserve Beirut's Roman Heritage  Lebanese activists trying to stop construction of homes over a 2,000yearold chariot race track Irans New President, in First U.N. Appearance, Preaches Tolerance, Says His Country Is No Threat Roma people are like all EU citizens so they can live where they want, Europe warns France to stop kicking Roma out of the country NSA is targeting India's Nuclear, Space, and Political Programs Nation's strategic, commercial interests may have been compromised Qatar Airways has come under scrutiny on Wednesday after it was accused of forcing its female workers to seek permission from the company when they decide to get married. In a report released by ITF, the airline was found to also mandate that women tell a supervisor if they become pregnant. One person killed and two injured in West Papua as Indonesian police shoot at villagers who refused to cut hair and beards In first public letter since stepping down, expope Benedict denies covering up child sex abuse An underwater pyramidal structure identified in the Azores islands (60m high, 8K square meter) Zimbabwean authorities say at least 81 elephants have been killed by poachers using cyanide in water holes Signaling that he may be serious about cooperating with the United States and averting military strikes against his government, Syrian President Bashar Assad has disclosed the locations of dozens of chemical weapons production and storage sites to international inspectors. Rouhani to UN 'Imaginary Iranian threat propaganda' dangerous for world security The Canadian Forces is requiring wounded vets to sign a form acknowledging they wont criticize senior officers or discourage others in uniform with their comments on social media sites Iran's new president Yes, the Holocaust happened. Whatever criminality they committed against the Jews we condemn. The taking of human life is contemptible. It makes no difference whether that life is a Jewish life, Christian or Muslim. A fossil unearthed in China is hailed by scientists as the most significant paleontological discovery in decades. The Pope Says The World Worships A God Called Money Stunned mountaineer finds box of treasure containing jewels worth up to 330,000, buried in ice on glacier in Alps. PressTV  Move the United Nations headquarters out of the United States, Bolivian president says Revealed Qatar's World Cup 'slaves'  Abuse and exploitation of migrant workers preparing emirate for 2022 World Cup US puts pressure on India because of their cheap medicine that undercuts big pharma NSA spied on Indian embassy and UN mission, Edward Snowden files reveal Qatar World Cup construction 'will leave 4,000 migrant workers dead' Qatar's construction frenzy ahead of the 2022 World Cup is on course to cost the lives of at least 4,000 migrant workers before a ball is kicked, the International Trade Union Congress has claimed. Prominent Mexicans urge government to decriminalize marijuana NSA spying row bugging friends is unacceptable, warn Germans. Atheism to be taught to Irish schoolchildren Up to 16,000 primary school pupils in nondenominational sector will get tuition in atheism, while the rest will be offered courses on the internet and on smartphone apps 62% of Scottish people now feel only Scottish, with only 18% feeling Scottish and British Nearly one worker is dieing each day at the construction sites of the Fifa world championship stadiums in Qatar Violent clashes in Greece as thousands march against fascism Human Rights Watch urges Israel to stop displacing Bedouins US govt prevented drone strike victims from meeting with Congress, lawyer claims Hornet Attacks Kill 18 in China  Over 100 people stung by swarms of insects in Angkang city in Shaanxi province. People warned to be vigilant if they go into the woods. Zimbabwe poachers jailed 15 years for elephant poisoning. A Zimbabwe court on Wednesday sentenced three poachers to at least 15 years in prison each for poisoning and killing 81 elephants, state radio reported. Bolivian President Plans To Sue The US For Diverting Presidential Planes For the first time, the UN is allowing Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to use the headofstate chair Russia Says Sarin Gas in Aug. 21 Syria Attack was 'Homemade' Israel on sidelines as world rushes to embrace Iran's Rouhani A 14yearold rape survivor was allegedly forced to strip at a police station in eastern Uttar Pradesh, India, apparently to prove that she was sexually assaulted. Human remains found on Costa Concordia The Curiosity Rover just found water on Mars Researchers Sonar mapping for oil near Madagascar killed 100 whales The death of a young Saudi during a car chase by the countrys religious police has stirred uproar on the social media, especially after it became known that the involved members of the Saudi religious police fled the scene of the accident. Malala Yousafzai tells UN to send books, not guns. Instead of sending weapons, instead of sending tanks to Afghanistan and all these countries which are suffering from terrorism, send books. Instead of sending tanks, send pens. Instead of sending soldiers, send teachers. The TomTato Plant which produces both potatoes and tomatoes launched in UK The Indian Supreme Court gives voters right to reject all candidates Syrian arsenal will be easier to diasarm than initially expected U.S. and Russia Say Majority of Syrian Chemical Arsenal Is Unweaponized Youre not the boss of the world Regular Iranian citizens speak directly to America The Palestinian village erased from the map Demolition of Makhul shows how Israelis are transforming the Jordan Valley, despite international condemnation Study Effectiveness Of U.S. Drone Strikes Doubtful Britain accused of trying to block EU data protection law Iran news agency slams CNN for fabricating Rouhanis Holocaust remarks IPCC climate report Global warming now 'unequivocal' Risky Repair of Fukushima Could Spill 15,000 Times the Radiation of Hiroshima, Create 85 Chernobyls Russian court orders Greenpeace activists to be held without charge  More than 20 people detained for up to two months over the protest against offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Canadian Man Gets 9 Yrs for Artifact TheftHe stole some 1,600 artifacts from museums, galleries, archives. We felt it was important to distinguish this case from simply a theft of electronics, which you can replace easily. He's agreed to forfeit his home, bank account, & seized artifacts. Fukushima plant's undersea radiation curtain ripped, TEPCO Damage was found Thursday on one of the undersea curtains installed near the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant to help contain radiation contamination, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said. Saudi Bankrolling of alQaeda Well Known to U.S. Government Kenya mall shooting Dozens of families unsure if loved ones are dead or alive. MoD study sets out how to sell wars to the public Want to stay alive in Lebanon? There's an app for that. Lebanese developers are designing applications to keep people safe as Syriarelated violence intensifies. Greek Special Forces present gov't with 15 demands including immediate resignation of government; urge march on square this Saturday Syria's Disneyland for Jihadists Foreign Islamists coming into Syria have been gathering in the relatively quiet north. But many of them are finding transit towns  with good food, video games and smoking  preferable to the front. When they do end up fighting, it's often with each other IPCC Report Australia Can Expect 6C Rise on Hottest Days  Reptile, bird and mammal species set to vanish along with Kakadu wetlands by end of century, scientists' report reveals Dictatorship 101 Dont Shut Off the Internet for a Day The Internet monitoring firm Renesys reports that Sudans Internet is back up after a 24hour complete blackout Drug Is Found to Eradicate HIV Permanently from Infected Cells Iranian President Hassan Rouhani returns to Tehran, and is greeted by 200300 supporters offering thanks for his conciliatory overtures to the West, while about 60 hardliners chanted 'Death to America' and hurled shoes and eggs at his convoy. An international team of sniper hitmen have been caught, plotting to murder a DEA agent and others; reads like a Tom Clancy novel. Greek police arrest Golden Dawn Party leader and a party lawmaker AlQaeda now controls more territory and can call on more fighters than at any time since bin Laden created the organization. Tunisia's Islamist Government Agrees To Step Down In Response To Mass Secular Protests In wake of gang rape, India sees rise of women only taxis, buses and parks Chinese police rescue 92 abducted children  Chinese police have rescued 92 abducted children and held 301 suspected members of a huge trafficking network, the authorities say. In the latest twist in a controversy that has divided Germans, a regional court has ruled that doctors need to discuss circumcision procedures with the child before they can be carried out. 2,700yearold Persian artifact returned by U.S. to Iran Record Label Picks Copyright Fight With The Wrong Guy Obama Announces Historic Phone Call With Iranian President Rouhani Bolivian President Morales  Obama can invade any country for US energy needs Britain and the US have betrayed their troops' Iraqi and Afghan interpreters Qatar World Cup 'Slaves' Dying At Shocking Rate (VIDEO) A Corporate Coup of a Different Order  The Growing Resistance to the TPP '...to characterize the TPP as a trade deal is imprecise.. it has less to do with the exchange of goods than with altering regulations covering medicine, agriculture, finance, IP, and labor and environmental standards.' Elephants being hunted down and advertised by NBC Hardline protesters hurled eggs and a shoe at President Hassan Rouhani of Iran as he returned to Tehran on Saturday after supporters cheered him for reaching out to President Obama. U.S., Iranian presidents have historic conversation,which was the first talk between the two countries' heads of state for more than 30 years, regarding the ongoing efforts to pursue a deal over Iran's nuclear program. Ominous Signs, Then a Cruel Attack The Westgate mall, which is owned by Israelis, was a glitzy mecca for rich Kenyans and expats, a symbol of Kenyas newfound decadence. Now 400 tons a day of toxic water is estimated to be entering Pacific from Fukushima plant; Up 100 tons from what Tepco previously claimed  Asahi Leakage of radioactive material is becoming serious China ends video game console ban with new Shanghai trade zone How hundreds of thousands of pet dogs are snatched in Thailand, smuggled into Vietnam, and eaten at Hanoi's top restaurants Seymour Hersh on death of Osama bin Laden Its one big lie, not one word of it is true The First Victim of Russia's AntiGay Law Is Dead Two American journalists known for their investigations of the United States' government said Saturday [28 September 2013] they've teamed up to report on the National Security Agency's role in what one called a 'U.S. assassination program.' In India, the Supreme Court has ruled that a NoneoftheAbove button must be included on electronic voting machines, allowing people to cast votes of no confidence in all candidates. 'It is time to end the war on drugs', says top UK police chief Mom who held down 4yearold son so stepfather could rape him gets 20 years Greatest threat to Muslim world is extremists who are using Islam as an excuse to commit violence Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak tells UN General Assembly Top Saudi cleric says women who drive risk damaging their ovaries Westgate Mall Photographer Goran Tomasevic If I Get Shot, I Get Shot. NSFW Islamists who demand their own shariah law and exemption from national law in Philippines tried to reignite civil war. 218 dead so far. Afghanistan opens up 1.5 Billion Barrels of Oil for production to the highest bidder. No takers. Britains harsh crackdown on Internet porn prompts freespeech debate 'Perhaps more than any other Western nation, critics say, Britain has become a test case for how and whether to more deeply police Internet images and social media in free societies.' 'Breast ironing' Girls have chests flattened out to disguise the onset of puberty Barbaric custom that takes place in Cameroon may have been imported to the UK The punishment was death by stoning. The crime? Having a mobile phone;This barbaric form of execution is on the rise, and campaigners are calling on the UN to act Slavery is banned in Nepal. But hidden behind the walls of city homes, some still keep young girls as slaves called kamlaris. Majority of French believe Roma should leave France Brazilian journalist getting arrested in US How I was handcuffed and arrested at Yale Law School Israel must sign nonnuclear treaty Egypt's FM BBC News  Germany's Siemens to axe 15,000 jobs 'We must be able to chuck out people who threaten our country' Cameron reveals Britain could leave human rights convention  The European Convention has been responsible for deeply controversial decisions including repeatedly blocking the deportation of radical cleric Abu Qatada. Boko Haram militants fire on sleeping students in college dorm in Nigeria A fifth of Hong Kongs population is living in poverty, underscoring the challenge Chief Executive Leung Chunying faces in seeking to narrow a record wealth gap. Bertolli Makes the Most of Barilla Chairman's AntiGay Comments Love & pasta for all! Italian centerright leader Silvio Berlusconi pulled his ministers out of the ruling coalition on Saturday, effectively bringing down the government of Prime Minister Enrico Letta and leaving Europe's thirdlargest economy in chaos. Fukushima disaster New information about worstcase scenarios. MSFs six hospitals and two clinics in Syria are conducting an average of 10,000 consultations and 430 surgical acts per month, while supporting 28 hospitals and 56 health clinics throughout Syria. All report dire shortages of essential medical supplies... (/r/doctorswithoutborders xpost) The Japanese government has asked local authorities and staterun universities not to post maps provided by Google Inc. on their websites because some of them include foreign place names that undermine Japans territorial claims, sources said Saturday. John McAfee reveals details on gadget to thwart NSA. And if the U.S. government bans its sale, I'll sell it in England, Japan, the Third World. This is coming and cannot be stopped. Pope Francis to 'rip up and rewrite' Vatican constitution Secret Cold War documents reveal NSA spied on US senators Swiss army trains for invasion by a bankrupt France looking for money Glenn Greenwald working on new NSA revelations  U.S. assassination program. South Africa on terror alert after the mastermind behind the Kenya terror attacks was spotted doing surveillance of Pretoria embassies. Brits now experiencing an unprecedented squeeze on living standards BP again fighting $18 billion (11.1bn) fine from the 2010 Deepwater Horizon Gulf oil spill in court Convicted earthquake scientist says he can't be blamed for 309 deaths Girls as young as 9 are forced into prostitution in Davao City in the Philippines Two degrees,one MA and now I clean SH*t in a foreign country,viral message by qualified young Spaniard strikes a chord with thousands of countrymen doing menial jobs overseas Jehovah's Witness teen loses appeal over lifesaving transfusion 'The Australian teenager, who is being treated for Hodgkin's Lymphoma, threatened to rip the IV needle from his arm and said it would be akin to rape if he was given a blood transfusion while under anaesthetic.' Cannabis for Kreuzberg A new Berlin Wall made of pot?  A proposal to legalize marijuana in a Berlin park is polarizing one of the citys hippest neighborhoods. Helping Build The Surveillance State Is Good Business Palantir Gets $196 Million More In Funding Email surveillance could reveal journalists' sources, expert claims. Phil Zimmermann, inventor of PGP encryption, urges shift away from consumer email Roma kids aged 10, forced into crime like military conscripts and Roma women bought and sold over their ability to steal, a court in France hears. Saudi Arabia Outraged At Obama's Peace Overtures With Syria, Iran 32% of all food in the UK is wasted. It's estimated that Tesco alone waste 130,000 tonnes of food per year but state that the problem lies with distribution and the consumer. Peres Israel will consider joining chemical weapons ban treaty French were 'hours' from military strikes on Syria before phone call from Obama Nasa plans first 3D printer space launch in 2014 Hassan Rouhani suggests resuming direct flights between Iran and US Terrified Muslims hid in their homes in northwest Myanmar on Monday after armed police dispersed a Buddhist mob that torched houses and surrounded a mosque in the latest outbreak of sectarian tension Suicide bomber kills 40 at Iraq mosque | Reuters US gives milliondollar cup back to Iran ExMicrosoft privacy chief I don't trust Microsoft after NSA revelations, says he was unaware of Prism datasharing program when he worked there US leaker Edward Snowden among 3 finalists for EU's top human rights prize A CEO who resisted NSA spying is out of prison. And he feels vindicated by Snowden leaks. Age of Unreason The governments of Britain, Canada and Australia are trying to stamp out scientific dissent. German writer and NSAcritic is not allowed to enter the US A superpower has paralyzed itself. The unthinkable has happened.  Europe reacts to US government shutdown Korean minister blasts Japan for covering up Fukushima radiation leak Snowden to EU Whistleblowers need protection, Surveillance of whole populations is one of the greatest challenges facing human rights Report Cheaper, purer illegal substances suggest global war on drugs is failing NYC Accountant Gets 18 Years for Aiding alQaida Siberian tigers making a comeback in China Peru exports more illegal gold than cocaine, and its the worlds biggest exporter of cocaine NSA stores metadata of millions of web users for up to a year, secret files show A kiss between two women gets them arrested in Brazil. US shutdown has other nations puzzled NSA spied on Martin Luther King, Muhammad Ali, Protestors of Vietnam War Operation Minaret Venezuela kicks out three U.S. diplomats, alleges plot to sabotage economy Saudi Men Buying Syrian Refugee Children as Brides and Prostitutes The Indian lawyer for two of the four Delhi gangrapists sentenced to hang last week has criticised the victim's parents for allowing her to go out at night with a boy and claimed he would have burned her alive if she had been his daughter. NSA May Not Be Collecting Your Location Data From Telco Dragnet... Because It Gets It From Your GPS Qatar World Cup 2022 70 Nepalese workers die on building sites Nepal has said that 70 of its migrant workers constructing facilities for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have died on building sites since the start of 2012. War on illegal drugs failing Illegal drugs are cheaper and purer globally than at any time over the last 20 years Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize Obama, after meeting Israel PM, says 'no options off the table' on Iran At U.N., Syria compares rebel violence to 9/11 attacks How can some countries, hit by the same terrorism we are suffering now in Syria, claim to fight terrorism in all parts of the world while supporting it in my country? South Korean carmaker Hyundai Motor will defer payments due from US federal employees impacted by the partial government shutdown. Australia had a government shutdown once, in 1975. It ended with the Queen firing everyone in Parliament. FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner Saudi Arabia gives 20 lashes punishment to man for beating wife BBC response to government shutdown Even in the middle of its ongoing civil war, the Syrian government has continued to pay its bills and workers wages Heron is now 74% cheaper in Europe than it was in 1990 due to a failing global drug policy. Greek woman who went to Golden Dawn neoNazi group for support speaks up. They talked of beating up gay and darkskinned people. A party member came to visit me. He offered to break someone's arm and leg for 300 euros. Ignite a car for 1,000 euros. Hospitalize someone for a month for 1,500 euros. A German writer is banned from the US for criticizing the NSA Thousands in Japan reported to be suffering massive and recurring nosebleeds in recent days  Gundersen Japan doctors tell us, We know our patients have radiation illness but forced to keep it secret (VIDEO) Japan Aims to Beam Solar Energy Down from Orbit  JAXA developing revolutionary concept to put power stations in orbit to capture sunlight & beam it to Earth. It wouldn't deplete resources & it'd be unaffected by time of day or weather & provide environmentally friendly, clean energy. Lavabit founder raises $20,000 to fund court battle Greenpeace activists charged with piracy by Russian authorities, could face 10 to 15 years in prison for oil rig protest Tom Clancy dead at age 66 The True Size Of The Shadow Banking System Revealed (Spoiler Humongous) The Dominican Republic's top court has ruled that children born after 1929 to Haitian migrants be stripped of citizenship and deported. UK's first AllMuslim school AlMadinah closes after inspection Iran considers end to Death to America Highly dangerous radioactive material stolen by burglar in Swords (Ireland) SomaliCanadian arrested for allegedly beheading 4 sons in Somalia | CTV News Almost 1,000 people killed in Iraq last month, UN says A Belgian man has been killed by medical euthanasia after claiming that a botched sex change operation had turned him into a monster Japan fastfood chain to grow food 100 km from wrecked nuclear plant Tokyo Electric Power Co. said about four tons of radioactive water spilled out of a tank at its stricken Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power station on Tuesday. The water seeped into the ground around the tank, TEPCO officials said. Torture 'widespread' in Libyan jails  UN report Europe's Largest Internet Exchange Decides To Open US Office, Risks Making Itself Subject To NSA Demands