 Saudi preacher gets off light for raping, killing daughter New Saudi fatwah  baby girls must be veiled to stop sexual assault The Nordic countries are probably the bestgoverned in the world 
After 30 years, is a GM food breakthrough finally here? Golden rice, a new strain that boosts vitamin A levels and reduces blindness in developing countries, is about to be sown in the Philippines
 The saving of Timbuktus priceless manuscripts owes everything to the bravery of an unlikely group  librarians. German Left Party calls for a 100 percent tax on any income over 500,000 in their general election campaign Time Running out to Save Elephants from Ivory Trade  The new wave of killing of elephants in Africa is in many ways far graver than the crisis of the 1970s and 80s. Firstly there are fewer elephants, and secondly the demand for ivory is far higher.  A Saudi preacher who raped his fiveyearold daughter and tortured her to death has been sentenced to pay blood money to the mother after having served a short jail term Germany busts Iranian man arriving on a flight from Turkey with $70M Sweden's immigration Minister immigrant 'volumes' too high. SelfImmolations by Tibetans Approach 100, Some Are Asking if It Is Worth It There was a selfimmolation in Tunisia which was labeled the catalyst for the Arab Spring. And how come we have been given less support than what we witnessed in the Arab world? Egypt bodyguards take stand against sex assault; Amid a growing number of brutal attacks on women protesters in Egypt, one stood out A mob of men on Cairo's Tahrir Square raped a 19yearold woman with a sharp object, cutting her genitals in an attack that forced her to undergo emergency surgery. Eastern Syrian town lives under al Qaeda rules. 'They took control of the nearby alWard oil and gas field and also went straight for the grain silos. They control the resources, which gives them power' 17 year old daughter of Indian Farmer nominated for Science Award  Making Salt out of coconut palm petiole Minister Iceland refused to help FBI on WikiLeaks Woman who had acid thrown in her face by woman wearing Muslim Veil recalls ordeal Almost 100 SelfImmolations, yet No International Media Spotlight Maldives girl whose stepfather reportedly raped her charged with fornication Iran says it will resume nuclear talks in Kazakhstan
 The inventor of the Etch A Sketch died in France today President Assad accuses Israel of destabilising Syria Hollande mobbed by grateful Timbutuku residents 6.9magnitude earthquake hits northern Japan Thief helps Paris police snare 'Corsican gangster'  A man alleged to be one of Corsica's most notorious gangsters was behind bars after being arrested by chance thanks to a thief plying his trade on one of the poshest streets in Paris. Ahmadinejad unveils Irans newest fighter jet that militant officials claim can evade radar The remains of Richard III, one of the most famous figures in English history, has been found. Women in Paris are finally allowed to wear trousers, after a 200 year law forbidding them to do so was revoked! In rush to urbanize, China flattens 700 mountains
 Ahmadinejad says he wants to be Irans first astronaut Match fixing in European Soccer Investigators identify 380 fixed football matches, 425 corrupt officials and players. Including Champions League matches. Yemen confirmed on Saturday that a ship intercepted last month off its coast was an Iranian vessel trying to smuggle explosives and surfacetoair missiles to the country To curb rape, Muslim group calls for end to coed schools in India Windfarms in Spain Produce More Electricity Than Any Other  Source for 1st Time  Wind energy exceeded output from both nuclear & coalfired power stations & represents over a quarter of Spain's total power generation North Korea 'preparing for two nuclear tests'  
The growing wealth gap is unsustainable The everincreasing many who are struggling cannot support a structure that favours a tiny number of the very rich
 China's thick smog arrives in Japan Fidel Castro makes first public appearance in three years The Monkey Uprising Has Begun in Saudi Arabia
 Fayhan Al Ghamdi, Saudi Cleric, Reportedly Beats 5YearOld Daughter To Death, Receives Only Light Sentence Google Doodle pays hommage to the Canadian penny. It is the last day that the penny will be in use Egyptian police target impoverished children  A fourteen yearold bone cancer patient in police custody is being refused chemotherapy treatment amid a rise in disappearances and arrests of minors. Iran's former central bank chief caught entering Germany with a check worth $70 million, drawn on a bank in Venezuela.  Kuwait jails youth for five years for insulting emir on Twitter. Ecuadorian judges confess to taking bribes in Chevron suit More in France Are Turning to Islam, Challenging a Nations Idea of Itself
 Skeleton found in Leicester car park is that of Richard III, the last Plantagenet king Thousands More Birds Expected to Wash Up on Britains Shores in Enormous Eco Crime  
Pressure mounts to find the ship that dumped  oil into the sea. Supplier of halal meat containing pork DNA is named Investigation Finds Suspected Fixing in 680 Soccer Matches At least 425 people from more than 15 countries are suspected of conspiring to fix matches on behalf of Asian criminal syndicates... Family of smokers on airplane forces costly diversion North Korea, poised to conduct a nuclear test any day now, has posted a video on YouTube depicting a US city resembling New York engulfed in flames after an apparent missile attack. Woman in Bolivia has been building homes for the poor out of plastic bottles. These things are amazing. China threatens Japanese warship with guided missiles over island dispute North Korea dreams of the future for One Korea and the USA Japanese Whaling 'Dead in the Water' Without Millions in Subsidies Animal watchdog reveals 'warehouses of whale meat' as demand plummets Gunman fires at Danish antiIslam writer, misses Greek police caught photoshopping suspects' mugshots after beating them I will not forget my childrens blood Aleppos female sniper vows to take her revenge  Her fame has spread throughout Aleppo. Her comrades have nicknamed her Guevara, but to many residents she is known simply as the female sniper. Singing is unIslamic, says Grand Mufti to Kashmir's first allgirl rock band Somali journalist sentenced for reporting on rape A suicide bombing that killed five Israelis and a bus driver in Bulgaria was the work of Lebanon's Hezbollah militant group Falklands will be under our control within 20 years, says Argentina  Denmark shooting Gunman targets Islam critic Hedegaard CIA rendition more than a quarter of countries 'offered covert support'. Report finds at least 54 countries cooperated with global kidnap, detention and torture operation mounted after 9/11 attacks
 Israels Education Ministry has rejected the findings of a study funded by the U.S. State Department that determined that Palestinian textbooks rarely demonize Israel or incite hatred against the Jewish people 1,800 soldiers from Chad have entered Kidal, the last major town in northern Mali under Islamic rebel control Report due on Magdalene laundries 'Over the 74 years, thousands of women were put to work in detention, mostly in industrial forprofit laundries run by nuns. Each woman had her Christian name changed, her surname unused and most have since died.'
 Bangladesh war crimes court jails Islamic party leader for life Guilty on five of six charges, including mass murder and rape  Malis Islamist Sharia Enforcers Singled Out Women For Special Persecution Canada's penny heads into retirement In Turkey, more than half of the navy's admirals are in jail, along with hundreds of generals and other officers, all on charges of plotting to oust Turkeys mildly Islamist Justice and Development government. Kashmirs first allgirl rock band breaks up after one concert because of threats including a fatwa from the government's cleric Iran's New 'Super' Stealth Fighter Jet Is Totally Fake Israels Gatekeepers break their silence
 She put the photos online, but can this womans bruises keep Chinas wives safe from domestic abuse?  Asia  World Canada officially eliminates the penny, 35 billion pennies (82M kg/ 180M pounds) will be collected and melted down. Transactions will be rounded to the nearest $0.05 Thousands of Mali's ancient manuscripts were saved from the fires of radical Islamists by an illiterate 72yearold librarian who stuffed them into millet bags and smuggled them by cart, motorcycle, canoe, then car to the capital, Bamako, on the other side of the country. UK Parliament votes in favour of Gay Marriage. Family decides to smoke on plane forcing pilot to do an emergency landing. Family now being sued by airline for landing fees and hotel accommodations for all the other passengers.  PM's daughter blows whistle on 54 nations that helped US secret detention programme. North Korea propaganda taken off YouTube after Activision complaint Magnitude 8.0  near Santa Cruz Island China's staterun newspaper If North Korea insists on a third nuclear test despite attempts to dissuade it, it must pay a heavy price Catholic Church enslaved 30,000 Irish women as forced unpaid labor in Magdalene Laundries until 1996 (Reuters)  China unveiled sweeping tax reforms on Tuesday to make wealthy stateowned firms, property speculators and the rich pay more to narrow a yawning gap between an urban elite and hundreds of millions of rural poor. Somali court sentenced a woman to a year in prison after she accused security forces of raping her, and a journalist who interviewed her was also sentenced Malaysian airline launches 'quiet zones' on flights, where children under the age of 12 are not permitted to sit Ahmadinejad Iran already a nuclear state, but has no intention of launching attack on Israel Six Spanish tourists were raped by a gang of armed, masked men in the Mexican resort of Acapulco. They tied up the six men with phone cords and bathing suit straps and then raped the six Spanish women. The Mexican woman was not raped. French troops killed 'hundreds' of Islamist fighters in Mali 8.0M Solomons quake triggers tsunami warning Danish Islam critic escapes assassination attempt Apple slugged in Australia by new tax laws after a 5.5 billion dollar tax discrepancy  the cloak of invisibility is no longer acceptable Gay marriage legislation passes in England and Wales BBC News  CIA operating drone base in Saudi Arabia, US media reveal Brazil to Scrap All Taxes On Food, President Dilma Rousseff announced Fears in Germany as NeoNazi's move in from Greece  4 arrested in Egypt after shoe thrown at Irans President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Someone Threw a Shoe at Ahmadinejad on His NotSoGood Trip to Cairo The assassination of the Tunisian opposition leader Chokri Belaid has sparked mass protests in the capital, Tunis, and in several cities across the country  Live Updates Dad must pay child support for 3 kids that aren't his Court rules | Canada  Japan says scrambled jets after Russian intrusion into air space A small hole for Mars a giant hole for mankind Nasa's Mars rover Curiosity has turned its drill in rock for the first time 9 year old gives birth Two Russian fighter jets have violated Japanese airspace, prompting Tokyo to scramble its own aircraft, reports say.
 Child Sexual Abuse Rampant and Untreated in India while even Police refuse to help in one case they jailed a young girl for 12 days because she claimed she was raped Antisnow chemicals used in Moscow take 1.3bn years to dissolve In Yemen, drone strikes are causing a spike in support for al Qaeda, because such a move is seen as the only way to retaliate against the United States. Filipino Faces Jail Time for Offending Religious Feelings Colombia's Farc proposes legal coca and marijuana crops as part of land reform in the country. Swiss consul's wife hits couple on bike and escapes, gets caught because eye witnesses note license plate Over the past year a New Zealander named Roger Shepherd has had almost unprecedented access to North Korea. He has spent nearly three months in the country over four visits, and was allowed, even encouraged, to travel far and wide into the remotest corners of the country. South African girl's gangrape and murder triggers political outrage    Attack on Anene Booysen likened to Delhi bus case, but similar protests unlikely in country where rape has become normalised Doctor shocked by rape victim's injuries Australian Wind Energy Now Cheaper Than Coal, Gas, BNEF Says The oldest known living wild bird in the world, a 62yearold albatross, Wisdom,, has given birth to a healthy hatchling.  Three Canadians invent worlds most energy efficient light bulb 20 yr old woman burned alive for 'sorcery' in PNG    police attempting to help her chased away by the mob Irans supreme leader rejects Joe Bidens offer of direct talks 35 Ancient Pyramids Found in Sudan France is on the hunt for wouldbe Islamist fighters at home, fearful that they will join militants in Mali High hopes Why science is seeking a pardon for psychedelics  Poachers kill 11,000 Gabon elephants in under a decade The African country is home to half the world's 100,000 forest elephants, coveted by ivory dealers for their tusks Iran to manufacture drones for Hezbollah Irans drones are highly demanded by different countries, and we have transferred the assembly line to these countries Forty Winks on a slow train in China an AFP stringer finds himself on a 36hour train trip during Chinese New Year, the biggest annual human migration An Egyptian Salafi preacher said raping and sexually harassing women protesters in Cairos Tahrir Square is justified, calling them crusaders who have no shame, no fear and not even feminism. Australian children are to be banned from blowing out candles on communal birthday cakes under new hygiene regulations 35 ancient pyramids discovered in Sudan A Somali court has sentenced a woman to a year in prison after she accused security forces of raping her. Woman vandalizes famous Louvre painting Liberty Leading the People by Delacroix The drone war is a shadow war, widely reported in the media but officially unacknowledged by the CIA and the White House. no one knows precisely how many casualties our shadow war has caused, but media and NGO reports suggest that the number of deaths is somewhere between 3,000 and 5,000. Aviation experts say new Iranian stealth jet is a pathetic hoax that cant even fly Police defuse bomb in Madrid cathedral All dogs will now have to be microchipped in England Spain Offers Citizenship to Descendants of Jews Forced Out During the Inquisition
 The brutal gang rape and murder of a young woman on Saturday have led to an outpouring of anger among South Africans, frustrated with a national epidemic of sexual violence. Personal finance education to be compulsory across England UN says bribe payments soar in Afghanistan  Survey found that $3.9bn, twice the nation's domestic revenue, was paid in bribes in 2012. Childfree seats on AirAsia for just 25 extra Vermont Maple Sugar Candy Producer implicated in Canadian $20million maple syrup heist from Quebec warehouse Born In An Iranian Prison  And Into A Lifetime Of Consequences Back in the USSR? Key Soviet document that proclaimed the death of the Soviet Union is missing Blunt Words on China from U.S. Navy Suicide bomber blows himself up near Mali soldiers
 Turkey tells US envoy to stop meddling in its affairs 35 pyramids discovered in a Sudan Necropolis Derision, bafflement over Egypt prime ministers remark on unhygienic breasts causing diarrhea A Sri Lankan prisoner who tried to hide his cellphone during a search of his cell was caught out when guards heard a ring tone emanating from his rectum  complete with xray image. Gunmen Kill 9 in Attacks on Nigerian Polio Clinics  Attacks come after  local cleric denounced polio vaccination campaigns & local radio programs repeated previous conspiracy theories about such campaigns being a Western plot to harm Muslims.
 Overwhelmed by a critical housing crisis, Hong Kongs poorest residents forced to live in metal cages Mathematician discovers 17million digit prime number  'No practical use'  India judge defends acquitting 35 accused in  gangrape case There was ample evidence to show the girl was used for child prostitution, which is not rape The British Queen is facing a tough inquiry into her finances and expenses by the most powerful watchdog in government Inside A Secret CIA Prison In The Polish Countryside Documents reveal how American intelligence officers turned a secret training center for Polish security forces into one of the controversial black site prisons for terrorism suspects There's a reason Egyptians keep taking to the streets The Muslim Brotherhood has proved to be little more than the old Mubarak clique with beards 11,000 Elephants Slaughtered in African Forest German Education Minister Annette Schavan has resigned after a university stripped her of her doctorate for plagiarism.
 Polio workers in Nigeria shot dead  At least nine health workers gunned down in northern city of Kano amid increasing hostility towards polio immunisation drive South Korea says it will launch a preemptive strike against Pyongyang if they moves to test a nuclear weapon Papua New Guinea woman burned alive for sorcery She was stripped naked, tortured with a branding iron and tied up, splashed with fuel and set alight, while a crowd that included school children looked on Cold War in Asia Japan suggests setting up a military hotline with China to avoid clashes between the two countries Iran's president defies supreme leader to safeguard his future Mob strips, tortures, and burns alive woman accused of witchcraft in Papua New Guinea 
  China will compensate a woman who was held in a disused morgue as punishment for going to Beijing to petition against her husband's jailing Malala, Pakistani teen shot by Taliban, leaves hospital after stunning recovery Suicide bomber in north Mali manages to kill 1 person, himself.  Japan demanded a formal apology from China yesterday for a onesided provocation after its navy targetted a Japanese destroyer patrolling the disputed Senkaku Islands with weaponslinked radars.  Horse meat crisis widens
 Syria Children in Aleppo suffer horrific injuries as Assad forces target civilians A judge in Chile has ordered the exhumation of the remains of the poet Pablo Neruda, as part of an inquest into his death in 1973.
 Oilrich, velvetropepoor Azerbaijan, a country about the size of South Carolina on the Caspian Sea, would very much like to be the worlds next party capital Guatemala declares national coffee emergency Woman defaces famous Louvre painting with black pen Delhi parliament attack plotter hanged Huge Bangladesh rally seeks death penalty for Islamists Aldi confirms up to 100% horsemeat in beef products  Supermarket says it is angry with supplier Comigel after tests reveal 30% and 100% horsemeat in withdrawn ready meals
 British sugar giant caught in global tax scandal  
Muslim fundamentalists use British television channels to preach in favour of violent crime and killing apostates.  Thousands protest in Ireland against bank bailouts Curiosity Mars rover takes historic drill sample China Passes U.S. to Become Worlds Biggest Trading Nation Russian opposition leader put under house arrest Thousands more people will have to pay inheritance tax to help fund longawaited social care reforms in England Chinese tabletennis player with key role in diplomacy leading to thaw in USChina relations in the 1970s, has died aged 73. Spanish leader teeters under corruption scandal  Strapped for cash, Spaniards seethe over allegations of kickbacks to highranking Spanish officials, including Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy.
 Attack in Nigeria is latest onslaught targeting health workers by radical Islamic sect Tunisian Islamists rally to show power of street  Thousands of Islamists marched in Tunis on Saturday in a show of strength, a day after the funeral of an assassinated secular politician drew the biggest crowds seen on the streets since Tunisia's uprising two years ago. South Sudan attack leaves more than 100 dead Sexual abuse victim's suicide sparks call for review of court procedures | UK news An arachnophobe's worst nightmare? Its 'raining spiders' in Brazil Mali War Shifts as Rebels Hide in High Sahara ProN. Korean activist gets jail term for illegal trip to Pyongyang South Korean doctors killed in northeastern Nigeria Kosovo to get an army in June Dutch Put Electric Cars to the Test  NYTimes.com Horse meat scandal How horses slaughtered in Romania end up on British plates IMF sees 140m jobs shortage in ageing China as 'Lewis Point' hits
Chinas vast reserve of cheap workers in the hinterland is vanishing
at a vertiginous pace. Peculiar 900yearold Order of the Knights of Malta celebrates anniversary with Vatican mass N. Korea says world mistakenly interprets its important measures as nuclear test BBC news Huge Bangladesh rally seeks death penalty for war crimes Pope Pope Benedict XVI 'to resign'. The Pope is to resign at the end of this month in an entirely unexpected development, reports from the Vatican say. To get the gold, they will have to kill every one of us  The moststoried warrior tribe in Ecuador prepares to fight as the government sells goldladen land to China 
Leaked Documents Reveal Gas Company Eyeing Protected Region in Peruvian Amazon Where Biodiversity Exceeds That of Any Other Place on Earth & is Home to  Indigenous People Who Have No Regular Contact With the Outside World China tightens concert rules after Elton John's 'disrespectful' Beijing show. Officials considered banning foreign artists without university degrees, after singer dedicated song to Ai Weiwei, say sources Unfortunately, we live in an age where any nobrains that brandishes a gun and screams 'God is great' thinks he's speaking for Islam, when he is merely just a hoodlum with a gun. An asteroid is going to fly by Earth on Feb.15. This is going to be the closest an asteroid has come to Earth without hitting it. Wind power capacity grew 20% globally in 2012 Farmers use of genetically modified soybeans grows into Supreme Court case Fascism mounts a comeback in Italy. As Italy prepares for elections, Mussolini, the father of Fascism, is casting a long shadow.  Outrage After Job Center Suggests Brothel Job for Young Woman in Germany Afghan boy, 13, jailed for having sex with men Microsoft, Apple (and others) summonsed to explain high prices in Australia An energy company is eyeing up the gas reserves of a national park in the Peruvian Amazon whose biodiversity Unesco says exceeds that of any other place on Earth and is home to indigenous people who have no regular contact with the outside world Israeli police detained 10 women at one of Judaism's most sacred sites for wearing prayer shawls, which Orthodox tradition sees as solely for men Attackers in northern Nigeria killed three Korean doctors, beheading one of them, two days after suspected Islamic fundamentalists shot dead nine polio vaccinators nearby Islamic extremists armed with AK47 automatic rifles invaded Gao in wooden boats in a surprise attack on the most populous city in northern Mali Gao is becoming like Pakistan After 2 months absent, still no sign of Chavez  Two months have passed since Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez climbed the stairs of the presidential jet, blew kisses to his supporters and flew to Cuba to undergo his fourth cancerrelated surgery. Nigerian prostitutes promise week of free sex if Nigeria win Africa Cup of Nations To curb poaching menace, India is considering issuing shootatsight orders. Antigay, religious group gets funds from the Canadian government to work in Uganda Two people in southwest China have tested positive for the H5N1 bird flu virus and are critically ill, state news agency Xinhua said on Sunday, citing the Chinese health ministry. China has leapfrogged the US to become the worlds biggest trading nation, bringing an end to the USs postwar dominance of global commerce.   Over the Antarctic, the Smallest Ozone Hole In a Decade  The pilgrims came, millions upon millions of them, in the greatest tide of humanity ever seen. Again and again, the vast crowds threatened to press too close, to trample the smallest. Then it happened ...
As many as 30 people were killed Pope Benedict XVI to resign feb 28 Iran urges to destroy all atomic weapons after N.Korea nuclear test We need to come to the point where no country has any nuclear weapons and at the same time all weapons of mass destruction and nuclear arms need to be destroyed China's patience with North Korea wears thin after latest nuclear test China's New Bachelor Class An estimated 12 to 15 percent of Chinese men  a population nearly the size of Texas  will be unable to find a mate within the next seven years. 4.9 earthquake detected in North Korea, indicates possible nuclear blast. In surprise move, IOC drops wrestling from 2020 Olympic program  North Korea tells U.N. will never bow to nuclear resolutions The U.S. and their followers are sadly mistaken if they miscalculate the DPRK would respect the entirely unreasonable resolutions against it. The DPRK will never bow to any resolutions The same international body that enacted a 1990 global ivory ban allowed China in 2008 to import ivory. This catastrophic reversal can be counted in carcasses  elephant and human.  Healthy Vancouver senior commits suicide in bid to change righttodie law 'I do not have a terminal illness; I am simply old, tired and becoming dependent, after a wonderful life of independence' Iran's 'fake' fighter jet which experts say can't fly is spotted in the air (with a little help from Photoshop). Chinese Hackers Are Going After U.S. in General, Not Just Media Companies North Korea Nuke test just a first response aimed at U.S. North Korea earthquake was a nuclear test, UN official says UN Confirms nuclear test in North Korea Police hunting serial rapist dont know whom to charge after DNA leads to arrest of identical twins Pope's Sudden Resignation Sends Shockwaves Through Church Church officials tried to relay a climate of calm confidence in the running of a 2,000yearold institution, but the decision could lead to uncertainty in a Church already besieged by scandal for covering up sexual abuse Australia's ABC exposes the mystery of Prisoner X, an Australian Jew working for Mossad who killed himself in Israeli Prison. Obama to announce return of 34,000 troops from Afghanistan
| Top News Government killing online surveillance bill A multibilliondollar expansion of the Panama Canal is proving a boon to scientists. The construction has revealed a trove of fossils, revealing a wide array of creatures that lived at the southern end of North America 20 millions years ago. Japan to send planes to monitor radiation after N Korea test  North Korea withdraws from nuclear test site Report Olympic Committee Drops Wrestling From 2020 Games
 CocaCola rejects findings that its product was the most likely cause of the death of a New Zealand woman. Not only has Putin made Russia the worlds largest oil producer, hes also made it the biggest gold buyer. His central bank has added 570 metric tons of the metal in the past decade. The added gold is also almost triple the weight of the Statue of Liberty 'Tories no longer party of privilege', claims David Cameron at 400ahead champagne ball Nonmuslim teachers at Islamic College forced to wear hijab or lose their jobs The European Union and the US will begin formal talks on a freetrade agreement, paving the way for the biggest trade deal in history.  'He will stay in prison for a long time' Saudi royal family intervenes in case of 'celebrity' preacher released after paying blood money despite raping and torturing daughter to death
 Russian cop faces 5 years in jail after leaving disabled man to die on street in 40C After losing his fingers as a result of twelve hours spent in subzero temperatures, a disabled man has died from a blood clot in a Russian hospital French Assembly Approves Gay Marriage. North Korea Nuclear Test Japan, South Korea Ready Armies Following Provocation Google Maps reveals identity of North Korean test facilty Fiance kidnaps his bride from a mental clinic after she's been put in there on a false accusation by her relatives (translated article) China bans television ads for bling to douse growing frustration in wealth disparity Could the Middle East run out of water? New NASA images warn of water shortage Roof collapses at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant Wall panels and parts of the roof fell in on Tuesday in the machinehall at the plant's Reactor Number Four. Noone was hurt in the incident and the radiation level in the socalled exclusion zone around the plant has not changed Afghan military helicopter pilot flies missions with her daughter, as she has no childcare. G20 commissioned study by OECD urges stronger international cooperation on corporate tax.  Finds that some multinationals use strategies that allow them to pay as little as 5% in corporate taxes when smaller businesses are paying up to 30%.  Iranian ambassador's highfive with a German woman lawmaker causes uproar in Iran. A NATO airstrike killed 10 Afghan civilians, including five children, in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday, local officials said Vatican reveals pope had secret heart surgery Egypt Hundreds of Police Stage Rare Protests Health officials in the UK believe they have the strongest evidence yet that a new respiratory illness similar to the deadly Sars virus can spread from person to person. Britain summons North Korea ambassador over nuclear test Strange Shiny Object On Mars Identified Australian Dairy farmers face ruin amid supermarket milk war Syrian air base falls, Assad forces under pressure Israel's Prisoner X revealed  NATO airstrike kills 10 civilians, Afghan official says
 French Assembly passes gay marriage, adoption bill Devastating collection of video interviews with young children inside Syria. Little kids in Syria describe, in their own words, what it's like to grow up in a war zone. Totally drugresistant TB uncovered, outbreak would be untreatable Its Official Julian Assange Will Run for Office Oscar Pistorius (South African doubleamputee Olympian) shoots and kills girlfriend after mistaking her for an intruder Iceland considering ban of online pornography A man burns himself to death outside a job centre in France after being declared ineligible for unemployment benefit Canada will never be a safe haven for zombies, Foreign Minister John Baird tells House of Commons South Korea unveils missile it says can hit North's leaders Egypt floods Gaza tunnels to cut Palestinian lifeline Three people have been arrested in the US and accused of conspiring to smuggle endangered black rhino horns and carvings from the US into China.

 Horsemeat Scandal Up to 100.000 horses disappeared in Sweden since 2000, possibly sold as meat in EU Israel's Prisoner X driven to suicide by interrogation, lawyer suggests 
How the Latin American Drug War Will End When change comes, it will be brought about by grassroots civil society organizing in the U.S. and in Mexico Russia Uses New Internet Censorship Bill To Silence Prominent Reporters Who Criticized The Government Egypt's women brandish knives at sex assault protests. One hardline cleric, Mohammed Abdullah, said women who go to protests were going there to get raped Israel acknowledges 'Prisoner X' existence  The Swissheld version of the Mona Lisa is also a genuine painting by Leonardo da Vinci Norway jails Rwandan for 21 years over role in 1994 genocid    Oslo court finds Sadi Bugingo guilty of complicity in premeditated killings of at least 2,000 people in Kibungo, eastern Rwanda Up to 200 smuggling tunnels shut since Egyptian President Morsi took office; some 30% of all goods reach Gaza through tunnels. French driver trapped for an hour in speeding 125mph car with no brakes Pakistani extremists rally against the evils of Valentines Day Australia blocks North Koreans' visit over nuclear test Horsemeat has been detected in frozen lasagne on sale in Germany and supermarkets have started removing the product from their shelves.
 Microsoft brings solar WiFi to rural Kenya  The pilot project  named Mawingu, the Swahili word for cloud  is part of an initiative by Microsoft and local telecoms firms to provide affordable, highspeed wireless broadband to rural areas Murdoch's Sun paper now caught up in NOTWlike hacking scandal.  Gazan farmers attend Israeli conference aimed at supporting Gaza's agricultural sector Possible meteor shower reported in eastern Russia Russia to ally with UN to address DPRK nuke issue 100th Tibetan selfimmolates in China Onefifth of Russian city apartments have no hot water, onetenth no plumbing or heating Islamists denounce Valentines Day as an excuse for forbidden sex, ban giftbuying in Indonesia North Korea considering another nuclear test and missile launch this year A Russian Emergencies Official Says at Least 1 Meteorite Has Fallen in Chelyabinsk Region Australian scientists discover malaria's 'Achilles heel A third of India's politicians currently have charges against them, ranging from forgery to rape to murder Pictures from Carnival 2013! An Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander has been killed inside Syria by rebels battling Iran's close ally President Bashar alAssad, Iranian officials and a rebel leader said on Thursday . 6yearold raped, brutalized in New Delhi, India Obama reaffirms commitments to defend Japan MP says jail is good for young Aboriginal people Jos Genoino and Francisco Tenrio, respectively found guilty of bribery and under investigation for murder, have just become Congressmen. A third of Brazils lawmakers have either been convicted or are being investigated for crimes ranging from votebuying to theft to slaveholding. Chinese appetite for shark fin soup devastating Mozambique coastline Mantas and hammerheads to 'disappear' from divers' paradise if plunder is unchecked
 Iraq war 'delivered little but bloodshed', say Britons in 10year anniversary poll French meat processing company Spanghero sold meat labelled as beef despite knowing it could have been horsemeat, the French government has said.
  In their hurry to flee last month, alQaida fighters left behind a crucial document Tucked under a pile of papers and trash is a confidential letter, spelling out the terror network's strategy for conquering northern Mali and reflecting internal discord over how to rule the region. Meteor explodes in Russia Second case of Sarslike virus in Britain indicates humantohuman infection Tunisia Trade unions, representing about 30 percent of the labour force, have been protesting against the ruling Ennahada party. Inside the Vatican The $8 billion global institution where nuns answer the phones Burma police used incendiary weapons against mine protesters, report says. Shells containing white phosphorus were used to disperse Letpadaung protesters, causing burns, investigation finds Huge Meteorite Impact in Russia! Striking Amateur Footage.  Czech Republic Legalizes Medical Marijuana Use U.S., Iran, Russia team up to save wrestling If America did not exist, Russia would have to invent it. In a sense it already has first as a dream, then as a nightmare. No other country looms so large in the Russian psyche. To Kremlin ideologists, the very concept of Russias sovereignty depends on being free of Americas influence. 'Russian Romeo' steals girlfriend from psych ward, sues mother for forced hospitalization Russian lawmaker and party leader Vladimir Zhirinovsky claims meteor was a US weapons test Those aren't meteors falling, it's the Americans testing new weapons American engineer, stressed about US security, about to return home, hangs himself in Singapore under suspicious circumstances. Police refuses FBI assistance. Confiscates laptop, mobile phone. Portugal drug law show results ten years on, experts say.  Problematic drug use has dropped by HALF since the new law was put in place Malaysia detains Australian senator Nick Xenophon  an outspoken critic of human rights in the country Suspected meteor explosion reported in central Cuba Lot's of Meteor talk lately. Here's NASA's live stream of the huge meteor passing earth today. Assange's $4.5million lockdown UK police spending huge sums on 24hour patrol Unprotected sex leads to rise in gay men in UK contracting HIV  One in 20 men who have sex with men in the UK now have HIV (1 in 12 in London), with unsafe sex among gay men also having increased Saudi finally limits its religious police  announces legislation that reduces the authority of Islamist police Conservative Cabinet minister Gay couples cannot provide safe environment for children Taking the Lead Against Corporate Excess, Swiss to Vote on 'Fat Cat' Pay Proposal grants binding shareholder vote on CEO salaries, bans golden parachutes Dwindling church attendance  German Catholic and Protestant Churches Sell Off Church Buildings  Model girlfriend fled to bathroom as Oscar Pistorius shot her through the door Canada's environmental activists seen as 'threat to national securityy Harper Government Russian nuclear bombers intercepted near Guam Taxpayers' money keeps Japan's whaling fleet afloat public funds subsidise Japan's whaling industry to the tune of $8.9 million, even though only 11 per cent of citizens support it Why Did So Many Russian Drivers Get Such Great Meteor Videos? Japanese whalers harpooned a Minke in Australian waters Three men jailed in UK for deliberately causing a 'crash for cash' car wreck that led to a woman dying Russian parliament member says meteor was actually a U.S. weapons test Prehistoric pornography Chinese carvings show explicit copulation.  Its at least 3,000 years old, and its bicurious. Suspects in sex cases should have their identities protected until they are convicted, a senior lawyer has said Pope Benedict XVIs leaked documents show fractured Vatican full of rivalries In a village in India's poorest state, Bihar, farmers are growing world record amounts of rice  with no GM, and no herbicide Missing Egyptian activist found naked, tortured in desert, says was abducted. Uprising against Taliban gains momentum Bomb rips through Pakistan market, killing 63
 Secret funding of climate sceptics is not restricted to the US In the UK, wealthy rightwing donors also finance campaigns against policies to reduce greenhouse gases UK, Germany and France Call for New Laws on Corporate Tax Avoidance  Britain, Germany and France have called on their fellow G20 nations to introduce global tax rules in order to combat corporate tax avoidance that is costing countries millions in lost revenue. AFP Bloodied cricket bat found at Pistorius home Reeva Steenkamp's Skull Had Been Crushed Libya arrests 4 foreigners suspected of trying to spread Christianity in Muslim nation North Korea tells China of preparations for fresh nuclear test Russia Meteorite Blast Equals 500Kiloton Explosion  NASA. (Hiroshima in 1945 released an estimated 15 kilotons) Russian Prison Working Pussy Riot To Death Adrift as Shape of Families Changes, Koreas Elderly Increasingly Turn to Suicide NASA now says the Chelyabinsk meteor must have been about 55 feet wide (17 meters wide) with a mass of 10,000 tons before it entered Earths atmosphere. The British home secretary has accused judges of 'subverting' democracy and making the streets of Britain more dangerous by ignoring rules aimed at deporting more foreign criminals Some Chinese Are Souring on Being North Koreas Best Friend  India's rice revolution  In a village in India's poorest state, Bihar, farmers are growing world record amounts of rice  with no GM, and no herbicide. Is this one solution to world food shortages? First Krispy Kreme store in Scotland creates massive traffic jam (xpost /r/NewsOfTheWeird) EU calls for better conditions for Palestinians jailed in Israel Russian Meteor Blast Bigger Than Thought, NASA Says Hezbollah chief warns Hassan Shateri Dead Iran Vows Revenge On Israel For Killing Of Guard Commander In Syria Israel Treats Wounded Syrians Along Frontier Family Cleans House, Finds Pet Tortoise Missing Since 1982  Exploding Fireballs Reported In Japan, Russia, Cuba, US A Chinese entrepreneur is offering a huge reward to a senior official if he swims in a polluted river for 20 minutes, an attempt to draw attention to China's the environmental problems. Egyptian sheikh who said it is halal (permissible) to rape female protesters has been arrested and charged with defamation of religion A Muslim preacher is secretly filmed urging followers to take benefits from the state to fund a holy war Halve meat consumption, scientists urge rich world People in the rich world should become demitarians  eating half as much meat as usual in order to avoid severe environmental damage Amsterdam steakhouse boss admits selling horse for 63 years. Oscar Pistorius murder charge 'steroids found at athletes home Report Iran confiscates Buddha statues to stop promotion of Buddhism ATLAS Meteor Tracking System Gets $5M NASA Funding Egypt's telecoms ministry has refused to block access to YouTube and has filed an appeal to reverse a court order asking it to do so.
 At least 18 ancient mosaics depicting scenes from Homer's 'The Odyssey' have been stolen in northern Syria India blocks 73 URLs for criticism of an educational institution Britain is selling millions of pounds worth of small arms and ammunition to Sri Lanka despite the countrys dire human rights record. Government database shows that sales continue despite litany of rights abuses.  Roundtheworld UK cyclists killed in Thailand What an Intro for an Xbox 360 HDMI Cable Promotion.... Keiko Fukuda, a Trailblazer in Judo, learned from its inventor and went on to become the sports highestranked woman, died on Feb. 9 at her home in San Francisco. She was 99.
 In China, Families Bet It All on College for Their Children but There are too few Jobs for College Grduates Hezbollah condemned for 'attack on Syrian villages' Scientists confirm Chebarkul Lake meteorite found in Russian Urals as meteorite with an iron content of about 10% Breakthrough Saudi women can pass on citizenship to their children Most Terrorist Plots in the US Aren't Invented by Al Qaeda  They're Manufactured by the FBI A new hardline Sinhalese Buddhist group in Sri Lanka has called for the abolition of the Muslim halal system of certifying foods and other goods Alcohol sale to be banned in Egypt's new residential suburbs Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has returned home to Venezuela after more than two months of medical treatment in Cuba Red Cross' 150 years of helping between fronts Irans supreme leader steps deeper into the political fray and uncharted territory. 'Bad, wrong, inappropriate, scolded Khamenei on Saturday in his most stinging rebuke of Ahmadinejad for his mounting attacks on rivals' North Korea threatens final destruction of South Korea at U.N. In Russia, proposed bill will ban pride parades and public LGBT awareness events, as well as what has been deemed as progay attitudes on television Israel passes law banning models that have a BMI under 18.5 Brazil seethes over public officials super salaries, one Judge Made $361,500 in a Month 
Legalising drugs would be the perfect Tory policy 'It would save money, aid global security and be tough on crime. What could appeal to Conservatives more?'
 Russian lawmaker found dead in barrel of cement. Detailed Proof of Chinese Army Unit Is Seen as Tied to Hacking Against U.S. At least 3,000 children, including four under the age of 10 found huddled together in frozen embrace, are now known to have died during attendance at Canada's Indian residential schools, according to new unpublished research. Eight men steal 50m worth of rough gems, by cutting a hole in a fence Turkey Children fostered by European gay couples will be retrieved Germany Strengthens Gay Adoption Rights Handed a snack, and then executed the 12yearold son of a Tamil Tiger. Photographs show boy was held before he was killed at close range China to introduce carbon tax official Man arrested for pouring acid on 16yearold's face Chinese military linked to hacking attacks in the US. Photographs have emerged depicting the execution of the 12 year old son of the late LTTE chief by the Sri Lankan Army AP Woman commits selfimmolation inside Spanish bank. Chinese Students Wore Uniforms With CancerCausing Dyes UK Border chiefs seize 48 TONS of illegal meat containing horse and donkey The British government was warned in April 2011 that illegal horse meat was entering the human food chain As BBC strikes, Brits trust journalists less than Americans do. Only 21% of adults in Britain trust journalists to tell the truth...40% of Americans trust journalists... Armed robbers have made off with a gigantic haul of diamonds after a daring raid at Brussels Airport. Scientists discover what caused Ireland's Great Potato Famine Eight people have been arrested in Russia after a politician's body (Mikhail Pakhomo) was found stuffed in a barrel of cement. Nestle finds horse meat in beef pasta meals 
You have the right to Google for a lawyer in Canada 'After a 19yr old struggled to find a lawyer using the telephone, an Alberta court has ruled that police must provide an accused with Internet access to exercise their right to counsel.'
 Bulgaria government resigns after national protests Chinese government involved in cyber espionage; a
Chinese military unit hacked into 141 businesses, mostly inside the U.S., to steal commercial secrets US Catholics urge cardinal to skip papal vote  American group call on cardinal accused of covering up sexual abuse by priests not to take part in electing a new pope North Korean propaganda video shows President Obama and US troops in flames Contact lost with ISS Pirate Party threatened with lawsuit for hosting the Pirate Bay Russia Boy adopted by U.S. lesbian subjected to conditions harmful to his psychological health' Mexican police chief goes missing Wikilieaks releases over 3,000 emails from Stratfor intelligence agency on the Vatican and the Pope  A British man infected with a new virus from the same family as SARS has died, bringing the worldwide death toll from the previously unknown disease to six Gay Afghan man describes life as a homosexual in an oppressive society How Chinese hackers outed themselves by logging onto Facebook 5 minutes, 8 robbers, a $50million haul in diamonds..
With military precision, perfect timing and likely some inside help, a group of eight robbers managed to pull off one of the biggest diamond heists in history in Belgium How Vaccines Have Changed Our World In One Graphic North Korea says tourism ooming' 'How stupid do you think we are?' An epic letter from American CEO to a French minister Sea Shepherd ship rammed  A French soldier and more than 20 Islamist rebels were killed during what appeared to be the first clashes in the Adrar des Ifoghas mountain range where militants have taken refuge in northern Mali, French officials said on Tuesday. Horror at Sea Adrift for Months, Starving Asylum Seekers Threw 98 Bodies Overboard
 3 minor sisters are raped and murdered and the bodies dumped in a well in India. Australian billionaire to build a hightech replica of the Titanic. It's maiden voyage in late 2016 will be from England to New York. Indian MIT studentsig idea caught in US visa limbo  Saudi king swears in first women members of advisory council Obesity worldwide the map of the world's weight Germans couldn't see many of the Russian meteor videos last week because a radio was playing music in the background. The German version of the MIAA wanted a penny per view. Brits Want Marijuana Reforms, Drug Policy Review 'majority of Britons favor either decriminalizing or legalizing marijuana and twothirds support a comprehensive review of all the options for controlling drugs, from legalization to tougher enforcement.' The French language police in Quebec, Canada cracked down on an Italian restaurant because its menu has too much Italian Over 100 million people are striking in India today and tomorrow. Possibly the largest strike in world history. [WATCH] British MP George Galloway storms out of Oxford debate after discovering his opponent is Israeli, tells crowd I don't debate Israelis  More than 20 per cent of Norwegians tuned in to watch a 12hour extravaganza about firewood. Switzerland's only wild bear (Named M13) is shot Chinese activist asks Internet users What does your river look like? India to launch Mars mission this year President You people think that by making these cartoons of the prophet that you are going to deface him. No, you will never achieve this, only thing you will achieve is suicide bombers on your streets spilling so much blood that you'll have nightmares for the rest of your miserable lives.
 15 dead  50 injured in bomb blasts in Hyderabad, India.  Duke of Edinburgh 'The Philippines must be half empty because you're all here running the NHS' Hundreds of children (as young as 9), have been illegally detained & tortured by the Egyptian police following the protests after the 2nd anniversary of the '11 uprising. Those detained have been subjected to beatings, electrocution and forced to strip naked to be drenched with cold water. Banks should be forced to pay much bigger fines if they 'fail' to cooperate with investigations into their misbehaviour, according to the UK Treasury Select Committee Chinese revolt over government plan to ban BBQ in order to fight epic smog problem US senator says 4,700 killed in drone strikes Japan executions resume with three hangings Case Western researchers discover gene that permanently stops cancer cell proliferation Pakistani police accused the country's ambassador to the United States of blasphemy, a crime that carries the death penalty, in connection with a 2010 TV talk show A Rogue Power Vatican May Shield Pope from Growing Prosecution Efforts 'Vatican officials will give the retiring Pontiff sanctuary, arguing that otherwise he would be defenseless  a feeling likely familiar to the Church's many victims of sexual abuse.' Saudi Arabias King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud has sworn in the countrys first female members of the Shura Council, an appointed body that advises on new laws, angering conservative clerics. It is the first time in the countrys history that women have been able to hold any political office. Three British men have claimed they were beaten and electrocuted in the testicles after being imprisoned in Dubai for possession of a cannabis substitute. The men say they were threatened/beaten before being forced to sign documents in Arabic, a language that none of them understand Germans cant see meteorite YouTube videos due to copyright dispute Space Tourist to Announce Daring Manned Mars Voyage for 2018 Federal civil servants in Canada, and in particular scientists, are being muzzled by the federal government Japanese are beginning to turn against the whaling industry. According to a new report, Whaling is an unprofitable business that can survive only with substantial subsidies and one that caters to an increasingly shrinking and aging market. China officially admits the existence of Cancer Villages for the first time. German Catholics allow morningafter pill in rape cases Univision reporting rumors of the death of Joaqun El Chapo Guzmn (world's #1 drug lord) after a gun battle in Guatemala. This comes one day after Wikileaks publishes emails saying he is in Guatemala. (story in spanish) Canadian School teachers prank students with Disneyworld trip causing anger by parents and tears by students the next day. Bangladesh protests demanding execution of atheist bloggers turn deadly. Police ban radios in Zimbabwe to prevent those in rural areas without access to mainstream media from getting the latest updates ahead of elections. Pope Benedict retired after inquiry into Vatican gay bishops Heavily armed Islamic Militants from the Philippines invade Northern Malaysia  The world's most powerful drug lord, Joaqun 'El Chapo' Guzman, has been killed in a gun battle between drug gangs, Guatemalan authorities suspect. Egypt imports 140,000 teargas canisters from US. South Korea calls for development of nuclear weapons Parent calls to remove 'religious observance' in nondenominational schools in Scotland Toronto declared sanctuary city to nonstatus migrants Toronto has become the first Canadian city with a formal policy allowing undocumented migrants to access services regardless of immigration status Al Qaeda Tips On Evading Unmanned Aircraft Found In Mali To Block Gaza Tunnels, Egypt Lets Sewage Flow Mexican Drug Cartels Eye Spain As Their New Home Syria conflict Many dead in huge Damascus bombing China holds generals son for gang rape  $2.5 billion in lost income for Egyptian tourism since 2011. Tourism ministry prepares new campaign to promote Egypt by livestreaming images of the country around the world. Three British Islamists convicted of plotting another 9/11 Life expectancy increased by 11 years in South Africa by new HIV combating treatment Egyptian opposition tries to get Morsi blasted into space  You can vote for him, too. North Korea to launch 3G network Switzerland's only bear killed amid threat fears Briton finds 500yearold arrest warrant for Machiavelli UK's most senior Roman Catholic says priest should be allowed to get married and have children North Korea warns U.S. Forces of destruction ahead of drills 'North Korea on Saturday warned the top U.S. military commander stationed in South Korea that his forces would meet a miserable destruction if they go ahead with scheduled military drills with South Korean troops' Iran to Execute 4 Bankers on Fraud Charges Charities say 'neigh' to feeding horse to the poor  A conservative German politician has been slammed for suggesting that poor people be given the meals removed from sale 
German president make English the language of EU 'Europe needs Britain's democratic traditions, political courage and sobermindedness'
 
China has almost 10,000 kilometers of high speed rail now and will have 5 times more by 2020  Forcing China's Airlines to Shift Focus to International Travel A British theatre director working in Uganda was bundled into a car, taken to the immigration department, then to a police station and locked up in a crowded cell. He was kept for five days before being deported. His crime was to have staged a comedy that touched on the subject of homosexuality. A potentially explosive report has linked the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI to the discovery of a network of gay highranking clergy in the Vatican, some of whom were being blackmailed by outsiders. The popes spokesman declined to confirm or deny the report. Lawyer Iranian diplomat quits embassy in Norway, seeking asylum there Iran said it has found significant new deposits of raw uranium to feed its nuclear program and has identified sites for 16 more nuclear power stations, just days before talks with Western powers over its disputed atomic program 100 US military personnel deployed to Niger India's Rice Revolution Top Chinese scientist questions claim of massive harvests, scoffs at claims that fewer seeds plus less water can lead to better rice crop results Big pharma's excuses for the monopolies on medicine won't wash [Businessweek] After Three Years, BP Is Finally Headed to Court. S Korea female president brings gender hopes
Country ranked in bottom third of global equality list, but inauguration raises hopes of tackling issue. UK loses its AAA credit rating Banksy mural removed. Up for auction in Miami.  NPR Horsemeat containing a drug potentially harmful to humans has likely entered the food chain, France says La Repubblica reports existence of underground gay network at Vatican. South Korea nuclear weapons possible within 6 months, a conservative South Korean newspaper says. Missile Defenses Real Enemy Math Our Right to Poison Lessons from the Failed War on Drugs Horsemeat scandal triggers 15% rise in sales for France's equine butchers | UK news Horsemeat scandal's origin lies in the heart of our economic model  Fixing lax regulation won't solve the problem  we need to address the circumstances that created this severely distorted food supply system North Korea prison camps 'like the Holocaust', survivors who escaped say A pilot will attempt the 10,500mile trip from Sydney to London using a fuel that has never before been tested in the air  and is produced entirely from plastic waste  Lessons From the Failed 'War on Drugs'  The global 'war on drugs' has cost billions & taken countless lives, but achieved little. Politicians & experts are joining calls for legalization. Following the journey of cocaine from a farm in Colombia to a user in Berlin sheds light on why. UK's first cat cafe to open in London in May. Customers will be able to stroke and play with 1015 cats as they enjoy their daily coffee. 4 arrested in Egypt for 'Harlem Shake' Park Geunhye will be sworn in as South Korea's first female president on Monday The Court of Appeal for Ontario has ruled that if a cellphone is not passwordprotected, police making an arrest can search it without a warrant

 Censorship is alive and well in Canada  just ask government scientists Four killed in Bangladesh clashes over atheist bloggers  At least four people were killed and over 200 injured in Bangladesh on Friday as hundreds of Islamists clashed with police here and other major cities demanding execution of atheist bloggers they accused of blasphemy Shocking revelations of murder, sexual abuse of boys, civilians being shot, and kidnaps are exposing the state of Afghanistan's security forces in a Panorama investigation. Afghan forces running bases that British soldiers secured are barely able to function/pose no challenge to the Taliban. Around 3,000 Palestinian prisoners refuse food after death of fellow inmate Let's talk about the exodus of 600,000 whites from London Food giants still flouting code on promoting baby milk formula in developing countries. Research in Pakistan finds companies giving free gifts and misleading literature to mothers and health workers African leaders meeting in Ethiopia sign deal to end two decades of fighting in Democratic Republic of Congo Thief distributes money among poor in Paraguay One of the worst in the world Indonesia ranked last in a landmark education report that measured literacy, test results, graduation rates and other key benchmarks in 50 nations. Only a third of Indonesian students complete basic schooling Photos of Transnistria The Country that isn't Really a Country EU sues Sweden over environmental 'inaction' Karzai expels US special forces from Afghan province. The Lost Tribes of the Amazon  	Often described as uncontacted, isolated groups living deep in the South American forest resist the ways of the modern worldat least for now  Fauja Singh ran his first marathon at age 89 and became an international sensation. Now 101 years old, he will run his final race on Sunday in Hong Kong  and try to find peace with a Guinness World Records slight. In Syria, new influx of weapons to rebels tilts the battle against Assad. 'A surge of rebel advances in Syria is being fueled at least in part by an influx of heavy weaponry in a renewed effort by outside powers to arm moderates in the Free Syrian Army, according to Arab and rebel officials' Mali radicals recruited child soldiers at schools. An untold number of children are believed to have been killed in the January fighting.  Canadian Election tampering court case moves ahead with key evidence being considered. Vatican Slams Media Reports Of Gay Scandal Norwegian prison where inmates are treated like people has the lowest reoffending rate in Europe  A helicopter swooped down on a prison courtyard Sunday as armed men on board fired on guards and lowered a rope to help a convicted killer make his fourth attempt to escape from a Greek prison. Iran calls Oscar for 'Argo,' awarded by Michelle Obama, an ad for CIA Longlost continent found under the Indian Ocean Sand from Mauritian beaches reveals rock from ancient landmass. South Korea's Park GeunHye is sworn in as nation's first female president Afghanistan's first female mayor proves critics wrong. Azra Jafari has won respect in her community as she fights to improve lives and change attitudes towards women Horse meat found in Ikea's Swedish meatballs U.S. Confronts CyberCold War With China Bangladesh Moves To Ban Main Islamic Party Bangladesh's parliament has amended a law to allow the prosecution of the country's largest Islamic party JamaateIslami for war crimes and also eventually ban it. An energy revolution is taking place in East Africa as the price of solar technology tumbles and huge resources of geothermal steam beneath the Great Rift Valley start to be exploited, moves which have the potential to lift millions out of poverty and cut greenhouse gas emissions In groundbreaking move, S. Africa steps in over alleged Zimbabwe mass rapes Muslims Torch and Loot 200 Hindu Homes in West Bengal. Greece A promise from the army has been obtained to not intervene against a civil uprising  says exdiplomat Putin signs law banning smoking in public in Russia Icelands Plan to Ban Internet Porn Sparks Uproar Italy Election Bersani Ahead in Exit Polls, Berlusconi Trailing By Over 5% Chinese Communist Party leaders plan first central government overhaul in half a decade new leaders will this week consider plans to revamp the central government as part of efforts to streamline bureaucracy and boost an economy that's recovering from the slowest growth in 13 years Syria  The death of a country Eyewitnesses have come forward for the first time to support allegations that the Sri Lankan army executed two Tamil Tiger rebel leaders after they surrendered with a white flag in '09. This adds to a growing body of evidence of war crimes committed by the Sri Lankan military. BBC News  Cardinal Keith O'Brien steps down as Archbishop Ral Castro to step down as president in 2018 Indian Rocket Launches AsteroidHunting Satellites, Tiny Space Telescopes An underwater Grand Canyon has been discovered in images captured by a Royal Navy survey vessel in the Red Sea. These features could be the result of ancient rivers scouring through the rock strata before the Red Sea flooded millennia ago. From Bullets to Bistros the Mexico City Miracle  Even as drug war violence encroaches, a sharp drop in crime over the past decade has changed the culture of Mexico's capital. German Catholic Church to allow emergency contraception for rape victims   Church of Scientology in Sydney accused of holding a young Taiwanese woman hostage Rats trained to detect mines find 2400 landmines in Mozambique. North Korea expanding gulags, satellite images show As its vice president, the UN Human Rights Council has chosen as Mauritania  a country that allows 20% of its citizens, some as young as 10, to live as slaves. WikiLeaks has published over 40,000 secret documents regarding Venezuela, which show the clear hand of US imperialism in efforts to topple popular and democratically elected leader Hugo Chavez Deutsche Bank Is Caught In A Spiral Of Lies  Leaked internal studies show it had known for years that commodity speculation drove up food prices, but lied to German parliament about it Met Police rape unit 'encouraged' victims to retract cases Chinese Junk Patents Flood Into Australia, Allowing Chinese Companies To Strategically Block Innovation Chinas riskiest property market just collapsed. ..13 percent of Chinese GDP in 2011 came from real estate investment. Nine men accused of gangraping six girls aged between 11 and 15 How Demography Is Changing Japan  The increasingly inverted structure of Japans population pyramid, with fewer young people than old people, means that it will be very difficult to generate the tax revenues necessary to pay for the healthcare needs of the elderly. Lion populations have fallen by 68% in just 50 years  from 100,000 to 35,000 today.  As a member of the radical group Fuerza Nueva, Spaniard Emilio Hellin shot and killed a 19yearold girl in 1980.  After serving only 14 years of his 43yearsentence, he is now employed by the Spanish Interior Ministry as a security consultant
  Oxford sex gang victim aged 11 was randed with initial of her abuser' None of Japans 16 nuclear power plants has satisfied the government's proposed new safety standards, making them ineligible to be restarted in the near future, according to an Asahi Shimbun survey.

 Religious Schools in Canada protest antibullying laws, claiming it infringes upon their religious freedom by mandating acceptance of homosexuals Scotland Yards specialist sex crime team 'pressured woman to drop rape claim' against man who went on to murder his two children
 Italy in stalemate after election shock A hot air balloon flying over Egypt's ancient city of Luxor caught fire and crashed into a sugar cane field . . . killing at least 18 foreign tourists . . . It was one of the worst accidents involving tourists in Egypt and likely to push the key tourism industry deeper into recession. Mexican Farmers Turn Into Vigilantes To Fight Narco Traffickers Syrian Regime Launches Missile Strike on Aleppo and Kills 140 Iran tackles 'inappropriate dressing', by teaching chastity and hijab to toddlers Sex, secrets, and the race for the next pope  Pope Benedict is allegedly sitting on a secret dossier of purported scandals at the Vatican. Is there a cardinal alive who can fix this mess?  Iranian media alters Michelle Obama's Academy Awards dress to cover her shoulders Syrias Armenian minority flees from conflict  ArmenianSyrians are fleeing to other countries  as their families once fled to Syria for sanctuary after the 1915 Ottoman genocide.
 Maldives girl gets 100 lashes for premarital sex. 'A 15yearold rape victim has been sentenced to 100 lashes for engaging in premarital sex, court officials said' Compulsive liar jailed after 11 false rape claims in decade Australian Muslim activists lose free speech case. 'Australia's highest court on Wednesday narrowly rejected the case of two Muslim activists who argued they had a constitutional freespeech right to send offensive letters to families of Australian soldiers killed in Afghanistan' North Korea warns U.S. is within range of strategic rockets, nuclear weapons Chinese parents of gays and lesbians demand equal marriage rights 'Homosexuality is a ticking timebomb for the Catholic Church' Explosive claim of former friar who says half of recruits are gay We'll never stop eating whales, declares Japanese minister Afghan teenager whose nose & ears were cut off as punishment for attempting to flee an abusive marriage has revealed her new nose after reconstructive surgery. Aesha Mohammadzai appeared on the cover of Time magazine and became an international symbol of female oppression following her mutilation. Tony Blair People are still 'very abusive' to me 10 years after the Iraq War 9 year old boy hangs himself because he was being bullied for being white. Evidence is mounting that Chinas government is sponsoring the cybertheft of Western corporate secrets. Minister an smoking in cars carrying children' Beijing Restaurant Sign Triggers Fury  Sign at popular tourist spot  bars citizens of nations involved in maritime disputes with China,  triggering outrage among Vietnamese & Filipinos. It reads  This shop does not receive the Japanese,  Philippines, Vietnamese & dogs.  It's gone viral.



 At least 5 dead in Swiss workplace shooting New Zealand man eaten by Great White, Police shoot at shark. Deforestation rate in Venezuela reduced by 47% Amsterdam to raise prostitution age, bring in brothel closing hours. Niger arrests doctors after Bill Gates charity graft probe  Niger arrested about 20 doctors suspected of embezzling funds from a charity set up by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to promote vaccination in poor countries, judicial and police sources said on Monday. Antiprotest Bahrain bans import of plastic Guy Fawkes masks
 U.N. told atheists face discrimination around globe An accused rapist was allowed to walk free and later kill two children as a result of a London police policy to manipulate crime statistics by failing to record sexual assault allegations  Black Canadian police officer faces charges for not investigating racial taunts directed at him.  I was treated like a dog. In conservative Pakistan, everybody must get stoned. The garbage man doubles as a dealer, and you can light up in a prominent Sufi shrine  never mind the death penalty. The United Nations brought a deadly strain of cholera to Haiti that killed 8,000 people but accepts no responsibility for the disaster Salafists fail to stop 'Harlem Shake' in Tunisia 'Marijuana cannon' used to fire drugs over US border seized in Mexico South Africa shock as 'police dragging' video man dies The Pilot of the Hot Air Balloon that crashed jumped while it was 5 meters off the ground and let the tourists float up on their own Australian Muslim men charged with assault for enforcing Sharia law on recent Muslim convert by whipping him with electrical cord North Korean prison camp was the only life he knew  Camp 14 Total Control Zone is the harrowing and unmissable story of a man born in a North Korean prison camp.
 Secret War on Enemy Within British terror suspects quietly stripped of citizenship then killed by drones  

 Govt  secretly ramps up  controversial program that strips people of  British citizenship on national security grounds  with 2 of the men subsequently killed by American drone attacks Two to tango China accuses U.S. of almost 100,000 hacking attempts per month last year What Happened To The Aid Meant To Rebuild Haiti? Bangladesh sentences Islamist leader to death for war crimes Asda's 'Made in Italy' tomato puree actually hails from China Japan to Begin Restarting Idled Nuclear Plants All of Japans 50 operable nuclear reactors were shut down following the 2011 tsunami BBC News  EU agrees to cap bankersonuses The Harlem Shake becomes a protest in Egypt and Tunisia Chinese Woman Left Humiliated After Fake Baby Bump Tube Seat Con Is Exposed Court orders UK ISPs to block more piracy sites European Union Moves Toward Bonus Cap for Bankers South African police drag man 400m behind police van. (Video) Police assaulting a cameraman during a protest against the summit on higher education in Montreal (French video) Shell says it will pause drilling in Arctic Ocean for 2013 Millionaire Dennis Tito to send couple on manned Mars mission on Jan. 5, 2018 Australia makes largest meths seizure. 'Australian police say they have made their largestever seizure of the drug methamphetamine hidden in a shipment from southern China' First Tweet from North Korea  Hello World emember the hibernating Swede  Lived 2 months in a snowed in car and lost 60% of his body weight? New interview explaining why he did it. *translation in comments* BBC News  Greek exmayor jailed for life for embezzlement FOSS Patents UK judge who issued extreme ruling for Samsung against Apple hired by... Samsung! Manning statement Americans had a right to know 'true cost of war' Every year in China, 287,000 people end their lives by suicide The 81story skyscraper is all but invisible, shrouded by a layer of pollution so dense that even closeup objects are a blur. Taco Bell finds traces of horse meat in U.K. products. China Building 29 Nuclear Reactors, 40% of the World's Total  After  Fukushima meltdown, Germany announced it'd decommission all nuclear plants. Switzerland & Italy rejected proposals to build more. Japan shut down  reactors & hasn't restarted them. China, on the other hand, plowed ahead.




   Iceland's porn ban 'conflicts with the idea of a free society', say critics | World news Berlin Wall to be torn down for luxury flats 2 US Navy Sailors Convicted in Okinawa Rape Norwegian health minister supports making smoking heroin legalized, to make addicts quit using needles.  Here ComeChinas Drones  China is developing its own drone technology  for its own military and for sale around the world. Five women and one man are suing the Met Police over alleged intimate relationships with undercover police, including cases where children have been fathered. In Kenya, Half Brother To Obama Runs For Governor Dennis Rodman tells Kim Jong Un he has a 'friend for life' Publicly owned Royal Bank of Scotland admits 'chastening' year as losses breach 5bn, pays bonuses of 679m  all pretense is gone, this is blatant looting Delhi protest over 'sex attack' on sevenyearold girl There have been violent protests in the Indian capital, Delhi, after reports that a sevenyearold girl was sexually assaulted at school. Airline refuses to change woman's flights after her son was brutally killed by a Great White shark. Iran's nose jobs per capita rate is seven times that of the United States. Benedict XVI Formally Ends His Papacy and Leaves Vatican French forces in Mali have killed Abu Zeid, leader of AlQuaida in north africa (no link to an english article yet ) US Wins Appeal in Battle to Extradite Kim Dotcom BBC News  Mount Etna erupts from 'new crater'  Iran has stepped up executions of prisoners including juveniles as well as arrests of dissidents who are often tortured in jail, sometimes to death, the United Nations reported on Thursday. First photos of Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un at a basketball game in Pyongyang. Loss of wild pollinators serious threat to crop yields, study finds. Euro Zone Unemployment Rises to Record 11.9 percent The good news Meat Pies tested in Iceland contain no horse meat.  The bad news They also apparently contain no meat of any kind. European Officials Cap Banker Bonuses at Maximum of One Year of Salary Japanese bullet train carrying some 130 people derails in heavy snow in northern Japan The Vatican admitted on Thursday [28 February 2013] that it had secretly bugged clergy within the Holy See as part of the investigation into the Vatileaks scandal, which resulted in the Pope's butler being imprisoned for stealing confidential pontifical documents. 13YearOld Mexican Drug Cartel Hitman Found Dead, Tortured Lech Walesa, former president of Poland says Homosexuals should sit on the last bench in the plenary hall, or even behind the wall  Don't tear down our wall, Berliners plead Brazil's favelas, or slums, are home to a growing consumer class whose purchasing power has risen due to a jump in salaries, a decrease in unemployment, and greater access to education. US wins court appeal in battle to extradite Internet entrepreneur Kim Dotcom from New Zealand  The Holocaust Just Got More Shocking The Germans had vastly more work camps and ghettos than anyone knew Potatoes grown during the Famine available from next week, for the first time in almost 170 years  The Irish Times 'I am one of the Fukushima fifty' One of the men who risked their lives to prevent a catastrophe shares his story  Failing Drug War When Cops Become Criminals  The war on drugs has become so intense that the line between criminality and lawenforcement has blurred. 660,000 People In China Have Been Living With Almost No Water For Four Years US military expands its drug war in Latin America Tunisia Stumbles  It took the lead in Arab Spring, its revolution swift & peaceful. An assembly was elected to write a new constitution.  But it's getting more complicated. The prime minister resigned, an opposition leader was assassinated, &  public discontent is mounting.





   Italy exposes wider crisis of democracy  Those preaching austerity are contributing to a political meltdown Selfdestructive Europe Those preaching austerity are contributing to a crisis of democracy. Research shows that nearly 100 million sharks are killed annually One doctors dream to keep Indias last polio ward empty. Polio once claimed thousands of victims a year in India. But its two years since the last case. S. Africa cops charged with murder after death of man dragged by police van NASA probes find new radiation belt encircling Earth Egypt considering renting out the Pyramids. THE PRICE OF IVORY From Elephants Mouths, an Illicit Trail to China The Natoled Isaf force has apologised for the deaths of two Afghan boys, killed when a helicopter fired on them, mistaking them for insurgents.

The boys, aged under seven, were killed last month in rural Uruzgan province.