 Tribes vow to fighttothedeath to save Amazon rainforest Two Chinese kindergarten students die after rival school poisons yogurt No news is good news No successful Somali pirate hijackings in nearly a year. Suicide No. 1 cause of death for younger people in South Korea Rat meat sold as lamb in Shanghai China arrests 900 over 20,000 tonnes of tainted meat products and fox, mink and rat passed off as mutton Killer robots that can attack targets without any human input should not have the power of life and death over human beings, a new draft U.N. report says. A lawmaker from Greece's extremeright Golden Dawn party allegedly tried to punch the mayor of Athens on Thursday, swinging at him but reportedly missing and hitting a 12yearold girl instead. 'The civil war in Iraq has already begun' Politician claims conflict has started and warns it will be worse than Syria How Israel is squeezing the Palestinians out of their own land No one should be jailed in secret, says top judge  Lord chief justice issues urgent guidance to judges following court of protection's imprisonment of Wanda Maddocks US calls for immediate release of Kenneth Bae from North Korean jail SATs cancelled in South Korea due to continued leaking of questions. First Richard III, now Roman cemetery found under Leicester, UK car park. British fighters in Syria UK to withdraw the passports of those suspected of involvement in terrorist activities abroad who might return with enhanced capabilities to launch attacks at home China's People's Daily newspaper mocked over its new, phallic headquarters Hospitals regularly save money by medical repatriation of undocumented workers, whereby an unconscious patient is flown to their home country without their consent. 'Appalling irresponsibility' Senior scientists attack Chinese researchers for creating new strains of influenza virus in veterinary laboratory New evidence from NASA modeling study that global warming may increase the risk for extreme rainfall & drought. Rogue Economists Champion Prosperity without Growth phasing out the 'totalitarian consumerism' that gives people desires that, until recently, they didn't even suspect they would ever have. Footage of a Massacre in Tivoli Gardens, Jamaica Guatemala state of siege declared as Army, police crack down after protests against Canadianowned mine 'Burglar' found stuck in chimney after several weeks Google 'recognizes' Palestine Prosecutor in Bhutto Killing and Mumbai Attacks Assassinated in Pakistan Israel confirms airstrike inside Syria Sources U.S. believes Israel has conducted an airstrike into Syria A large, unprecedentedly coordinated campaign in India has eradicated polio. If no new cases are recorded by the end of this year, India will be officially considered poliofree Engineer who warned that Bangladesh building was unsafe has been arrested; death toll from building collapse tops 500 China will not accept N. Korea as 'nucleararmed state' official Australia is suspending the export of live cattle to Egypt after video emerged showing extreme cruelty to animals in Egyptian abattoirs Obama Blames U.S. For Gun Violence In Mexico In a $100 million strategically important move to counter China, India to upgrade Iran's crucial Chabahar port. Chabahar port will give India a transit route to landlocked Afghanistan. Why are Buddhist monks attacking Muslims? Unless domestic dairy companies improve the quality of their products substantially and stop using banned chemicals, and the government tightens supervision and punishes the enterprises guilty of poisoning our children, Chinese people will not believe in domestic products. US military secrets leaked to Chinese hackers for three years Japan calls for solving N.Korea human rights issue The Japanese government held a symposium to raise international awareness of North Korea's abductions of foreign nationals in New York on Friday. Africans are beating the dreaded river blindness by capturing the black flies responsible their spread; they use themselves as bait. Chinese boat 'damaged' Philippine coral reef  AsiaPacific  Al Jazeera English Canada accuses Qatar of trying to buy UN agency China Is Censoring Jokes About Its Propaganda Machine's PenisShaped HQ 100 dead and rescuers trapped in Darfur gold mine disaster Saudi royal family sold large amounts of Dell computer equipment to the Syrian government, while selling arms to rebels Air India pilots suspended for leaving cabin crew in charge of plane while they slept in business class Report Israeli Airstrikes on Syria China's ambassador to the US warned Washington not to lift the rock off Japan only to let it drop on its own feet. Israel airstrikes in Syria BBC News  Syrians flee 'massacres' in Baniyas and alBayda Norwegian Parliament Approves Extreme Version Of SOPA, is this a real thing? Three deaths lift China's H7N9 fatality count to 27, case count remains at 128 A huge explosion has hit Damascus, the capital of Syria. This is video footage of it (0.20). More in the comments. Syria Attack on military facility was a 'declaration of wary Israel Inside Denmark's 'Fixing Rooms', Where Nurses Watch As Addicts Inject In Safety Away from public view, this safe haven for drug users has 1,000 regulars. Crime is down, the streets are safer. Could it work in Britain? Dutch Police Allowed to Hack into Foreign Servers  Netherlands govt grants hacking permission to fight online crime. The powers, which also give police the ability to install spyware, read emails & delete files, will be subject to the oversight of a judge, but critics warn of dangerous precedent. Israel may reportedly join defense pact with Saudi Arabia, UAE (India) Man rescues fiance from brothel, is later accused by police in taking part in her kidnapping. Man and woman claim police corruption. Karzai Says He Was Assured C.I.A. Would Continue Delivering Bags of Cash A recent UN survey suggested an astounding 99.3% of Egyptian women have been sexually harassed The smuggled chocolate treats of North Korea Chinese officials try to dissuade environmental protest by making Saturday a work day and holding weekendlong earthquake police drills. Syria stations missile batteries aimed at Israel Girls in Saudi Arabia to be allowed to play sports in private schools for the first time South Korean President to Visit United States  VOA Saudi Arabia Issues First AntiDomestic Abuse Advert For Women & Children Vatican Uncovers 1st Western Painting of Native Americans  Hidden for over 5 centuries, images of dancing naked men wearing feathered headdresses found while restoring 1494 fresco. The Borgia Pope arbitrated the division of New World lands between Spain & Portugal. Pakistan's women face battle for the right to vote Female activists plan to deploy protection teams to polling stations in forthcoming elections Large explosions shake Syrian capital. State TV says a military research center has been attacked Syria Attack on military facility was a 'declaration of wary Israel Syria considers retaliation and claims alliance between Islamic terrorists and Israel Ethiopian Religious Groups Want Death Penalty for Gays Egypt mob lynches teenage son of an Islamist leader Israel launches second airstrike in Syria, targeting weapons shipment Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) plans to complete the transfer of radioactive water from leaking underground storage pools to tanks above ground at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant early in June. Egypt, Arab League condemn Israeli 'attacks' in Syria To join EU, Croatia may give up its wine in trademark dispute [xpost /r/LegalNews] Canadian teacher's career ruined by cyberstalker exgirlfriend even after she was placed in jail and ordered to pay him damages. Not many schools want to hire a teacher who is accused of being a pedophile. No jab, no play campaign launched to ban unvaccinated kids from childcare centres and preschools Worlds first 3Dprinter gun fired  worlds first gun made using a 3D printer is successfully tested in the US by a group planning to make the blueprints available online They're taking our children  West Papua's youth are being removed to Islamic religious schools in Java for reeducation Hundreds of thousands of hardline Islamists demanding a new blasphemy law on Sunday blocked highways and fought running battles with police, leaving four people dead and hundreds injured in Bangladesh. Chanting Allahu Akbar and Atheists must be hanged Botched Kim Dotcom case spurs New Zealand to allow domestic spying 'PM John Key issued a public apology to Dotcom and a subsequent inquiry released last month found another 88 NZ citizens or residents may have been illegally spied on.' Hong Kong Risks Losing Rare Pink Dolphins  Numbers fall from 158 to 78. Tour guide spots them aiding mother hold her dead calf above water in attempt to revive it in 3rd such incident in April. Were 99% certain it died of toxins in the mothers milk, accumulated from polluted seawater. Tantrum exposes Mexican class divide. If you are born in poverty, you'll die in it too. UN Investigators Say Syrian Rebels  Not Assad  Used Sarin Gas 'Catholic mafia' inside NSW police force hindered police probe into child sex abuse special commission. BBC News  Barnet Councillor Brian Coleman admits parking row attack An exConservative mayor has admitted attacking a woman as she filmed him parking illegally on a street where he had helped introduce unpopular parking charges. Paul Hellyer, former Minister of Defense of Canada, addresses current Canadian Goverment Cabinet Members and asks for Full Disclosure of the fact that ET's are currently living on the Earth and working with the US Government. Says it is time the public is made aware. Malaysia election sees record turnout Ruling coalition wins majority extending its 56year rule, officials say Vultures in the French Pyrenees took less than 50 minutes to devour a tourist who fell when trying to take a shortcut. 'only bones, clothes and shoes left on the ground' UN Rebels, not Assad, appear to have used chemical weapons Israel says Google's 'Palestine' page harms peace hopes Police take 16 yearold girl into custody for dressing inappropriately Hunger rises in Great Britain Mexican journalists' sons killed; seven bodies found near Mexico City Indian shop owner, passionate for education, runs school for poor kids under a railway bridge South Korea rejects North demands  Seoul describes Pyongyang's conditions to restarting the Kaesong Industrial Complex as 'incomprehensible' Most sexual assault victims have little faith in justice system survey Australia Defends Live Animal Export Trade After Shocking New Footage  Insists regulation is at alltime high. A bloodied bull is seen being attacked with a knife repeatedly stabbed in the face & cut across the legs before collapsing in a pool of blood. Other scenes show inept kills. MI6 'handing bundles of cash to Hamid Karzai' World War II hero honoured in Canberra  saved the lives of up to 100,000 people during the Holocaust North Korea withdraws missiles Antigay group in New Zealand, Family First, will lose its charity status  they have no public benefit A hunger strike has been going on at the Guantanamo bay prison since 90 days. More than 2/3rd of the prisoners are hunger striking. Bank of China Cuts Off North Korea Trade Bank One of China's biggest banks said Tuesday it has halted business with a North Korean bank accused by the U.S. of financing Pyongyang's missile and nuclear programs in the latest sign of Beijing's anger with its estranged ally. US returns stolen Tyrannosaurus dinosaur to Mongolia Pakistan election 25 dead after suicide bomber targets rally British politicians have said they want a cut in the price of alcohol at bars in the House of Commons  despite the price being significantly cheaper than nearby pubs Ecuador Auctions Off Amazon Rainforest to Chinese Oil Companies Irish government to formally pardon thousands branded traitors and deserters for fighting alongside Britain in second world war Why have so few bankers gone to jail for their part in the crisis? In Britain not one senior banker has faced criminal charges relating to the failure of his institution. In America, prosecutors have brought few criminal charges against highprofile bankers. Germany's Paradox FamilyFriendly Benefits, But Few Kids  It's 1 of most generous countries in world in helping women raise families, including healthcare, parental leave, daycare & tax breaks. Yet Germany has the lowest birthrate on the continent & many benefits hurt women. Thousands protest in Moscow, in attempt to reinvigorate opposition to Putin government Mayon Volcano Philippines...worlds most perfect conical volcano, just erupted. 5 climbers killed, more trapped. Syrian rockets hit Israeli territory Explosions heard near missle facility in Tehran The Clouded Leopard has been declared extinct Shopkeepers in the Indian city of Bhopal have created their own ''currency'' , In an unprecedented move faced with the shortage of  5 coins, shopkeepers here have introduced a parallel currency which they are willing to trade with Rightwing extremists shout Nazi salutes and attack a man they believe is Jewish. Blackbooted militants frighten aging Holocaust survivors. Writings of authors linked to a proNazi regime are recommended reading for school children. Hungary is seeing a rise in antiSemitism. Generation Jobless Almost 290m people under the age of 24 are neither working nor studying Israel in talks to join alliance with Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey German online editor send into prison because he refused to reveal the identity of a webpage user German police arrest 93yearold suspected of being Auschwitz guard U.S. officials had blundered into a circular firing squad. Salehi, the subject of the U.S. government's corruption test case, was also the U.S. government's intermediary for covert cash payments to Karzai. Armless artist Karipbek Kuyukov denied entry to UK because he could not give fingerprints An 11 year  old elementary school girl told to remove hockey jersey Internet Traffic from Syria Just Disappeared Peru says no to GMO the first country in the Americas to ban genetically modified foods, putting its food policy closer to that of Europe, than the US or many of its South American neighbors Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel Ecuador to sell 3 million hectares of rainforest to Chinese oil interests France 'rejects' Bob Dylan for Legion of Honor award because he smoked pot and objected to Vietnam war Russia Not to Tolerate Further Israeli Attacks on Damascus North Korea will no longer be rewarded for provocative behaviour, US President Barack Obama has said at a joint news conference with South Korea's leader. Elephant Slaughter Underway at DzangaNdoki National Park in Central African Republic. It turns out that Stephen Hawkings cancelled trip to Israel is not a matter of boycotting the Jewish state, but rather merely a result of his health Dalai Lama condemns Myanmar attacks on Muslims A Final Embrace The Most Haunting Photograph from Bangladesh's Building Collapse. Google reactivates Speak2Tweet for Syrian Internet cutoff Several dead as Italy ship crashes into tower Uk gorvernment set to destroy DNA samples that can be used to solve cold cases A judge on Tuesday ruled that Chevron Corp's chief executive must testify in the U.S. oil company's fraud case against Ecuadoreans seeking to collect on a $19 billion judgment against Chevron related to rainforest pollution. [xpost from /r/LegalNews] Scientists are making plants into light sources Belgium says 31 detained in $50m diamond heist. A fault in optical fibre cables is to blame for Syria's continued internet blackout, local staterun media said. Ray Harryhausen, master of stop motion animation dies. Assad's forces capture strategic town in southern Syria [Xpost /r/NewsCrowd] Generation J(obless) A Quarter Of The Planet's Youth Is Neither Working Nor Studying Chinese Turn to White House Website for Help with Petitions Israel has collected some 1,000 DNA samples from African migrants, but denies creating database  Israel Police commander admits migrants charged with infiltration in order to obtain samples, says authorized to do so in order to identify offenders with no other identification. Syrian militants capture UN peacekeepers in Golan Heights President Assad says he can face Israel as Syria loses access to internet North Korea asks China to hire idled workers from closed Kaesong industrial complex, China declines Stephen Hawking confirms he is boycotting Israeli conference North Korean LongRange Missiles Might Be Fake Fuel ports were in weird places. Cables looked like they weren't laid correctly. The warheads appeared to be made of cheap metal sheeting or perhaps wood. There were so many problems that most experts agree The missiles on parade weren't real Rupert Murdoch must step down as News Corporation chair  shareholders Downloads for 3Dprinted Liberator gun reach 100,000 Reports from Tibet that Chinese authorities have begun demolishing holy districts of Lhasa, including Jokhang Temple; shopping mall and parking lot construction plans cited Two women to run for Iranian Presidency Russia will do its best to stop anybody from starting a war  Putin Israel Approves 296 West Bank Settler Homes Chevron Using 60 Law Firms and 2,000 Legal Personnel To Evade Ecuador Environmental Liability, Company Reports Disney pulls bid to try to trademark the Mexican Holiday Dia de los Muertos Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in jail for tax fraud A B.C. man who vanished a decade ago in a possible underworld killing set up offshore companies and bank accounts before he went missing. He is among the 450 Canadians named in the recent massive leak of taxhaven data Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in prison Pakistan Court condemns U.S. drone attack as a war crime The other gender divide where men are losing out  Feminists are redrawing their battle lines. But data on topics from domestic violence to education show men have problems too. Age of consent should be 13 says a prominent British barrister A leading evangelical Christian pastor has been arrested in a Rio suburb for the alleged rape of six women, including three minors, police said A schoolgirl (14) was repeatedly raped by newspaper tycoon after being 'sold' to him for 650, a court heard Greek Youth Unemployment Rises Above 60 Percent B'Tselem More than 50% of Palestinians killed in Israel's last Gaza operation were civilians  Diplomacy & Defense  Israel News Athens mayor sues neoNazi MP who punched a 12yearold girl while trying to assault him Researchers mix cells from human adult gum tissue with toothinducing cells from mouse embryos to grow new hybrid teeth complete with roots. Blast rips through Moscow bus on Victory Day. An explosion has hit a bus in northern Moscow, ripping the vehicle's roof off and shattering its windows. Mass protest in Beijing over police handling of gang rape case [UPDATING] Pirate Bay takes over distribution of censored 3D Printable Gun Monsanto protests scheduled in 36 countries China Destroying Thousand Year Old Buddhas in Afghanistan. This is becoming way too common... The authorities at Guantnamo Bay say that prisoners have a choice. They can eat or, if they refuse to, they will have a greased tube stuffed up their noses, down their throats and into their stomachs, through which they will be fed. New Zealand Government Announces That Software Will No Longer Be Patentable UN study shocking levels of sexual violence in China  1 in 4 men admit to rape Three men have been arrested after police held back hundreds of ultraOrthodox protesters trying to prevent a liberal Jewish women's group from praying at Jerusalem's Western Wall. International Space Station crew plans daring spacewalk to fix leak Mystery surrounds North Korea's decision to grant top military honor to female traffic cop Defector organization believes she saved Kim Jong Un from assassination attempt Researchers find prejudice, racism and intolerance are more likely to be present with individuals with greater cognitive rigidity, less cognitive flexibility and lower integrative complexity. basically racism is linked to stupidity. Kofi Annan Africa plundered by secret mining deals High Court ruling in Pakistan CIA drone strikes illegal. Judge calls for U.N. sanctions against U.S. Regulators Reject Proposal That Would Bring FoxStyle News to Canada Israel condemns Church of Scotland report that questions Jews' divine right to Israel Ultra Orthodox Jews clash with Israeli police in attempt to stop women praying at western wall. Pew Poll Israelis, on balance, believe an independent Palestinian state can coexist peacefully with their country. Palestinians overwhelmingly do not think this is possible, and plurality believes armed struggle rather than negotiations or nonviolent resistance is the best way to achieve statehood. International Space Station has ammonia leak in cooling system Dhaka building collapse 'Woman found alive' in rubble after 17 days China Refuses to Confirm Okinawa And Other Ryukyuan Islands Belong to Japan In Hours, Thieves Took $45 Million in A.T.M. Scheme Turkey 'will support' Syria nofly zone  Europe On Victory Day, Putin Says Russian Soldiers Freed Europe. Western Black Rhino declared extinct. Survivor rescued from Dhaka Factory rubble 17 Days After the Collapse Syrian girls 'sold for marriage' in Jordan refugee camps Emergency space walk on the ISS to fix an ammonia leak about to happen LIVE right now! Settlements on the West Bank are illegal and therefore the produce of those settlements should be treated as illegal throughout the European Union  Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Fossil fuel companies have sabotaged all political efforts to stop global heating. Governments have been corrupted and stopped from really trying. Saskatoon police mourn local drunk they considered a friend 7 EyeCatching Chinese Petitions Submitted to the White House  Chinese citizens, frustrated by censorship in their own country, are using the White House's petition site to complain. Millions of Chinese internet users have posted online pledges not to kill themselves in recent days, a reaction to a woman's death that police concluded was suicide, despite rumours it was murder. Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt convicted of genocide and crimes against humanity 3 Male fish, Last of Their Kind, Must Find a Mate or Go Extinct  London Zoo is home to 2 of 3 Mangarahara cichlids known to exist. We're urgently appealing to anyone who owns or knows someone who may own these critically endangered fish, which are silver with an orangetipped tail. A 6.2 quake has struck Southern Iran  Updates inside. 4 killed, 18 injured as explosions rock Turkish town on Syrian border  officials Carbon Dioxide Levels Exceed LongFeared Milestone Bradford Muslims Rally To Save Synagogue From Closure German potato cartel has allegedly been fixing supermarket prices for more than a decade, costing consumers and farmers more than 100 million Greece says austerity measures working as budget deficit falls to less than half the sum initially forecast One of the worlds largest, longest and nastiest courtroom battles was escalated today by Chevron, which sued Patton Boggs, the powerhouse law firm, for alleged fraud and malicious prosecution in an Ecuadoran pollution case. Why the TransPacific Partnership Is a Scary Big (Trade) Deal  a supersized NAFTA, the TPP gives foreign corporations privileges that can override domestic laws on environmental health and citizens rights Seventeen pregnant teenage girls and 11 babies have been rescued from a house in Nigeria's southeastern Imo state, police have said. Noam Chomsky was behind lobby to get Stephen Hawking to boycott Israel conference Mexico slaughters 55,000 chickens at a farm where avian flu was detected 86 year old former dictator of Guatemala given 80 year sentence for genocide of Mayan group. S. Korean presidential press secretary fired amid an investigation into the alleged groping of woman in a Washington hotel Prototype flying car crashes in British Columbia  2 injured Strange Argentina ghost town that was underwater for 25 years reemerges as tourist attraction Russia denies new sales of advanced air defense system, the S300 to Syria. Won't confirm or deny if old contracts included a sale of the system. Canadian mobsters killed in 'oldfashioned' Sicilian mafia hit | guardian North Korea Caves to Chinese Pressure; Puts Missiles in Storage UAE rape victim jailed Huge Chinese essay writing service uncovered in New Zealand President Raul Castro's daughter leads march for gay rights in Cuba Russian Tortured to Death for 'Being Gay'  In a rare admission from Russian authorities, the torture death of a young gay man in Volgograd last week has been confirmed as a hate crime. There are growing fears by rights groups that antigay sentiments are on the rise in the country. The severity of air pollution in China has rattled Chinese leaders. While they have, on occasion, closed factories and restricted traffic to clear the air for special events, so far they have lacked the will or the capacity to reduce air pollution on a sustained basis. Israel's prime minister faces criticism over $127,000 bed installed on plane Australia has a new program that offers millionaires residency in return for a portion of their wealth There are currently a hundred locust swarms in Madagascar, totaling around 500 billion locusts, eating around 100,000 metric tons of vegetation per day. Coke lobbying against Australian recycling legislation & accused of pressuring Australian media to withdraw Greenpeace ad highlighting it's activities Arrival of U.S. aircraft carrier infuriates North Korea China's StateRun TV Uses Daily Show Clip To Demonize US, Viewers Point Out The Irony Wall of ice rises out of lake and destroys homes in Canada Egyptian police have arrested three alQaeda militants planning a suicide attack on a Western embassy The UN in Mali says the #2 general in command of the current international support mission there has been found dead in his hotel room. Psychologists attack psychiatrists MORE than 80,000 people have been killed in Syria's conflict since it erupted more than two years ago, a monitoring group says. Recession is a good time to exploit cheap labour, says David Cameron aide Morocco launches worlds largest solar power project A second case of a new SARSlike coronavirus has been diagnosed in France, the Health Ministry said on Sunday, in what appeared to be a case of humantohuman transmission. Thousands of babies sold on Indonesian black market The World Health Organization says it appears likely that the novel coronavirus (NCoV) can be passed between people in close contact. Twin car bombs killed 43 people and wounded many more in a Turkish town near the Syrian border on Saturday and the government said it suspected Syrian involvement. DPRK lists crimes of detained American Two Candidates Shake Up Irans Presidential Race as LastMinute Entries Poacher Trampled to Death by the Elephant He was Trying to Shoot SATs cancelled in South Korea due to suspect cheating. First time an entire country has been banned from taking the test. Swaziland makes it illegal for a witch to fly a broomstick above 150m Russian Man Raped with Beer Bottles and Penis Chopped off For Being Gay  His Skull Crushed New Fatal Virus Infects Two in France, Likely Spreads PersontoPerson 350,000 fake ballots found just before the elections in Bulgaria (10% of the voting population) 27% of Spaniards are out of work. Yet in one town everyone has a job Marinaleda is run along the lines of a communist Utopia and boasts collectivised lands A major Mayan Monument had been bulldozed for roadfill aggregate. Noh Mul in Belize  repost from /Archaeology Mahmoud Ahmadinejad could face 74 lashes over Iran election 'violation' Acid Attacks Against Women on the Rise in Italy  A vicious spate of copycat acid crimes has shocked the European country& reveals a deepseated culture of violence against women. Poachers Kill 26 African Elephants At World Heritage Site  News  Nature World News Taliban renounces war on antipolio workers Today is astronaut Chris Hadfield's last full day on the International Space Station Good Catholics Use Condoms ads outrage Kenyan Catholic community Egypt, Turkey and Tunisia are all slowly islamizing US and South Korean intelligence agencies are sitting on a huge archive recording torture, starvation and gross human rights abuses in North Korea. Egyptian man goes undercover as a woman to explore sexual harassment | World | News Bangladesh ends search for collapse victims; final toll 1,127 The collapse of the Rana Plaza building is the worst tragedy in the history of the global garment manufacturing industry Italian soccer match stopped due to racist abuse of Milan's Balotelli Greece has threatened high school teachers with arrest if they go ahead with a nationwide strike David Bowie's Space Oddity, recorded by Commander Chris Hadfield on board the International Space Station [Video] A landfill site that was one of the biggest in Europe has been turned into a nature reserve with rare species now finding refuge on top of nearly 50 years of rubbish. Turkish F16 fighter jet crashes near Syrian border Mystery virus death toll hits 15 in Saudi Arabia 'Two of the worlds largest apparel companies  H&M and Inditex, owner of the Zara chain  agreed to sign a farreaching and legally binding plan that requires retailers to help finance fire safety and building improvements in the factories they use in Bangladesh.' Astronauts Chris Hadfield, Tom Marshburn, and Roman Romanenko have just touched down in Kazakhstan after 146 days in the International Space Station during Expedition 35. 2,300 year old Mayan pyramid destroyed to harvest rock for use as road fill. Australian Man Dead for 40 Minutes Brought Back to Life By New Resuscitation Technique Thieves break into stadium safe Ocean's 11 style after Bon Jovi and Justin Bieber concerts, make off with millions. Bowie responds to Hadfield's Space Oddity Canada Sells Out Science Graphic video shows Syrian rebel commander cutting out government soldier's heart and eating it India develops its own diarrhoea vaccine much cheaper than western and expected to save thousands of children lives Czech president, so drunk he can barely stand, staggers through formal state ceremony on national TV CIA agent trying to recruit Russian intelligence officer detained in Moscow Child Molesting Commanders, Heroin Addicted Soldiers  Eye Opening War In Afghanistan Documentary U.N. Eating insects is good for you and world. The U.N. is promoting edible insects as a lowfat, highprotein food Japan WWII 'comfort women' were 'necessary'  Hashimoto The United Nations has proposed a single solution to both hunger and obesity around the globe Eating insects. The French government is considering introducing a 1% tax on the sale of smartphones and tablets to help fund French film, music and images. British schoolgirl 'murdered for her organs' in India, family claim The mystery of Shane Todd Did US electronic engineer commit suicide  or was he murdered because he knew too many Chinese secrets? US shale oil supply shock shifts global power balance USA could be all but selfsufficient in its energy needs by about 2035. Millions of phone records revealing age, address and even the websites you visited were offered for sale to police in controversial deal Death Toll in Syria Likely as High as 120,000 The British say the French are the most arrogant people in Europe  and the French agree Sun power advocacy lights up The millionplus Australian residents with solar panels on their roofs will be less likely to be treated poorly by power companies and politicians following the creation of a new advocacy group, its backers say Atheist Bloggers Arrested in Bangladesh Mining company working with Indonesian government to strip forest of protected status New street drug 40 times worse than heroin Montreal Police Theres a country that will pay $300,000 per rhino horn to cure cancer and hangovers, and its wiping out rhinos Teacher in Qatar jailed for insulting Islam and faces seven years in prison. He was simply trying to teach his students to be tolerant of people from other countries. Brits are now poorer than the French, Swiss, Belgians, Swedes, Austrians, Aussies and Canadians Pirate Bay CoFounder to Run For European Parliament BP and Shell raided in oil pricerigging investigation If women don't want to be raped they shouldn't drink too much, says Hong Kong official The gap between rich and poor widened more in the three years to 2010 than in the previous 12 years, the OECD group of industrialised nations has said. It says the richest 10% of society in the 33 OECD countries received 9.5 times that of the poorest in terms of income, up from nine times in 2007. Raids on BP, Shell, and Statoil for evidence of price fixing. Canipre, the company helping movie studios sue you for illegal downloading, has been using images without permission. Walmart opts out of Bangladesh safety agreement Saudi Arabia Confirms 6 New Cases of SARSlike Virus Malaria and HIV Spike as Greece Cuts Healthcare Spending A UKbased pharmaceutical company has stopped selling a drug to Arkansas because the US state planned to use it to execute prisoners on death row 5 signs there's something fishy about the alleged CIA spy arrested in Moscow Palestinians face daily struggle in Egypt  Palestinian refugees do not have access to free medical care or education, creating cycle of poverty. Osaka mayor Wild US Marines should consider using prostitutes. Ahmadinejad aide, running for president, threatens to reveal incriminating information about the regime. Argentines are now allowed to know the real rate of inflation, thanks to their courts Rescuers have found four bodies and rescued 10 of the dozens trapped underground after a tunnel caved in at a giant U.S.owned gold and copper mine in Timika, Papua province, eastern Indonesia. A X47B drone took off from the deck of an American aircraft carrier for the first time, in a test flight that could eventually open the way for the U.S. to launch unmanned aircraft from just about any place in the world Where Private School Is Not a Privilege  Two school systems in Kenya and in Bangladesh  are making decent education accessible to the worlds poorest on a giant scale. Irish government wants the power to shut down the mobile phone network. El Salvador gang truce leads to plummeting murder rates Japanese manned submersible finds signs of submerged continent off Brazil Sex workers in China subject to police abuse Officers sometimes detain women only on the basis of their carrying condoms, thus deterring their use among sex workers and increasing the risk of spreading HIV  Human Rights Watch Pope Francis has denounced the global financial system, blasting the cult of money that he says is tyrannizing the poor and turning humans into expendable consumer goods Money has to serve, not to rule! KFC smugglers bring buckets of chicken through Gaza tunnels  Gazans with a hankering for the Colonel's secret recipe can call up a delivery company and get some finger lickin' food smuggled hot from Egypt in just three hours. Australian Web filters, ostensibly put in place to block child pornography sites is now being used to block other sites deemed unlawful by Government Agencies. 11 Governments Are Meeting in Peru to Figure Out How They Can Control the Internet Sharia law used in the United Arab Emirates to jail Australian woman after she was gangraped  Her drink was spiked. Three colleagues then raped her. Under Sharia law, four adult Muslim men need to witness rape, otherwise the woman is sent to prison for sex outside marriage. Czech pharmacies begin selling medical marijuana A man has shot himself in front of a dozen children in the corridor of a nursery school in Paris. Teen uses metal detector, finds rare Vikingera coins and other items in a field in northern Denmark WalMart and GAP refuse liability for workers in their sweatshops Star Wars and Doctor Who fans clash at scifi convention. Police called. China lays claim to Okinawa as territory dispute with Japan escalates South Korea recognizes spousal rape as a crime for first time. Saudi religious police boss condemns Twitter users. 'Sheikh Abdul Latif Abdul Aziz alSheikh said anyone using social media sites  and especially Twitter  has lost this world and his afterlife' New Zealand Govt Wants To Spy On All Communications, VPNs, And Be Able To Use Secret Evidence Against You Israel starts process of authorising new West Bank settlement Scientists Report First Success in Cloning Human Stem Cells British prime minister threatens to prosecute oil bosses. Oil company executives should face criminal prosecution if they are found to have fixed the price of gas. Israel Hints at New Strikes, Warning Syria Not to Retaliate Oldest water on earth discovered... Some scientists contend laws against harvest of rhino horns has same effect as prohibition did for alcohol it created a lucrative black market. Some scientists think creating a regulated market for farmed rhino horns may be the only path to prevent their extinction. Australia to stock up on US drones Saudi princes fail to win sovereign immunity in UK court case Malaysian couple sentenced to 24 years in prison for fatally starving Cambodian housemaid Pope Francis on Thursday [16 May 2013] called on world leaders to put an end to the 'cult of money' and to do more to help the poor, warning that insecurity was rising in many regions of the world and the 'joy of life' was diminishing in developed countries. North Korea Swiss Mission in the DMZ  With a delegation marooned inside the no man's land between North and South Korea since 1953, Switzerland maintains fragile ties with the North. Christianity could be facing a catastrophic collapse in Britain according to official figures suggesting it is declining 50 percent faster than previously thought. ProLife activists threaten to slit throat of Irish member of Parliament over proposed abortion legislation. They have also threatened to burn down her house. Syria is not breaking apart  It is already broken apart and is now a collection of armed fiefs loyal to 3 groups Lifesaving drugs prices set to fall by up to 80 per cent in India Chinese touristsad manners harming country's reputation, says senior official OECD The widest gaps between rich and poor were registered in Chile, Mexico, Turkey and the United States. Author Who Chronicled Mexicos Drugs War Forced to Flee  He said 'run', then hung up. She tells how colleague's disappearance meant she had to escape. Her blog partner is still missing. Russia's foreign minister 'does not understand' uproar over Syria arms sales We have not hidden that we supply weapons to Syria under signed contracts, without violating any international agreements, or our own legislation Golden Dawn Member Of Parliament Yells 'Heil Hitler' In The Middle Of A Debate An Australian man who raped and strangled his Indian student neighbour and threw her body into a canal in a suitcase was jailed Friday for 45 years for the horrifying murder. Fifteen killed by suicide bomber in Kabul Dead included two Nato soldiers and four contractors UK MP to Google 'you do do evil' when it comes to tax You are a company that says you do no evil. I think that you do do evil in that you use smoke and mirrors to avoid paying tax. US slams Japanese mayor's sexslave comments  State Department says comments by mayor that sex slaves were necessary during World War II were outrageous The Head of King Richard III Has Been 3DPrinted From His Exhumed Skull Unmoved by Israel, Russia will send top airdefense system to Assad [xpost /r/syriancivilwar] Toronto Star reporters have seen video of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack Why is violent crime so rare in Iceland? Portugal expands adoption rights for samesex married couples, refuses unrestricted adoptions US seizes top Bitcoin exchange as crackdown begins Former Argentine dictator Videla dead At least 13 killed, 45 wounded as bombs go off in two Pakistani mosques New, poisonous, methlike drug sisa is sweeping through Athens. Many addicts live for only a few months. Women's Prison in Gaza Swells With 'Moral' Criminals Earthquake felt in Toronto, Canada, reported as Magnitude 5.0 The French Supreme Court ruled on gay marriage it is constitutional NASA Meteor slams into Moon, causes explosion visible to naked eye on Earth Lebanese Man Impregnates His Sister, Kills Her in 'Honor Crime' According to a leaked email, Fox News journalists were ordered to cast doubt on climate change Saudi woman makes history by reaching Everest summit A group of pregnant Canadian women launched a classaction lawsuit against the maker of a recalled birth control pill after it was discovered the packages contained mostly placebos North Korea just launched three short range missiles. Guantanamo hunger strike enters 100th day Director of Australia's largest dance studio, caught with thousands of child pornography images, taking pictures of, and molesting students. Aussie government tries to block two sites, takes down 1,200 Afghan lawmakers block legislation protecting womens rights Washington Gets Explicit Its 'War On Terror' Is Permanent Israeli intelligence official Assad preferable to rebels The Unsafe Sex Should The World Invest More In Men's Health? Bashar alAssad 'We can't negotiate with fragmented rebels'. The Syrian president says that the opposition could not uphold any peace deal, and blames the west for supporting them It has emerged that Hamburg managed to scrape past a catastrophe on May 1st when firefighters swiftly removed radioactive containers and explosives from a burning ship in the city's harbour Five critical, 30 forcefed, 102 to 130 taking part  data that makes for grim reading as the Guantanamo hunger strike enters its 100th day Syrias Bashar AlAssad is Winning Rare good news for elephants Gabon steps in to help protect elephants from ivory poaching at site of massacre in the Central African Republic Gay marriage to become legal in France by Saturday North Korea Fires Missiles Into Sea A Chinese manager working in Pakistan occupied Kashmir was arrested for 'throwing Quran' Man who put a chastity lock on wife gets jailed Afghan Mineral Treasures Stay Buried, Hostages to Instability  It's sitting on massive deposits of copper, gold, iron & rare earth minerals valued up to $3 trillion. But investors are hesitant. And it could be many yrs before Afghanistan begins extracting its mineral wealth. Indonesia's tropical forests set to benefit from further clearing ban Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono expected to sign extended deal to help restore habitat of tigers and orangutans Woman raped in the UAE then jailed after being accused of having premarital sex. Church must help the poorest, not dissect theology, Pope says In landmark ruling, Indonesia's indigenous people win right to millions of hectares of forest Archaeologists have discovered a lost civilisation deep in the jungles of Central America. EU to ban olive oil jugs from restaurants essentially forcing restraunt owners to ignore artisans and buy olive oil that is massed produced. Israel to return land taken by IDF to Palestinian owners. Bill Gates I always use this chart of childhood death. In 1960, 25% of kids died before the age of 5. And now were down below 6% of kids dying before the age of 5 North Korea fires shortrange missiles for two days in a row, ignoring calls for restraint from Western powers. Canadian Police and Government Caught Pirating Movies and TVShows Gay rights march attacked by crowd led by priests South Africa stunned by fatal circumcisions  More than 20 boys have died during comingofage rituals in the past week. The Church wins education reform  SPAIN  It is now mandatory to study Religion or it's alternative Social and Cultural Values and Ethical Values. Its grade weights in the average grade for university applications and the law shields subsidies that separate schools by sex. Western leaders study 'gamechanging' report on global drugs trade. Review by Organisation of American States on illicit drugs 'could mark beginning of the end' of prohibition S.Korea deploys Israeli missile on border with North NeoNazi Golden Dawn Party Threatens to 'Slaughter' Muslims 'Like Chickens' Denmark won the ESC 2013! China now spends $125 billion per year on riot gear and 'stability maintenance' Somaliland celebrates 22 years of independence, having maintained a stable, democratic government in northern Somalia with little international assistance Okinawa rally calls for removal of US bases Russia sends at least 12 warships to Syria Honeybees trained in Croatia will be used to find land mines in the Balkans India Murder suspect dies after police inject him with acid, kerosene Torture and Murder of Colombian Union Leader Sparks Scrutiny of Corporate Giant Nestle Luciano Romero's murder is now taking center stage in a legal battle to define corporate responsibility in conflict zones Heinrich Rohrer, nobel laureate and inventor of the Scanning Tunneling Microscope died on Thursday at the age of 80. The Pirate Bay's Peter Sunde On Running for European Parliament and Innovating Past Democracy A survivor of the recent factory building collapse in Bangladesh describes the day of the tragedy and the constant pressure to work faster under horrible conditions. Her story provides a glimpse at the difficult and impoverished lives of those who produce inexpensive clothing for the West. Police raid school teacher for uploading $4.00 history book to his website that offers free educational resources for students 1000 year old coins discovered in Australia could rewrite history Viacom, Paramount, Fox and Lionsgate have all asked Google to take down links pointing to the Pirate Bay documentary TPBAFK. North Korean forces have seized a Chinese fishing boat. Ranbaxy Laboratories knowingly sold inferior and dangerously contaminated generic drugs. When discussing the quality of AIDS drugs sold in Africa, an executive allegedly said, Who cares? It's just blacks dying. Youths burn 100 cars in north Stockholm riots 4 African girls invent a generator that produces 6 hrs of electricity from one glass of urine Deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon pacing 88% higher than last year's rate Yemeni women used to tell their children, go to bed or I will call your father, a villager tells CNN. Now they say, go to bed or I will call the drone. That is a golden ticket you give al Qaeda to use against you. Report Calls on World Leaders to End War on Drugs UK Police retain DNA from thousands of children. Some 120,000 gene samples taken in two years, as police forces argue they are acting within the law Golden Dawn MP stopped from taking gun into parliament. North Korea launches shortrange missile into East Sea for the third day in a row News museum caves to Israel lobby will not honor two cameramen killed while working for Hamasrun AlAqsa TV, reversing a Friday decision to include them on a memorial for fallen journalists How Humans Are Changing the Planetin 7 Dramatic GIFs Julian Assange reveals GCHQ messages discussing Swedish extradition Half of the silk on sale in Beijing contains little or no silk, study finds. GCHQ embarrassment as WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange reveals instant messages that he says point to 'fit up' Restraint is the new red in China President Xi Jinping is pressing the Communist Party's elite to cut back on lavish living amid growing public resentment. The economic effect is farreaching. Iran Hangs Men Convicted Of Spying For U.S., Israel Syria has surfacetosurface Tishreen missiles aimed at Tel Aviv and is ready to use them should Israel decide to conduct a strike on Damascus Do white people have a future in South Africa? 'The answer, as with so many similar existential questions, is Yes  but' 'Terrorist attack' against Moscow prevented after counterterrorism raid in the town of OrekhovoZuyevo Rice being planted 10 miles from Fukushima Daiichi  Residents cant stay in town overnight  Intended for sale Julian Assange reveals GCHQ messages discussing Swedish extradition  WikiLeaks founder uses subject access request to access British agency chatter, which allegedly calls extradition 'a fitup' India Bans Captive Dolphin Shows as Morally Unacceptable  Says they're highly intelligent & should be seen as nonhuman persons with their own specific rights. Intelligence reports confirm that China is quietly encouraging regime change in North Korea and is grooming Kim's older brother Kim Jongnam to take over his role when Kim Jongun's control over the country crumbles. Teen dies after hiding embarrassing testicle lump Preschools may get right to bar unvaccinated children A retired Church of England priest has been found guilty of a catalogue of historic sex attacks on young children has been jailed for 10 years Large majorities in the Muslim world want the Islamic legal and moral code of sharia as the official law in their countries China demands North Korea release captured Chinese. British police officers will be forced to name any friends who work in the media, or else face the sack, under new guidelines Worldwide Protests Against Monsanto Scheduled For May 25th North Korea releases Chinese fishing crew. Nazi Swastika Flag Raised Near Palestinian Mosque 'WikiLeaks' founder Julian Assange said that he has received a series of unclassified instant message exchanges from UK intelligence officials suggesting that he is being framed.' Eddie Izzard Two more tours and Ill be mayor  Izzard will seek Labour's nomination to run in the 2020 London Mayoral Election Climber's phone call from Everest 'illegal' Catholic Church takes on reproductive rights in Philippines, risks further alienation. We know (greater access to birth control) will just snowball later on. After this, they will file bills for divorce, euthanasia, abortion, and homosexual marriages. Residents of a western Mexico area who endured months besieged by a drug cartel cheered the arrival of hundreds of Mexican soldiers Monday. [xpost from /r/worldevents] [UK] Tory Lord beleives Gay marriage bill may lead to 'lesbian queen and artificially inseminated heir' | He beleives the legislation could allow him to marry his son to escape inheritance tax Church of Scotland votes to allow gay ministers Russian spacecraft returns to Earth with most of its furry crew dead B.C. police find first counterfeits of new 100$ polymer bills, meant to be impossible to have counterfeits Syria and Israel in exchange of fire Saudi Arabia executes 5 Yemenis, displays bodies UK signals support for EU import of Canadian tar sands oil Leaked papers show UK rejects proposal to classify oil from tar sands as highly polluting, a label that would deter EU countries from importing it Tunisia topless Femen activist arrested for 'immoral gestures' Our society is Muslim and we do not accept this marginal behaviour Homeless Melbourne girl 'gangraped' North Korea's hidden labor camps exposed A new UN panel is vowing to hold North Korea's Kim regime to 'full accountability' for decades of mass crime and murder. Will Pyongyang face ICC indictment? Pope proclaims all redeemed, even atheists. The Lord has redeemed all of us, all of us, with the Blood of Christ all of us, not just Catholics. Everyone! 'Father, the atheists?' Even the atheists. Everyone! Gay Marriage Bill Passed in the UK Unconfirmed shootings in London BBC News. 2nd day of riots in Stockholm suburb shakes Sweden. BBC News  LIVEPolice attend London Machete Beheading On Street POLICE have twice stopped a woman, 73, from boarding a plane to Africa to meet an online romance scammer who fleeced her of $75,000. Torture Victims Body Is Found Near U.S. Base Afghan investigators say the man was seen in a videotape undergoing torture at the hands of an AfghanAmerican translator for a U.S. Special Forces unit Malaysian man who is charged with raping a 13yearold girl before marrying her under sharia law has provoked national outrage, as the father claims the accused paid the family Mystery Irish Potato Famine pathogen identified 170 years later  It's the 1st ancient plant genome to be successfully sequenced, a breakthrough expected to help fight modern agricultural diseases German software giant to recruit hundreds of people with autism after pilot project succeeded SAP sees a potential competitive advantage to leveraging the unique talents of people with autism World on course to run out of water, warns Ban Kimoon Freshwater supply and water quality under pressure, warns UN secretary general on International Day of Biological Diversity Libyan Islamists Bomb Catholic Church In Benghazi Nutella lawyers shut down what other companies would consider a wet dream UK justice minister insists the UK Pakistani community must tackle grooming (rape) gangs Russian drunk driver who killed 7, including 5 orphans, at bus stop gets 8 and a half years China agrees to impose carbon targets by 2016. Koreans more racist than Chinese or Japanese Godless funerals thrive in postCatholic Ireland. 'The growth has come amid a backdrop of church decline. The number of people who call themselves Catholics is at an alltime low' Number of Afghan women jailed for fleeing abuse soars | World news Quebec area where cancer rates are 80 times higher to be studied Lithuanian Foreign Minister Israel risks facing boycott of all Israeli goods by European countries US Senate committee votes to provide weapons to Syrian rebels Body of Footless Torture Victim Unearthed Near US Special Forces Base in Afghanistan Latest development deepens mystery surrounding activities in Wardak Province Millions falling into poverty in recessionracked Italy report Pope Francis says atheists can be good Atheists should be seen as good people if they do good, Pope Francis has said in his latest urging that people of all religions, and none, work together. South Korean police have discovered a all female criminal gang running a honeypot operation. They entice married men to have sex with a member of the gang and then blackmail them with the threat of reporting it as rape. Dutch meat tycoon, Willy Selten, has been arrested for allegedly selling 300 tonnes of horsemeat as beef Stockholm hit by third night of rioting. Pm calls for calm Kim Dotcom to Google, Twitter, Facebook I own security patent for the twostep authentication system. He says he doesnt want to sue, but might if the likes of Google and Facebook dont help fund his legal battle with the U.S. Government. Man hacked and beheaded with meat cleaver by two men who have been shot and killed by police in England China has been stealing intellectual property from the US. It has cost the US upwards of 300B dollars a year. 7 year old South Korean girl killed by a falling suicide jumper. Stockholm riots enter day four Huge underwater structure stumps Israeli archaeologists Chile's fish supply decline 'catastrophic' after years of overfishing Saudi Arabia six executed, including five Yemenis crucified outside a university Three former Ford Motor Co. executives were charged Tuesday with crimes against humanity for allegedly targeting Argentine union workers for kidnapping and torture after the country's 1976 military coup. Man with bloodied hands and weapons speaks after brutal attack in South East London Mum talked down Woolwich terrorists who told her 'We want to start a war in London tonight' Australia OKs Mine on Proposed World Heritage Site  It requires clearing 30,000 hectares that a scientific report identifies as of World Heritage standard. Minister Burke has given the green light to landscape destruction. This mine will result in environmental vandalism on a grand scale. AntiKorean rallies are growing in Tokyos ShinOkubo district, with the hate speech ramping up to even death threats. Both men who hacked British soldier to death were known by UK intelligence services Swedish riots rage for fourth night Christian academy in Surrey, British Columbia gives enrollment priority to those experienced in speaking in tongues. The nonprofit society that operates the school received $5.8 million in government funding last year. Video of man who killed soldier with machete in London speaking with bloodied hands Journalist Riham Said rips of hijab, gives Muslim cleric Yousuf Badri huge serve on national TV Sweden riots spread to south of capital Attack in London being treated as terrorism Pussy Riots Imprisoned Russian Rock Star Alekhina announces hunger strike German brewers concerned fracking could contaminate water supplies, violate beer purity law of 1516 A report out Thursday calls on Canada to decriminalize personal use of all narcotics and regulate cannabis, saying current policies are failing to reduce drug use or make Canadians safer. 3D printed gun explodes during testing by Australian police. Malaysians outraged after sharia court allows rapist to marry his 13yearold victim Orthodox Christian protesters, lead & organized by Priests, have brutally attacked gay rights activists in Georgia. All this crowd, like zombies, they simply wanted to kill us. Not beat or humiliate, they simply wanted to kill us, said Nino Kharchilava, one of the protesters. The Muslim Brotherhood Has Turned Cairo Into A Dystopia [PHOTOS] RAF Fighter jets reported escorting passenger plane to Stansted Airport Stockholm rioting continues for fifth night 5,000 cave paintings discovered in Mexico These groups escaped Spanish control for almost 200 years Magnitude 8.2 Earthquake Hits Russian Far East off Kamchatka Croatia bans sex education in schools after pressure by conservatives and catholic church In Berlin, you can carry 15 grams of marijuana. In Munich? Just six. To ease any confusion, German states are now trying to hash out possession regulations that would apply across the country 'The future of freedom on the internet is at stake' The highest reported share of selfdescribed atheists is in China an astounding 47 percent 'Something passed underneath us, quite close' Airbus A320 has close encounter with UFO  Home News  UK Muslim preacher justifies the hacking to death of a British soldier Swaziland's albinos have called on the government for protection ahead of elections expected later this year, fearing their body parts will be harvested by candidates seeking good luck. German beer makers have warned the chancellor Angela Merkel that the controversial method of drilling for natural gas known as fracking could damage Germanys legendry beer industry by contaminating the purity of the water. Plane seen On Fire flying over London.... Looks like an engine fire! Nineteenyearold Israeli sentenced to jail for the 10th time because of his refusal to serve in the army Fukushima contamination found in plankton at all 10 points tested in the Pacific Ocean 3D Printed Windpipe Gives Infant Breath of Life Scientific American British police arrest two more over London attack Mass piracy lawsuits are back in Australia A law firm is requesting major Australian ISPs hand over the details of users who have allegedly used peer to peer Internet file sharing platforms to pirate content owned by the firms clients Stockholm riots throw spotlight on Swedish inequality. 'Five nights of rioting in the suburbs of Sweden's capital Stockholm have raised the national debate about immigration, unemployment and social inequality' Sweden riots spread beyond Stockholm despite extra police 28 grade 10 students in Quebec stripped search due to a missing cell phone during an exam. Google to bankroll, build wireless networks across Africa, including with balloons, blimps and TV airwaves Five Undercover Police Cars Sent To Arrest Single Alleged Movie Pirate Challenging Monsanto 200,000 in 40 countries to rally against GMO Public rapes outrage Brazil, testing ideas of image and class. 'In one case, an assailant held a gun to the head of a 30yearold woman while raping her in front of passengers on a bus as the driver proceeded down a main avenue' A suicide bomber has blown herself up close to an interior ministry building in the troubled southern Russian republic of Dagestan, officials say. Eleven people across UK arrested for making 'racist or antireligious' comments on Facebook and Twitter about British soldier's death Energy suppliers held back gas during UK shortage  Terminals near London & in Wales were 40% & 52% full on the day it was claimed the UK had 6 hours' worth of gas left They dont want to integrate Fifth night of youth rioting rocks Stockholm Church of England unveils plan for women bishops in 2015 Jordan king says extremism 'grown fat' on IsraelPalestinian conflict China Bluntly Tells North Korea to Enter Nuclear Talks 2Child Limit for Muslims in Parts of Mynamar Swedish police call in backup after worst riots in years Close to half of Australian adults lack the basic reading, writing and maths skills needed for every day living Nigerian baby factories tricking women into believing they're pregnant, then give them factory made babies from teenage girls. Woolwich killing universities crack down on the preachers of hate | UK news | The Guardian Bees have been battling bad weather, loss of habitat and possible pesticide effects but now keepers are facing a new threat  beerustling. India will issue at least 27,000 more Emergency Certificates to enable its citizens to leave Saudi Arabia for home after a new labor policy came into force in the Kingdom Woolwich attack MI5 'offered job to attacker 6 months previously Russia Orders Urgent Evacuation of 'Drifting' Arctic Research Station as Ice Floe Melts  16 scientists abandon station near Canada because ice disintegrating at alarming rate, giving the station little chance of survival. It's getting harder to find a block of ice to sustain a station. Police, locals deny claim that part of The Hague is a 'Sharia triangle' Japan to build giant elevator from earth to space by 2050. We are dealing with a major incident British police close motorway to deal with suspicious vehicle Nearly twothirds of people in the UK believe there will be a 'clash of civilisationsetween British Muslims and white Britons Thousands of Muslims gather in London to condemn murder of soldier Lee Rigby French Soldier stabbed in the neck in Paris, reportedly by man of North African descent. BBC News  Brazil 'to write off' almost 900M in African debt. Brazil has announced that it will cancel or restructure almost $900m (600m) worth of debt with Africa. Canadian mine giant Barrick fined a record $16.4M in Chile. Native population complains of cancerous growths and aching stomachs David Simon, creator of The Wire drug war is a holocaust in slow motion Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger A woman awaiting a transplant for a rare condition that has destroyed her kidneys had her operation cancelled at the 11th hour because the Government refused to pay for the drug she needs to prevent the organ being rejected Islamists attack Turkey 'kissing protest' Millions march against GM crops Organisers celebrate huge global turnout and say they will continue until Monsanto and other GM manufacturers listen Bosnian Shepherd Strangles Brown Bear Barehanded Russia will deliver S300 system if Israel strikes again Robert Mugabe's darkest secret An 800bn blood diamond mine run with China's Red Army. Under Hamas, No More Coed Classes in Gaza Attacks on Muslims soar in wake of Woolwich murder Muslims Demand Germany 'Make Islam Equal to Christianity' Terrorists in India attack government convoy, kill 17 Millions of Protesters around the world march against Monsanto Proposed law to protect Afghan women faces backlash. 'The drama erupted when a female legislator brought the bill before parliament May 16 and a group of conservative male lawmakers vehemently objected, saying it was contrary to Islam and Afghan culture' A French soldier on patrol in Paris has been stabbed in the throat by a man believed to be of NorthAfrican origin. Muslim The doctrine of armed jihad against the kuffar (nonMuslims) is disingenuously denied by Islamic clerics and leaders. Breaking the Taboo Why the OAS Report on Alternatives to Drug Prohibition Is Such a Big Deal  The Organization of American States (OAS) released an unprecedented report last Friday that presents the most highlevel discussion of alternatives to drug prohibition in history. Pope Francis condemns mafia for 'enslaving people' VICE We Watched the Stockholm Suburbs Burn  The riots must either have been one step ahead of us or maybe there were no riots at all, just a couple of bored and prolific arsonists. Four mosques attacked in Germany in 10 days The bewildering state of India's justice system  Prison born boy grows up, gets a job and finally manages to provide his mum with the $180 bail she's been waiting 19 years in jail for. 116 year old Japanese man now the last male alive that was born in the 19th century Chinese tourist carved Ding Jinhao was here in a 3,500 year old Egyptian temple We want to apologize to the Egyptian people and to people who have paid attention to this case across China Most of the major newspapers in Uganda, apart from the government run paper, were raided and shut down by police last week. The government paper (The New Vision) that is still in operation has no mention of any of this on their website. Cows are gradually losing their sacred status in India as tastes for beef increases. Monsanto Found Guilty of Chemical Poisoning in Landmark Case Vatican corrects infallible pope atheists will still burn in hell UK Government use beheading as excuse to push through failed cyber security bill Mosque in UK set on fire in retaliation for death of British soldier Xi Threatens Lifetime Consequences for Officials Who Hurt the Environment  Chinas president has laid down a stark warning to officials if you sanction a project that damages the environment, youll be held responsible. For life. Original owner of Toronto mayors alleged crack video may have been killed Pakistani women marry in Britain's first Muslim lesbian partnership Grieving parents speak out against antivaccination extremists Google's Eric Schmidt change British law and we'd pay more tax If the British system changes the tax laws then we will comply. If the taxes go up we will pay more, if they go down we will pay less. That is a political decision for the democracy that is the UK. NoVacation Nation Revisited Out of 21 rich countries (16 European countries, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, and the United States), the US is the only country in the group that does not require employers to provide paid vacation time Reporters for French journal Le Monde witness chemical warfare in Syria. Photographer is exposed to toxic gas. Vandals Graffiti The Word 'Islam' On Two London War Memorials CashStrapped Italians Abandoning Autos for Bicycles  We've seen a lot of people rediscover this means of transport. Its ease, simplicity, speed for short distances. 2,000 more bikes sold than cars in 2011  a differential that rose to over 200,000 last year. Woman beaten to death in Gaza for entering motherinlaw's kitchen From Now Google will help Police to track extremist websites through its search results Syrian Army Kills FSA Leader in Qusayr Known as Bin Laden II... FSA is Now Surrounded from All Sides Chinese Tourist Damages 3000YearOld Temple in Luxor Germany Seeks Uniform Law on Marijuana German states are now trying to hash out possession regulations that would apply across the country Huge antigay marriage protest march in Paris Sweden's riots Is the integration of immigrants failing? China is starting to get embarrassed about its tourists obnoxious behavior abroad  Take for example the sign outside the Louvre Museum only in Chinese characters that forbids people from urinating or defecating wherever they want. Unvaccinated children will be banned from childcare facilities, and centres who do enrol them will face fines, after changes to the Public Health Act passed through cabinet Monday night (NSW, Australia) Israel warns Moscow that it will attack shipments of Russian weapons to Syria Police with stun batons were called to end a protest over pay by 3,000 mostly female workers working at a Nike factory in Cambodia An Australian woman is sacked when she takes leave to cope with her daughter being murdered. Employer tells reporter You are a hyena and something wrong is going to happen to your children Australia ranked 'happiest' developed nation again Months after a Russian ghost ship turned up adrift off the Irish coast, she's gone missing again. The Lyubov Orlova's tow line broke as the cruise ship was being hauled from Canada to the Dominican Republic as scrap. The ship, empty except for an infestation of rats, has not been seen since March War memorial vandalized with the word ISLAM in wake of terror murder. An 89yearold veteran has vowed to stand next to the memorials until someone removes the graffiti. It's unclear who painted the graffiti. Newborn baby rescued alive after being flushed down toilet in China An Alaska Airlines passenger has been restrained by other passengers after trying to open the emergency exit midflight. The armed rebels affiliated to the Free Syrian Army (FSA) raided the Christianpopulated alDuvair village in Reef (outskirts of) Homs near the border with Lebanon today and massacred all its civilian residents, including women and children. Dad demands further action after sex abuse inquiry The father of two girls who were abused by a Catholic priest in Australia says apologies don't matter if the church doesn't take further action. Meat from endangered whales caught by Icelandic hunters is being sold in Japan as luxury dog treats, environmental campaigners say BBC News  Russian to deliver arms 'to deter foreign intervention in Syria' At least 57 dead as 13 car bombs rip Baghdad Man kills 11 elderly people to hide $85 drug theft. Drones join war on rhino poachers in South Africa Male rape survivors fight stigma in Uganda In Malaysia, a criminal tribunal attempts to prosecute war crimes the Hague wont. It has tried and sentenced former US President George W. Bush, in absentia, over charges tied to the Iraq War. In August, the tribunal will hold hearings on alleged war crimes in Israelioccupied Palestine. Armed Rebels Massacre Entire Population of Christian Village in Syria Polio Reappears in the Horn of Africa according to W.H.O. [xpost /r/strictlyworldpolitics] North Korea to open a ski resort. Rob Ford CrackStarter Cracks 200K. Police now linking homicide to the tape investigation. UAE crown prince receive Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai and says education of women is a basic right in Islam Israels defense minister says they could hit Russian shipment of advanced missiles to Syria As far as we are concerned, that is a threat New poll says Assange could win Australian Senate seat The World's Richest 8% Earn Half of All Planetary Income A 13 year old Chinese girl was handcuffed and paraded in streets for 20 mins for spilling drink on a govt. vehicle First gay couple to wed in France amid tight security Preserved Ice Age mammoth found with flowing blood in Siberia Japan's innovation in science is at heart of plans to boost economy  Govt revitalizing science workforce by boosting jobs for females, finding top talent abroad & upping research commercialization. It's committed 100s of billions of yen to space, physics & stemcell research & more is to come. A lost report into genocide, torture, rape and enslavement of indigenous tribes during Brazil's military dictatorship has been rediscovered The Indian Protection Service has degenerated to the point of chasing Indians to extinction Buddhist Mobs Burn Mosque and Muslim School in Myanmar Muslims and Buddhists clash in northern Myanmar. The fighting begun after a violent quarrel between a Muslim man and a Buddhist woman who worked at a petrol station. The man doused the woman in fuel and set her on fire. Oldest complete Torah scroll reportedly found in Italy  University of Bologna says 850yearold Jewish text, belonging to Babylonian tradition, was mislabeled by a librarian in 1889. UN Report an astounding 99.3% of Egyptian women have experienced harassment Germany warns of revolution as youth unemployment threatens to tear Europe apart Gunmen killed a female polio worker and injured another near the northwest city of Peshawar on Tuesday, the latest in a series of assaults on vaccination teams working to eradicate the disease in Pakistan King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz Of Saudi Arabia Reported To Be 'Clinically Dead' Terrorists attack Red Cross office in Afghan city of Jalalabad Syria Goes Hot Russia To Deliver Weapons, Deploys Air Defense; Israel Warns Russia; Obama Demands No Fly Zone Scottish outrage at 'nanny state' plan to ban pint glass in Highlands pubs New outsource job, Indians have to check american doctors and nurses wash their hands properly via cam and sensors A elevator beheads woman in Shenzhen, China. Corporations Are Subverting Attempts to Rein in Their Power Citizens have won important policy victories only to be undermined by the growing web of international investment rules and arbitration courts The Stigma of Reporting a Rape in Pakistan A suicide bomber blew himself up at the gate of the International Committee of the Red Cross office in the Afghan city of Jalalabad and two more insurgents entered the building Ayaan Hirsi Ali The Problem of Muslim Leadership U.S. drone reportedly shot down by AlShabab militants in Somalia Switzerland to allow its banks to sidestep secrecy saws to disclose names of clients in a move intended to help resolve a longrunning dispute with the United States over tax evasion Irish priest Delay communions until adulthood  It should be when people have choice, when they have proper formation [of faith]. What Im saying isnt off the wall, its realistic. First topless protest in an Islamic state leads to 3 arrests (NSFW). Hungary torches 500 hectares of GM corn to eradicate GMOs from food supply A pair of Saudi maids each get 1,000 lashes & 10 years in prison for witchcraft. A compassionate sentence for a crime that usually results in the death penalty. El Salvador court denies seriously ill woman abortion. Lawyers for the young woman argued that continuing the pregnancy would place her life at risk. The foetus itself is missing part or all of its brain. Girl turns up at a police station in the UK on her wedding night and claims she had been forced to marry a man she had only met once or she would be killed U.N investigators say most Syrian rebels are not seeking democracy Canadian abortion rights campaigner Henry Morgentaler has died. Parents killed by Nazis, survived the Polish Ghetto, Aushwitz and Dachau. Persecuted in Canada, went to prison for 10 years Responsible for the eventual overturning of Canada's abortion laws. A true humanitarian and hero. Iran is in the throes of an unprecedented sexual revolution. Could it eventually topple the regime? More than 1,000 dog skulls found in Thai garbage dump. Authorities fear that the dogs were killed for food, most likely meatballs, and that the processor intentionally started the fire to cover his or her tracks. Assad Syria has received Russian missile shipment Extremists arrested in Turkey, supposedly carrying 2 kg of Sarin gas. Deadly New Virus Is Spreading. Virus has killed half the people known to be infected. Almost half of people shot dead by Australian police were mentally ill Report says 44 out of 105 fatal shootings in the past 22 years were of people with mental illness Soldier will plead guilty to slaughtering 16 villagers in Afghanistan to avoid the death penalty Editorial Recreational drug control a world first New Zealand could be the first legal, regulated market for recreational drugs thanks to the Psychoactive Substances Bill before Parliament. A Muslimrun company have been ordered to pay a Christian worker over 2,000 for racially discriminating against him because he is white Middle East Coronavirus Called 'Threat To The Entire World' Sexual allegations about 81 BBC staff have been reported since the Jimmy Savile scandal came to light  with almost half still working for the corporation UN rights chief urges global powers Don't send arms to Syria rebels.[xpost /r/strictlyworldpolitics] Assad We received 1st shipment of S300 missiles from Russia UK special forces snatched Woolwich terror suspect Michael Adebolajo as he tried to enter Somalia from Kenya in 2010 and was flown back to Britain and allowed to roam free for the next two and a half years after he was give a clean bill of health by security services Syrian Rebels Fragment Over Growing Power of Islamists Two men become first gay couple to wed in France Rape in South Africa and other African countries. Some shocking stats. Kim Dotcom Wins Case to Get Seized Material Back... Police attacks peaceful protest trying to save a park in the heart of Istanbul, Turkey. Local media is being silenced. Amelia Earhart's Plane Revealed in Sonar? A grainy sonar image captured off an uninhabited tropical island in the southwestern Pacific republic of Kiribati might represent the remains of the Electra, the twoengine aircraft legendary aviator Amelia Earhart was piloting when she vanished on 7/2/1937 South Korea follows Japan to ban all US wheat imports after unapproved Mansanto mutant strain found in Oregon Former Mexican president (Vicente Fox) pushes for pot legalization Japan cancels U.S. wheat order on GMO fear Nasa's Curiosity rover has confirmed what everyone has long suspected  that astronauts on a Mars mission would get a big dose of damaging radiation Cardinal Abortion is bigger sin than priest abuse Cuba says inclusion on U.S. terrorist list 'shameful' McCain denies knowingly posing with kidnappers U.S. Senator John McCain was photographed with a known affiliate of the rebel group responsible for the kidnapping of 11 Lebanese Shiite pilgrims (xpost /r/syriancivilwar) Giant Asteroid Zooming by Earth on Friday Has its Own Moon Pakistan Rape cases DNA tests not admissible as main evidence says Council of Islamic Ideology The River Nile has been a source of life for millions over the centuries. Now Ethiopia is diverting water to build a giant dam, and those downstream who depend on the river, are left wondering when and whether this issue can be resolved peacefully. 170 indigenous people ready to die to protect their land UK Government's child internet safety adviser wants default safety setting on Google Search to force users seeking hardcore porn sites to register NASA's Curiosity rover confirms a stream once ran through Gale Crater on Mars Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics a 'monstrous scam' Fugitive CEO with Arrest Warrant  Shaileshkumar Famous for Scareware Software Programs US and Germany urge Russia not to arm Syria military Turkey finds sarin gas in homes of suspected Syrian Islamists Novartis warns India over drug patent Novartis has threatened to stop supplies of new medicines to India if the countrys top court refuses to grant a patent for Glivec, its cancer drug. The destruction of tropical rainforests is having an even greater impact on the environment than was previously thought Syrian forces kill three Westerners, including an American woman and a British citizen, who it claims were fighting with the rebels British taxpayers to pay 'millions' towards secretive Bilderberg meeting security In Turkey, 'police are packing people into the subway stations and throwing in tear gas, attacking hospitals where the injured are being treated.' Revolution in 90 seconds.This is what happening right now in Turkey. Help us spread the word. The Islamist government of turkey is about to fall. Minute by minute updates. Thousands in Mexico Protest Monsanto by Throwing a Carnival of Corn 10 Russian MiG29 fighter jets headed to Syria, which asks for more... Japan pledges 32 billion in aid to Africa Saudi Authorities Ban Guy Fawkes Masks Italy announces first case of SARSlike coronavirus. The virus has now reached Italy, France, Germany, and Britain Russia to sell MiG fighters to Syria Costa Rica poachers 'kill turtle activist' An environmentalist campaigning for the protection of endangered sea turtles in Costa Rica has been found dead in a suspected killing by smugglers Richest 1% control 39% of world's wealth and growing Islam cartoon pulled from Australian student newspaper website. Australian National University vicechancellor says the cartoon satirising Islam overstepped the mark. Horror in a mass sterilization camp Unconscious Indian women were dumped in a field after undergoing a painful sterilization operation Three strikes for filesharing fails to halt music sales decline in France Monsanto gives up fight for GM plants in Europe Chinese women learn how to marry elite foreigners in 90 days Graphic Syrian Civil War is Bleeding Beyond its Borders [xpost from /r/infographic] Russia to send nuclear submarines to southern seas France to ban electronic cigarettes in public Mexicos expresident Vicente Fox backs nationwide legal pot market in the US Ethiopia has begun diverting the flow of the River Nile as part of its controversial scheme to build Africas largest hydroelectric dam. Construction has already caused significant concern in Egypt, which is totally dependent on the Nile for water. NATO data Assad winning the war for Syrians hearts and minds India to raise 40,000 additional troops with offensive capabilities to counter China along shared border. China Skeptical Of Expanded US Role In The Pacific A Chinese military leader on Saturday [1 June 2013] pointedly questioned the expanded U.S. role in the Pacific after the Pentagon chief said he hoped for better military ties between the two powers. Two global meat giants with shady food safety histories are planning to merge in hopes of becoming the most powerful meat producer in the world. Smithfield Foods, the largest pork producer in the U.S., has been bought by Chinas Shuanghui International Holdings Limited. Based on requests, the pictures of the protests going on in Turkey. You will see how big the protest is. It is believed it has reached 1 million people througout Turkey. You will also see how brutally violent the police is. Turkey Prime Minister, Erdogan says protestors should go home, If you bring 100,000, I'll bring out a million. Youth unemployment in Greece and Spain above 50 percent, could hit 70 percent in early 2014 Egypt's top court rules that Islamistdominated Senate and the panel that drafted constitution are illegal 13yrold student reprimanded for stopping a knifeweilding bully at school. Say what you will about Greenpeace, their office is in the middle of the chaos in Turkey. They're treating the injured  this is their update. Monsanto shares fall as South Korea joins pause in wheat imports from the US An Oxford University researcher and author specializing in neuroscience has suggested that one day religious fundamentalism may be treated as a curable mental illness Canadian relief for Oklahoma tornado victims denied at border The new suffragettes The Kurdish woman fighting against female genital mutilation A stunning 90sec video of Turkeys protests It started over the govts plan to turn a park into a mall but have since become a broad rebuke to the 10year leadership of Mr. Erdogan and his Islamistrooted Justice and Development Party...which has adopted authoritarian tactics. Russia Is Upping The Ante By Sending Its Only Aircraft Carrier To The Mediterranean US call for full Tiananmen massacre disclosure angers China Update on the Turkey situation from Al Jazeera. Interesting read. 'Begging Mafia' in Pakistan is kidnapping children, inflicting them with disabilities, and then forcing them to beg for money, already thousands of children are kidnapped every year Syria Rebukes Erdogan Over Turkish Protest Violence AlQaeda poison gas cell busted in Baghdad Iraqs defense ministry Iraq captures suspected Al Qaeda cell that planned to make chemical weapons U.S. company allegedly caught aiding Syria and Iran in censorship efforts The American embassy in Cairo has bad news for anyone traveling to Egypt For now, the pyramids in Giza should be considered off limits  at least if you're visiting without a trusted guide. Mentallyill patients were 'Tasered' more than 50 times in three years Freedom of Information request reveals extent of stungun use by UK police in psychiatric ward New web censorship rule bans gay content in Singapore In Somalia, polio vaccines rejected over rumours spread by Islamic extremists | CTV News China accuses US of prejudice after it calls for a full account of 1989 Tiananmen crackdown China Will Soon Be Drilling A Third Of Iraq's Oil