 Satirist Bassem Youssef (the Jon Stewart of Egypt) ends TV show The present climate in Egypt is not suitable for a political satire program...Im tired of struggling and fearing for my personal and my familys safety and that of the people around me. Alexander Shulgin dead Godfather of ecstasy and pioneering psychedelic pharmacologist dies aged 88 Reset the Net! Reddit, Greenpeace, Amnesty unite in antiNSA hit campaign | Opponents of mass government surveillance are braced for the June5 campaign for a free and secure internet, led by some of the worlds largest websites. Attack of the Russian Troll Army Russias campaign to shape international opinion around its invasion of Ukraine has extended to recruiting and training a new cadre of online trolls that have been deployed to spread the Kremlins message on the comments section of top American websites. Sweden proposes a sixhour work day Fifa ethics head Michael Garcia won't look at new corruption allegations Fifa's chief ethics investigator will not consider millions of documents underpinning a new wave of corruption allegations surrounding the award of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar Thailands military threatens to arrest people giving Hunger Games salute 80k Palestinians left without drinking water French president plans to eat two dinners in one night just so he can keep Obama and Putin away from each other Barack Obama announces plans for a $1bn fund to increase US military deployments to Europ The Indian miraclebuster stuck in Finland An Indian man who made his name exposing the miraculous feats of holy men as tricks has fled the country after being accused of blasphemy. Now in selfimposed exile in Finland, he fears jail  or even assassination  if he returns 800 children found buried in a silage tank at a disused home for unmarried mothers in Ireland. Kerry to Israel U.S. intends to work with new Palestinian government China Blocks All Google Services Ahead of Tienanmen Square Anniversary Scientists Have Discovered A Planet They Thought Was Impossible. May have profound implications for the possibility of life on extrasolar planets. China plan to cap CO2 emissions seen turning point in climate talks. China said on Tuesday it will set an absolute cap on its CO2 emissions from 2016 just a day after the United States announced new targets for its power sector, signalling a potential breakthrough in tough U.N. climate talks. Mining company Idemitsu Australia Resources has admitted it contracted spies to infiltrate protesters opposed to the expansion of coal mining in Australia. Survey finds broad discontent in World Cup host Brazil | People take the view that the billions of dollars poured into the soccer tournament would be better spent on services such as healthcare, schools and public transportation. Spain protests call for vote on monarchy | Tens of thousands rally across Spain to demand referendum on removal of royal family after King Juan Carlos abdicates. Russia calls UN meeting to seek Ukraine ceasefire Moscow urges Security Council action to end weeks of violence in Russianspeaking eastern Ukraine, a move denounced by U.S. as hypocritical. Egyptian satirist Bassem Youssef ends his TV show Canada has been dragging its heels on commitments to create marine protected areas, according to new report. Roman Catholic Church Sexual Abuse Scandal 19 Accuse Mexican Priest, Activist Estimates as Many as '100 Victims' Climate Change Is Here Australia Experiences Hottest Two Years Ever Recorded Freak sandstorm hits Iranian capital Relatives of Chinese citizens gunned down during the 1989 Tiananmen massacre have defied unprecedented Communist Party attempts to silence them to demand the truth about their lovedones deaths ahead of todays 25th anniversary of the crackdown. David Cameron's house 'frackedy protestors Nigerian military courtmartials 15, including 10 generals, for aiding Boko Haram The mayor of Venice is among 35 people arrested in Italy over alleged corruption in connection with new flood barriers built to protect the city. Poll Australians concern about climate change & a desire for the government to take action is on the rise. 45% want action now 'whatever the cost', as survey reveals a 9point rise in the strongest response since 2012 Obama expected to ask Abbott to put climate change back on G20 agenda US coastguard releases Chinese boat accused of illegal fishing in North Pacific. Vessel caught with half a tonne of salmon and highseas net widely condemned as highly destructive to marine life North Korea asked Japan for food and medical aid Antimarijuana candidate loses in Uruguay primary People 'more negative about Russia' People's views of Russia have strongly deteriorated since last year The world's leading industrialized nations meet without Russia for the first time in 17 years on Wednesday, leaving President Vladimir Putin out of the talks in retaliation for his seizure of Crimea and Russia's part in destabilizing eastern Ukraine. Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital OSCE confirms that deadly explosion at Lugansk HQ which killed civilians was indeed a nonguided missiles launched from an aircraft. While Ukraine military confirmed they fired 150 missiles in Lugansk area that day Rouhani We shouldn't interfere in people's lives to such an extent, even out of compassion. Let them choose their own path to heaven. Lithuania is set to adopt the euro on 1 January 2015, after the European Commission said it had met the criteria for joining the single currency. Heavy fighting is taking place in and around the rebelheld city of Sloviansk in eastern Ukraine Finlands Foreign Ministry has adopted a corruption trigger for reporting the misuse of development aid. The online service is the first of its kind to be used by the Finnish public service and is available in Finnish, Swedish and English. Protestors in Spain Don't Want to Have a King Anymore Thousands of Spaniards & Mexicans are welcoming new king by chanting proRepublican slogans like Monarchy Out!, Up With the Third Republic!, & Referendum Now! Germany investigates alleged NSA Merkel phone tap Germanys chief federal prosecutor says he has opened an investigation into the alleged monitoring of Chancellor Angela Merkels cell phone by the U.S. National Security Agency. Sweden considers making programming an alternative to shop class China, once the manual labour workshop of the world, has become the largest buyer of industrial robots An Uproar in Australia Over Proposal to Deregulate Tuition Major explosion, fire at Shell plant in the Netherlands Australias one hundred days of truthtelling Operation Blame the Victims was in full swing again today as Scott Morrison insisted that it was the unarmed men who received the beating who are to blame Activists stage fracking protest at David Cameron's home Signs to drill under PM's cottage in Cotswold put up to protest against tresspass law changes expected in Queen's speech The Worlds first wastetobiofuels facility has opened in Edmonton Canada. The facility converts household garbage into biofuels. By 2016, it is expected that 90 per cent of the city's waste will be diverted out of the landfill because of this facility. Dont ask for privacy, Take it back AntiNSA #ResetTheNet campaign kicks off Gunman on the loose in Moncton Unconfirmed reports RCMP officers shot After 16 hours, gunman who killed three Canadian cops still on the loose, city in lockdown Pope Francis sacks entire Italian board of the Vatican's financial watchdog Irish church under fire after research uncovers 796 young children buried in an old septic tank A major criminal trial involving two men charged with serious terrorism offences could be held entirely in secret for the first time in modern British legal history Snowden publicly supports Reset the Net campaign This is the beginning of a moment where we the people begin to protect our universal human rights with the laws of nature rather than the laws of nations India state minister on rape 'Sometimes it's right, sometimes it's wrong' German NSAProof Server Protonet Smashes Crowdfunding Record by Raising $1m in 89 Minutes Russian to become mandatory in Syrian schools Witnesses Boko Haram militants slaughter hundreds The Guardian launches SecureDrop system for whistleblowers to share files | SecureDrop platform allows sources to submit documents and data while avoiding most common forms of online tracking. Canada bans government meteorologists from talking about climate change Thousands gather in Hong Kong to remember Tiananmen killings. Crowds pack Hong Kong's Victoria Park to demand the truth about the Tiananmen crackdown 25 years ago and to call for an end to an assault on Communist Party critics that many view as the worst since 1989 Finns invent promising method for CO2 reduction. Researchers at the Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences have developed a waterbased technique for removing carbon dioxide from industrial emissions. 68 U.S. companies procure minerals from North Korea despite Economic Sanctions Extinct bat found in Papua New Guinea after 124 years. Putin on Clinton 'It's better not to argue with women.' He later characterized Clinton's comments as a sign of weakness, which is maybe not the worst quality for a woman, he added. Air attack on proRussian separatists in Luhansk kills 8, stuns residents Rebels seize three govt bases in Ukraine Japan's SoftBank Corp said on Thursday it will start selling humanlike robots for personal use by February, expanding into a sector seen key to addressing labour shortages in one of the world's fastest ageing societies. US Deploying B52s to Europe Nearly $190 million in assets linked to ousted Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych and his inner circle have been frozen in Switzerland Angered by Palestinian unity gov't, Israel to build more settler homes Quebec passes 'dying with dignityill, allows terminally ill patients be given the choice to end their lives. Europe to force Google, Facebook to abide by EU privacy rules Gunman who killed three RCMP officers and wounded two others in Moncton has been captured by police Irish government now seemingly caught in the act of tapping thousands of phones Vodafone admits governments use 'secret cables' to tap citizens' phones Internet users cannot be sued for browsing the web, ECJ rules (Reuters)  An 18yearold Pakistani has survived being shot and thrown in a canal by her family for marrying the man she loved, police said, weeks after the honor killing of another woman drew worldwide condemnation Thai military leader I want to tell any offenders on social media that police will come get you for criticizing them. German intelligence agency confesses to spy stations Brazil transit strike hits a week before World Cup Bill C24 promises to shred the passports of Canadians who the Minister of Immigration deems terroristsand deport them to countries they may have never seen before. Vodafone reveals existence of secret wires that allow state surveillance CIA drone strikes embarrassment for US as Pakistan court orders murder investigation  Telegraph Twelve injured in sword fight between rival Sikhs rowing over who should speak first Russian President Vladimir Putin meets Ukrainian Presidentelect Petro Poroshenko for first time since election Israel navy fires on Gaza fishing boats The Canadian government is expanding its surveillance of public activities to include all known demonstrations across the country Fishermen's clip proves China's Lied North Korea has announced that a third American has been arrested and is in state custody. AntiAmerican Sentiment On The Rise In Russia. Forty percent of respondents said their opinion about the United States was generally negative, while 31 percent said it was very negative. Ukraine says 15 rebels killed in border clash. Government aide says armed men came from Russia in trucks and an infantry vehicle and tried to cross eastern boundary. Alibaba billionaire Jack Ma purchases half of China's best soccer club German spy agency comes clean on secret sites Hundreds of Scientists to Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper Pipeline report deeply flawed  Blasts federal review recommending approval of Northern Gateway tar sands pipeline as biased. He'll decide whether to approve $7b pipeline from Alberta to British Columbia this month. Big blast hits Kosovo power station near Pristina A loud explosion has been reported at a coalfired power station outside Kosovo's capital Pristina, causing a number of casualties. Pensioner who hid medals and absconded from care home found at DDay celebrations in France. The 89year old was reported missing from his Hove care home but actually sneaked onboard a coach for a final reunion with his DDay comrades across the Channel DDay veteran 'Remember Germans too' U.S. admits supplying lethal aid to Syrian rebels Vietnam has released dramatic footage showing a large Chinese ship chasing and ramming one of its fishing boats that then sank near an oil rig in contested waters in the South China Sea Scientists have found traces of Theia, the planet that smashed into the Earth to form the Moon, in lunar rocks North Korea detains U.S. citizen; now has three in custody 'I'm not going to Brazil' hashtag tackles World Cup Ebola virus disease, West Africa (Situation as of 5 June 2014)  now the largest recorded Ebola outbreak in history Putin says Russian city Volgograd can become Stalingrad again Labor has slammed Tony Abbott, declaring him embarrassing for cancelling meetings with the world's top finance officials during his visit to the United States. China may build an artificial island in disputed South China Sea to use as a military base in enforcing a future Air Defense Identification Zone. Hero's welcome for runaway DDay veteran  The 89yearold war veteran who slipped out of his care home to attend DDay commemorations in Normandy has arrived back in the UK to a hero's welcome Metal spikes have been installed outside a block of luxury flats in London to deter homeless people from sleeping there. Vodafone says 'Six unnamed nations have access to user's phone use at any time.' One hundred of Australia's richest people have taken advantage of a rare amnesty from the Australian Taxation Office  issued in March this year  to reveal their use of secretive offshore tax havens without severe punishment. WWII Vet, AWOL From Nursing Home, Found At Normandy Ceremonies Canadian government orders federal departments to keep tabs on all demonstrations across country China investigation finds 1,000 'naked officials' in Guangdong investigation in China has revealed that more than 1,000 officials in the southern province of Guangdong have spouses or children living abroad Rising seas wash Japanese war dead from Marshall Islands graves  Officials blame climate change as 26 skeletons are found on Santo Island after high tides batter Pacific archipelago Palm Oil In Pastries Drives Deforestation China May Build Artificial Island Military Base In South China Sea From Which To Project Power Ukraine's new president sworn in, says he would guarantee indemnity from criminal charges to separatists who did not have blood on their hands World Cup 2014 Police use rubber bullets and tear gas as Sao Paulo underground strike enters third day Power cuts in north India spark riots Finland To Put NATO Membership to Referendum Fifa sponsor demands 'appropriate investigation' One of Fifa's main sponsors, Sony, calls for an investigation into the decision to award the 2022 World Cup to Qatar Stephen Fry denounces UK government for not acting on Snowden revelations For first time in history, Islamic prayers to be held in Vatican Qatar allegedly paid $1.7 million to secure Asian votes for their World Cup bid Man who spotted what may have been the burning missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 off the coast of Vietnam sacked from his position on an oil rig after reporting the incident. An American fossils dealer has been jailed for smuggling dinosaur bones including a 70millionyearold Tyrannosaurus fossil from Mongolia. MH370 family members suspect coverup. Raise money for whistleblowers to come forward. Car bombs kill 52 in Baghdad, militants storm university and take hostages 2,000 Irish Children in Church Custody Used as Drug Trial Guinea Pigs Facebook blocks users in Pakistan from access to several leftwing secular pages on request from the Pakistani government Rising sea levels have disturbed the skeletons of soldiers killed on the Marshall Islands during World War II  one grave with 26 dead has already been exposed. China creates 55 billion tons of artificial rain a yearand it plans to quintuple that 3 Canadian men escape Quebec City Jail with a helicopter South Africa's policy of racebased affirmative action is killing babies and must be scrapped, the country's Institute of Race Relations said. The institute said black empowerment policies had seen unqualified people appointed to positions where their incompetence hit poor and vulnerable communities Hezbollah leader says war on Assad has failed Egypt has banned unauthorized preachers from giving sermons or teaching Islam in mosques and other public places, according to a decree on Saturday marking a further step in official efforts to curb Islamist influence The United States has pledged millions of dollars in additional aid to Ukraine, Moldova and Georgia, deepening American support to the Westernleaning countries on Russia's border. Jimmy Wales UK needs USstyle first amendment to protect whistleblowers China Flattens Hundreds of Mountains for New Cities Brazil Clashes in Sao Paulo strikes ahead of World Cup | Police in Brazil have used tear gas to break up protesters on the second day of a metro strike that has left Sao Paulo's transport in chaos. Brazil Olympics Rio bay 'will not be clean for 2016' Venezuela's judiciary is persecuting students, dissidents and independent judges while turning a blind eye to most crimes in a country with one of the world's highest murder rates 90% Of Gazprom Clients Have DeDollarized, Will Transact In Euro & Renminbi Wikileaks welcomes CIA to Twitter by taking a dig at the spy agency, saying @CIA we look forward to sharing great classified info about you, along with links to CIArelated revelations in the Wikileaks website. Ukraine forces shelling Donetsk residential areas. 3 civillians killed yesterday. Most neighborhoods without water and electricity. Kim Dotcom offers $5m bounty in online piracy case  Megaupload founder in bid to prove US authorities aided by New Zealand illegally targeted him at behest of Hollywood studios Lego asks UK government to stop using their products in antiScottishindependence videos. F35's single engine too dangerous for Canadian military, report says Religious orders allowed over 2,000 Irish children to be used in medical experiments Russia warns Finland against joining NATO. 'If Finland wants to join NATO, they should think first. Will you join and start World War III?' warns Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal envoy Sergei Markov. 'France must give refuge to Edward Snowden' | A petition calling for France to grant asylum to American NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has garnered over 33,000 signatures in less than 12 hours. Gunmen attack Karachi international airport, injuring security guards and hurling grenades Inspectors find 'fear and intimidation' at UK schools linked to Muslim extremism Some of our findings are deeply worrying, and in some ways quite shocking. In the most serious cases, a culture of fear and intimidation has taken grip. said Michael Wilshaw, head of the Ofsted schools inspectorate. An outbreak of Ebola virus disease is happening in West Africa with 395 cases, 215 deaths and a case fatality of 54% as today Israel has prevented a senior Palestinian soccer delegate from traveling to this month's World Cup in Brazil, his federation said on Sunday. Brazil Has Done More To Stop Climate Change Than Any Other Country, Study Finds Russia would react to NATO beefing up forces near borders Russia would consider any further expansion of NATO forces near its borders a demonstration of hostile intentions and would take political and military measures to ensure its own security, Interfax quoted a senior diplomat as saying. Britain calls up Dad's Army of spies to watch Russia  Military intelligence chiefs have been rerecruiting Cold War veterans and retired linguists because of a lack of Russian skills to deal with the Ukraine crisis Delhi court awards life imprisonment to 17 policemen for killing a 22 year old student in a staged shootout U.S. Sends Stealth Bombers To Europe Gates Foundation Sells Stake in Worlds Biggest Securityservices and Prison Operator, UKbased G4S Death of Palestinians in protest may be Israeli war crime, rights group says China's antigraft campaign is now targeting officials who have sent their spouses & children abroad, where they can create channels to potentially funnel illicit gains & establish footholds for eventual escape from the mainland UK Prime Minister Cameron to order school inspections over worries about infiltration by Muslim extremists. Egypt Mob torches Christian shops ahead of trial sraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus strongest coalition partner threatened to bring down the government if it tries to annex West Bank settlements following the breakdown of Mideast peace talks Japan to press for resumption of annual whale hunt Two men have been given life sentences by a Moscow court for the 2006 murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya, Russian news agencies report. Latin Americans forge ahead with CO2 reduction plans. Over the past year, Guatemala, Honduras, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Colombia, Chile, Bolivia and Peru have all either passed or announced an intent to legislate major new policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions China ships 'rammed 1,400 times by Vietnamese vessels' as tensions continue to rise between the two countries. Baby rhino Gertjie refuses to sleep alone after witnessing his mother's death at the hands of poachers  The baby rhino was found 'crying inconsolably' next to his dead mother in South Africa Mexico City joins others in banning animals in circuses Boris Johnson calls for removal of antihomeless spikes London mayor says 'ugly, selfdefeating and stupid' spikes outside luxury flats are not the answer to rough sleeping New Inca Road Discovered Leading Right to Machu Picchu  Road includes a nearly 5 meter long tunnel, still intact 500 yrs after its construction The NYT reports a Chinese military unit has been stealing design schematics from aerospace and satellite companies and government agencies. Canada shuts down investor immigration path declaring that there is little evidence that immigrant investors as a class are maintaining ties to Canada or making a positive economic contribution to the country; Rich Chinese sue Australian PM Tony Abbott seeks alliance to thwart President Obama on climate change policy Russia, China have their sights on undercutting dollar's dominance as reserve currency Ireland Nun admits care home children were involved in medical trials  In one of the trials, 80 children became ill after they were accidentally administered a vaccine intended for cattle Eight employees at Canada's largest dairy farm are being accused of viciously beating cows after undercover video was given to the British Columbia SPCA. G20 not a place to discuss climate change, says BHP chief [BHP is an AngloAustralian multinational mining, metals and petroleum company] Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his Canadian counterpart Stephen Harper have condemned carbon taxes during their first bilateral talks in Ottawa. Moderate Muslim preacher shot dead in Kenya Iraq militants seize Mosul provincial government HQ Archaeologists discover 4,000yearold tomb from 11th Engyptian dynasty in Luxor Venezuelan Prostitutes Earn More Selling Dollars Than Sex World's oldest man dies at 111 UK govt accuses Muslim group of trying to impose Islam in schools  Vietnam banking tycoon given 30year jail term ISIS Militants seize control of Mosul, the Second Largest City in Iraq Chrome OS leaks data to Google before switching on a VPN, says CESG (the part of GCHQ that helps British citizens protect stuff from foreign spies) | It also identifies significant risks in the operating systems. Netanyahu Is Facing Heat From All Sides For His Handling Of Palestine Peace Talks U.S. arms could create Syria 'warlords', rebel commander says A man and a woman arrested for protesting against the coup will undergo a process to have their attitude adjusted, said deputy national police chief General Somyos Phumpanmuang Revealed Asian slave labour producing prawns for supermarkets in US, UK Canadian Cyberbullying law would let government remotely hack into computers, mobile devices, or cars Chile rejects Patagonia wilderness dam project The Chilean government has rejected a plan to build five hydroelectric dams on rivers in the south of the country. Its decision follows years of campaigning by environmentalists and local communities. Taxi drivers to bring London to a standstill over row with Uber. The last organised strike of this magnitude cost London over 600 Million. Revealed Asian slave labour producing prawns for supermarkets in US, UK | Thai 'ghost ships' that enslave, brutalise and even kill workers are linked to global shrimp supply chain, Guardian investigation discovers The insurgent fighters who routed the Iraqi army out of Mosul did not just capture Iraqs secondlargest city. They also gained a windfall of arms, munitions and equipment abandoned by the soldiers  arms that were supplied by the US and intended to give the troops an edge over the insurgents London Mayor Boris Johnson offers to be blasted by water cannon to show theyre safe  after buying the riot control equipment for the capital despite having no permission to use it. Emirates cancels order for 70 Airbus A350s JK Rowling donates 1m to Scotland's antiindependence campaign Billions of NATOdollars unaccounted for, says Dutch National Court of Auditors ISIL storms Turkey's Mosul consulate, 'takes diplomats captive' I think we just got read the riot act  Hong Kong must accept Beijing's control, China's Communist Party warns Unverpacked New ZeroWaste Grocery Store in Germany Will Package None of Its Products Oil company Soco International is suspending all operations in Virunga World Heritage Site, Africa's oldest national park. It has also committed to keep out of all other UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Huge haul of bloodstained ivory found in 32 suitcases at Hong Kong airport ISIL take over parts of Tikrit after overrunning Mosul Mosul Seized Jihadis Loot $429m from City's Central Bank to Make ISIS World's Richest Terror Force Canadian man living in China says he was wrongfully imprisoned after refusing to spy on Canada EU opens indepth probes into tax rulings on Apple, Starbucks, Fiat unit ISIL militants seize control of Tikrit as second Iraqi provincial capital falls in two days. All of Tikrit is in the hands of the militants, a police colonel said of the Salaheddin provincial capital, which lies roughly half way between Baghdad and Iraq's second city Mosul. China Shuts Down 20 Million WeChat Accounts For Prostitution Saudi minister says beheading, lashings 'cannot be changed' Microsoft fights U.S. search warrant for customer emails held in overseas server Hacker who revealed George W. Bush paintings gets 4 years in Romanian prison Canadian teachers in British Columbia vote yes at 86% for a full scale strike walk out. After Ukraine, U.S. trains more special forces in eastern Europe | As NATO refocuses on its eastern borders after Russia's annexation of Crimea, the United States is quietly deploying more troops to train special forces in former Soviet bloc states anxious about Moscow's intentions. Australian government grabs $360 million from idle household bank accounts that have been dormant for just three years, prompting outrage in some quarters amid complaints that pensioners and retirees have lost deposits. Brazil airports go on Strike.... hours before World Cup... Rich got 14.6% richer in 2013 Uber sees an 850 percent jump in signups, while cab drivers across Europe protest the taxihailing app by going on strike. Experts call the strike against Uber PR gold for the app. Ukraine Tanks 'cross from Russia' ISIS just stole $425 million and became the worlds richest terrorist group Activists Poured Concrete All Over Some 'AntiHomeless' Spikes This Morning An unprecedented attempt to hold the first ever completely secret criminal trial in the UK has been blocked by the Court of Appeal. Crisis in Iraq  open discussion thread (sticky #10) Clinton reveals how Obama forcibly prevented China's 'secret' meeting with India to isolate US Australia to sue FIFA over corruption surrounding 2022 World Cup Turkey calls for emergency Nato meeting on security situation in Iraq The extinct influenza virus that caused the worst flu pandemic in history has been recreated from fragments of avian flu found in wild ducks in a controversial experiment to show how easy it would be for the deadly flu strain to reemerge today. 500,000 People Reportedly Flee Mosul After Iraqi City Falls 214 mile long traffic jam in Brazil, a day ahead of the World Cup. Transit protests are expected again for opening day. Britain and New Zealand reject Australian PM Tony Abbott's idea for a centreright alliance to block action on climate change Blackwater on trial over killing of 14 Iraqi civilians in 2007 | Prosecutors plan to call dozens of Iraqis to testify over bloodshed in Baghdad that inflamed antiUS sentiment around the world Australian PM Tony Abbott to UN Count me out of climate change summit Recession 'led to 10,000 suicides' The economic crisis in Europe and North America led to more than 10,000 extra suicides ISIS militants extend control to 90 kms from Baghdad as Iraqi army melts away Insurgents vow to take Baghdad as U.S. mulls action Palestinians autopsy shows live bullet killed teen during antiIsrael protest Congo mines no longer in grip of warlords and militias, Enough Project finds 2010 US law requiring companies like Apple and Intel to prove products are conflctfree has worked Iraqs Terrorists Are Becoming a FullBlown Army Syrian woman survives 700 day blockade leaving home only six times, emerging weighing only 75 pounds WildLeaks attracts major wildlife crime leads in first three months | A new WikiLeaksstyle website targeting the kingpins of wildlife crime has attracted serious leads on elephant, tiger, fishery and forest destruction across the globe. Jamaica to decriminalize personal marijuana possession Tear gas, rubber bullets and stun grenades on the streets of Sao Paulo as World Cup begins China battles to be first ecological civilisation Premier Li Keqiang has declared a war on pollution. His leadership has drawn up a philosophical framework called ecological civilisation. It aims to bring everything back to the relationship between man and nature Ayatollah Sistani issues call to arms; the highest ranking Shia cleric in Iraq asks all Muslims to fight back against ISIS insurgents. Baghdad is going to be overrun. The Green Zone is going down.  U.S. intelligence official The rules in ISIS new state Amputations for stealing and women to stay indoors. Russia on Iraq We told you so China arrested more people last year for environmental offences than in the previous 10 combined as Beijing strives to produce results after a muchvaunted pollution crackdown Iran Deploys Quds Forces To Support Iraqi Troops, Helps Retake Most Of Tikrit Tesla puts electric car patents into public domain Iran official 'Tehran willing to work with US over Iraq crisis' Pope Francis says global economy discards young Jehovah's Witness elders were 'spiritually corrupt and morally bankrupt', court told in child abuse cover up case Supreme court of Canada rules ISP's cannot give police subscriber information without a warrant Iraqi militants capture US made tanks, humvees, arms from abandoned military base Ontario has just elected the first LGBTQ premier in Canadian history Obama Considering All Options after Iraq Government Asks US for Air Strikes against ISIS Supreme Court rules Canadians have the Right to Online Anonymity Greece sues for 7 billion euros over German submarines that have never sailed UK rules out taking military action in Iraq Oil prices spike on escalating Iraq violence Solar Storm Heading Toward Earth Today Iran is open to shared role with U.S.  senior Iranian official Ukraine Claims Full Control of Port City  Ukrainian government forces said Friday that they had won full control of the port city of Mariupol in eastern Ukraine, in a fight that left five proRussian militants dead and ended with a Ukrainian flag being hoisted at City Hall. Poachers massacre 68 elephants in Congo national park with chainsaws and by shooting from helicopters. 'At my age I do not have much to lose' Pope Francis ditches bulletproof Popemobile, creating security headache for Vatican officials Ukrainian military plane with at least 49 aboard shot down YouTube refuses Egypt's request to remove footage of Tahrir Square sexual assault Poacher who killed 30 tigers in India has been Caught Petition with 150,000 signatures calls on France to grant Snowden asylum Worlds Biggest Elephant Killed by Poachers in Kenya  He was killed by a poisoned arrow. Poachers hacked off the face & tusk of Satao, who is reported to have been exceptionally intelligent. Toronto police, at the direction of an Ontario Superior Court judge, have released an internal video which for more than two years the force denied existed, in a case involving the arrest and detention of a paraplegic man who claims he was assaulted by officers and urinated on while in custody. U.S. wont intervene in Iraq in absence of political reform by Iraqis, Obama says Jamaica decriminalizes personal possession of marijuana, will clear past ganja arrest records ISIS' halfabilliondollar bank heist makes it world's richest terror group 'Powerful bom found near presidential HQ Ukrainian presidential bodyguards have disposed of a powerful explosive device discovered near President Petro Poroshenko's headquarters, a security source said. Canada's Top Court Just Ruled Online User Data Is Inherently Private Iran sends troops into Iraq to aid fight against Isis militants Canada's Top Court Just Ruled Online User Data Is Inherently Private Taliban changing from religious group to criminal enterprise U.N. Pope rejects bulletproof Popemobile, says there is no point in riding the sardine can at his old age Kenyas biggest elephant killed by poachers Pope Francis Warns The Global Economy Is Near Collapse Volunteers flock to defend Baghdad as insurgents seize more Iraqi territory Hundreds of young Shiite men volunteer to fight Sunni militants in Iraq Japan to slash corporate tax rate to below 30% U.S. weighs Iraq airstrikes, Obama says he won't send combat troops Blood minerals are electronics industry's dirty secret A crackdown in the US is forcing technology firms to come clean about the source of the minerals used in their smartphones and electronics It's a huge win for Canadian Privacy Rights as Supreme Court rules government warrantless disclosure requests unconstitutional | OpenMedia.ca Syria pounds ISIS bases in coordination with Iraq U.S. officials scrambled to nab Snowden, hoping he would take a wrong step. He didnt. Japan kills 30 minke whales in first hunt since International Court of Justice ruling About 300 Ukrainian nationalists have stormed the Russian embassy in Kiev and raised the Ukrainian flag, following a demonstration to protest the shooting down of a Ukrainian military transport by proRussian rebels. 13 Aircraft Mysteriously Disappear from Radar 2 separate blackouts of identical length  Military blamed after planes vanish from Europe airtraffic control screens. Slovak authorities claim electronic warfare exercise caused dozens of planes to briefly disappear from airtraffic control radar Tony Blair rejects izarre' claims that invasion of Iraq caused the crisis  'We have to liberate ourselves from the notion that we caused this', argues former prime minister in website essay A superbug resistant to lastresort antibiotics has made its way into the food supply Oilrich United Arab Emirates aims to be a sustainable energy pioneer. One of the world's richest oilbased economies is embracing sustainable technologies, and making a surprise bid to become a clean energy leader Canadian Supreme Court rules internet anonymity is key to privacy Possible mass execution of 1,700 Shiite Iraqi soldiers by ISIL in Iraq Torvalds on patents 'Sane people know it's bullsh*t but making real change is difficult' U.S. aircraft carrier George H. W. Bush moving toward Persian Gulf as Iraq tensions rise After months of speculation, Pakistan launches full scale operation in North Waziristan to cleanse area from foreign and local terrorists. Melinda Gates Gates Foundation Has Decided Not to Fund Abortion US condemns attack on Russian embassy in Kiev Surveillance for FIFA World Cup Brazil  $5.2 million USD contract for intelligent video analytics software that autonomously learns and identifies 'unusual or suspiciousehavior and alerts authorities via text message Brazil Arrests and crackdowns but antiWorld Cup activists get their message across | Despite police raids on activists' homes, protesters are gaining wide audiences with their calls for change in Brazil and beyond Facebook will track users outside of the site, says 'people want more targeted advertising' Militants Claim Mass Execution of Iraqi Soldiers Vandals Sets Crimean Mosque on Fire Be more British Cameron tells UK Muslims PM issues powerful new pledge to combat extremism Norway concerned for civil society in Hungary Israeli Teens kidnapped by terrorist organization Apparent pause in global warming blamed on 'lousy' data  European Space Agency scientist says annual sea level rises since 1993 indicate that warming has continued unabated Facebook to track what users do on other sites Michael Schumacher out of Coma Australia's government is trying to delist 74,000 acres of world heritage protected rainforest to make way for loggers British public wrongly believe rich pay most in tax, new research shows  Study shows poorest 10% pay eight percentage points more income, prompting calls for more progressive system Japanese fans clean stadium after losing 21 against Ivory Coast Japanese fans who watched their national team be defeated by the Ivory Coast in the Fifa World Cup on Saturday showed it is possible to lose graciously, when they stayed behind after the match to help clean up. Australia's richest 1% own as much as bottom 60%, says Oxfam | Income inequality has risen since mid1990s and nine richest people now have greater net worth than poorest 4.54 million IKEA waits 8 years, then shuts down IKEAhackers site with trademark claim | IKEA lawyers pushed site to go noncommercial or give up its domain name. Russia cuts off natural gas supplies to Ukraine Thousands of Iraqi men take up arms and volunteer to protect Baghdad at all costs, as ISIS troops closes in on the capital. Green party peer put on database of 'extremists' after police surveillance in the UK  Political movements of Jenny Jones and Green party councillor Ian Driver were recorded for up to 11 years, though neither have a criminal record Boris tells Blair Put a sock in it over Iraq | Mayor of London Boris Johnson claims the former Prime Minister has 'finally gone mad' after making an 'unhinged' attempt to rewrite history. NATO has released satellite imagery supporting reports that the tanks crossing into Ukraine are Russian T64s; it is believed that the T64s were in storage in Russia and were then sent with proRussian forces. Russia is denying this. In a leaked video, the nominee to be South Koreas next prime minister says that Japans occupation of Korea was Gods will and that it shouldnt apologize for comfort women. Syrian army foils chemical attack on Damascus Hackers threaten to release details of 600,000 Domino's Pizza customers  including favourite toppings  unless they get 30,000. The slaughter of Kenyas biggest elephant and the decimation of an entire species Brazilian Police Officer Reportedly Fires Live Bullets At World Cup Protesters Australian PM Tony Abbott seeks World Heritage reversal to open Tasmanian forests to logging NATO says Russia considers it an opponent, prepares Ukraine aid Taliban target voters in Afghanistan, kill 50, mutilate 11 New research shows Western Amazon under threat from oil pollution 'Foreign Legion' in Iraq and Syria may bring jihad to West. I don't think the public realizes the seriousness of the problem.  Richard Walton, head of Scotland Yard's counterterrorism command Global nuclear arsenal estimated at 16,300 warheads, says think tank. Pace of nuclear bombs reduction seems to be slowing, says Stockholm International Peace Research Institute; Israel's stock reportedly remained at 80. How an arrest in Iraq revealed Isis's $2bn jihadist network Chinese govt reveals Microsofts secret list of Androidkiller patents ISIS enters Turkmen city Tal Afar in northern Iraq Tiny island nation that controls vast area of Pacific Ocean bans all commercial fishing in one of world's largest marine parks  If you think of the ocean as a bank account in which everybody withdraws but nobody makes a deposit, then protected marine reserves are like savings with interest. Britains top counterterrorism official has been forced to reveal a secret government policy justifying the mass surveillance of every Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Google user in the UK. New Zealand government to open up habitat of worlds rarest dolphin for oil exploration. Pope tells super rich, bankers to find some ethics Iraq says Saudi Arabia siding with terrorism North Korean leader Kim Jongun sends birthday greetings to Queen wishing 'British people wellbeing and prosperity' Gunmen kill at least 50 in Kenya during World Cup TV screening The West Australian government has decided to allow Buru Energy to frack for gas in the Kimberley region without an Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) assessment. UK law banning forced marriage takes effect Top universities are paying too much for scores of academic journals provided by major publishing companies, an investigation has found. Gas transit pipeline explodes in East Ukraine IMF urges U.S. to raise minimum wage Marijuana Breathalyzer Invented Russia 'using words to destroy meaning'  Group of authors including two Nobel laureates condemns Russian Federation's 'waves of propaganda' against free expression UK to reopen embassy in Tehran Mass surveillance of social media is permitted by law, says top UK official Russia's Former Top AntiCorruption Cop Commits Suicide During Questioning Greenpeace suffers $5.2million loss after rogue employee botches major currency investment ISIS fighters in Syria and Iraq keep tweeting pictures of cats and pizza and its surreal Sudan's airforce bombs Mdecins Sans Frontires (MSF) hospital in South Kordofan, Sudan Nigerian army arrests 486 alleged Boko Haram members Turkey bans reporting on consular staff kidnapped in Mosul Two Russian state TV journalists have been killed in a mortar attack near a village outside the east Ukrainian city of Luhansk. Qatari U.S. intervention in Iraq would be seen as war on Sunni Arabs Kerry US open to working with Iran against extremists in Iraq Secular triumph as British government bans creationism from free schools and academies Baghdad has formally called on the United States to launch air strikes against jihadist militants Japan makes possession of child pornography a punishable offense ISIS begins assault on Baghdad Gunmen attack North of Iraqi Capital NHS 'world's best healthcare system'; healthcare provision in US the worst. Saudis give apparent warning to Iran don't meddle in Iraq World Cup Produces Arrest of Mexican Drug Lord Going to Game Kim Jongun's latest propaganda video reveals Russian cruise missile, potentially in violation of sanctions 20,000 Elephants Were Poached in Africa in 2013 New NSA Revelations Inside Snowden's Germany File. An analysis of secret documents leaked by Edward Snowden demonstrates that the NSA is more active in Germany than anywhere else in Europe  and that data collected here may have helped kill suspected terrorists. Hundreds of teenage boys suffered brutal physical and sexual abuse at an Australian naval base Scientists Baffled After Discovering Mysterious Man Hidden Beneath Picasso Masterpiece World peace declining after long postWWII improvement Study. World peace has deteriorated steadily over the last seven years, with wars, militant attacks and crime reversing six earlier decades of gradual improvement, a global security report said on Wednesday. Australia buys up, enters Asian arms race Australia is now the seventhlargest importer of major arms in the world and the biggest customer of the largest weapons producer, the US Largest Active Volcano on Earth Rumbles Back to Life  The world's biggest active volcano, Hawaii's towering Mauna Loa, may be rumbling back to life, according to the Hawaii Volcano Observatory. US may blacklist Thailand after prawn (shrimp) trade slavery revelations Several people feared dead after explosion hits World Cup viewing center in northeast Nigeria YouTube to block Indie music as a music subscription service is launched German security firm finds spyware on Chinesemade smartphone Despite Protests, Canada Approves Northern Gateway Oil Pipeline  It'll run from the Alberta oil sands to British Columbia coast. Opponents in British Columbia, who span the political spectrum, threaten to block it altogether, fearing it'll make the province vulnerable to an oil spill. Earth has its Warmest May on Record Globally, Spring could be Warmest Youtube to start blocking indie artists &labels that don't sign up for their new paid service A boat carrying 97 people from Indonesia sank off the western coast of Malaysia and 61 of the passengers are still missing, the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency said China is building artificial islands in the South China Sea that it claims as its own. China can use the islands to claim the 200 miles around them as its Exclusive Economic Zone; the islands may also be used for Chinese military activities, alarming Vietnam, the Philippines, and other countries. Iraq crisis Isis seizes Baiji oil refinery  live updates Fiji accuses global community of abandoning the Pacific on climate change, singles out 'selfish' Australia  accused the global community of abandoning Pacific island nations to sink below the waves instead of tackling climate change. China has handed down lengthy jail terms to three anticorruption activists who had called for officials to disclose their personal wealth Australian High Court finds $245.3m federal funding of chaplaincy program unconstitutional. Petraeus U.S. Must Not Become the Shia Militia's Air Force WikiLeaks publishes secret Trade in Services Agreement (TISA)  Financial Services, covering 50 countries Australia has dropped a plan to place its first nuclear waste dump on Aborigine land, after a longrunning legal case ended Canada's Indigenous We are the wall that the pipeline cannot pass  Aboriginal groups plan lawsuits & direct actions to stop Northern Gateway pipeline. First Nation says approval violates constitutional rights since govt didn't consult them when their lands & resources are impacted. Injured man trapped in German cave rescued after 12 days Mountain to be Blasted Today for Telescope  The top of a mountain in Chile will be blown up make way for the worlds largest optical & infrared telescope. Once the mountain is leveled, construction of the EELT will begin. It's expected to take less than 10 yrs. Poverty hits twice as many British households as 30 years ago | The UK economy has doubled in size since the early 1980s  yet the number of those suffering belowminimum living standards has grown by more than twice, a study claims. Polish authorities search premises of weekly that revealed tape scandal Iraq crisis Britain and US must not meddle in Iraq, warns Saudi Arabia Indian Officals Order CocaCola Plant to Close for Using too Much Water  Mehdiganj plant at centre of protests accused of extracting too much groundwater & releasing pollutants above limits. India is one of Coke's fastestgrowing markets thanks to an expanding middle class. Doctors Without Borders Clinic In Tikrit Shelled By ISIS Militants Google will be forced to make a company disappear Inspired by the right to be forgotten, a Canadian court has ordered Google to delete links to a company How Corrupt Is the U.S.? Just Watch House of Cards, China Party Arm Says Kenya alShabaab attack 'was led by white man speaking fluent British English' Japan failed to include 640 kg of unused plutonium in its annual reports to the International Atomic Energy Agency in 2012 and 2013, in what experts are terming an inappropriate omission. U.K. Approves Plans For What Could Become The Worlds Largest Offshore Wind Farm Increasing numbers of French Jews are leaving for Israel, citing dim economic prospects and a sense of being caught between an increasingly influential far right and militant Islam. More than 5,000 are on track to leave this year, the most since after the SixDay War in 1967 Fukushima ice wall looking more like a dirt Slurpee  Failure of a smallscale version to freeze is latest setback in addressing ongoing crisis Senior MP calls for Tony Blair to be impeached over Iraq Luxembourg approves samesex marriage bill. Felipe VI has been proclaimed King of Spain US rules out military action until PM Nouri alMaliki stands down Indian Govt. planning to make 50 essential medicines free of cost for every citizen from birth to death. Doctors without Borders say that the Ebola outbreak ravaging West Africa is 'totally out of control' and the outbreak is far from over and will probably end up as the most deadly on record. WikiLeaks publishes 'secret draft' of world trade agreement Deal among 50 countries would help prevent added regulation of financial services, website says Pope condemns efforts to legalize marijuana | Al Jazeera America U.S. cuts aid to Uganda, cancels military exercise over antigay law Secret deal bank freeforall  Leaked WikiLeaks documents reveal the Abbott government is pressing ahead with secret trade negotiations aimed at bringing about radical deregulation of Australia's banking and finance sector. Classified files leaked to Danish media suggest some EU states are allowing US spies to install surveillance equipment on cables in order to intercept the emails, private phone calls, and Internet chats of their citizens. Untreatable virus spreading in the Caribbean now afflicts 4,600 Israeli Troops Kill Palestinian Teenager Protesting West Bank Arrests Brazilianbased architect cites estimates indicating that some 250,000 people have been evicted from their homes to make way for the World Cup Tufted Puffin spotted for the first time since 1830's Hong Kong democracy movement hit by one of largest DDoS attacks in internet history Solar energy production breaks record in Germany. More than 50 percent of country's electricity demand supplied by solar power at start of June. Japan PM Abe wants to stage 2020 Robot Olympics Norway likely set to implement a national ban on begging South Korea calls on US military to keep servicemembers in line Isis storms Saddamera chemical weapons complex in Iraq Abbott in 'secret trade negotiations' to deregulate banking and finance | Foreign banks and workers would get greater access and local bank accounts could be transferred overseas, reports say The US and EU are driving the TISA process. It was their lax rules that allowed the Global Financial Crisis to happen. Now they are using TISA to extend those rules even further, at the bidding of their finance industry Uganda students smuggle pigs into parliament to protest government corruption. Chilean mountaintop blasted off to make way for worlds largest telescope, which will search for alien life Saudi Arabia slams ISIS as destructive terror group Obama sending 300 Military Advisors (i.e. Special Forces) to Iraq; We will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if we conclude the situation on the ground requires it. Iceland Tops Global Peace Index 2014 Beijing Now Has Almost as Many People as Australia Hong Kong people demand right to select their own leader, by staging a referendum. Beijing is not amused that half a million people have voted. Outrage in Japan as female lawmaker jeered for being single, childless 30 schools across the UK are using textbooks which teach that AIDS can be avoided through religion, and that homosexuality is a choice | The USbased Accelerated Christian Education curriculum currently lists over 30 UK schools on its website, with the majority being private Christian schools. US fired depleted uranium at civilian areas in 2003 Iraq war, report finds 5 South Korean soldiers shot and killed by fellow soldier near SK/NK border Kurdistan defies Baghdad and delivers a million barrels of oil to Israel Anger in Vietnam as China sends four more oil rigs into disputed waters a 'Super predator' that devoured a Great White Shark is being investigated by researchers. China Employs Porn Judges to Scrub the Web These judges, the government says, have the sacred task of returning the Internet to a clean and safe state Putin orders central Russia forces on 'full combat alert' A case involving Shell Oil Company had a breakthrough on Friday when a U.K. judge ruled that the oil giant was liable to provide certain security measures to protect its pipelines in Nigeria after two spills in 2008 and 2009 devastated a Niger Delta community. Human Rights Watch says Israeli military ordered removal of surveillance footage that showed killings of two Palestinian boys China bans unauthorised critical coverage by journalists EU launches attack against corporate tax avoidance The EU has taken steps to curb tax avoidance by global corporations. In recent months, criticism in the budgetstrapped bloc has mounted over tax loopholes exploited by companies such as Apple, Google and others. New leaks show Germany's collusion with NSA | An NSA document from January 2013 shows the spirit of cooperation that existed between the NSA, the German BND, then the BfV, as well as the BSI. The documents also show that the BND has been eager for closer ties with the NSA since 1962. Court Hands Google a Worldwide Site Blocking Injunction | a Canadian court has ordered Google to completely block a group of websites from its worldwide search results. The ruling was handed down despite Google's protestations that the court has no jurisdiction over Google locally or in the US. Rome seeks 25 million to save Emperor Nero's lavish palace Chinese police shoot dead 13 attackers in Xinjiang Cyberattack on Hong Kong Vote Was Among Largest Ever The online voting platform for the unofficial referendum now underway on Hong Kongs political future has been subjected to one of the most severe cyberattacks of its kind ever seen Presbyterian Church narrowly votes to divest from HewlettPackard, Caterpillar, & Motorola, three companies that it claims support Israel's occupation of Palestinian territories. Google Removes Singapore Hate Blog Against Filipinos  Blog listed ways to harass Singapore's Filipino population. Police investigating the anonymous Blood Stained Singapore blog that suggests Singaporeans refuse to be served by Filipinos or accidentally shove them in crowded places. Iraqi oil refinery fire Blaze seen by Landsat 8. Iraq crisis Isis allies 'turn on jihadists' as 17 killed in clashes near Kirkuk Egypt jails man for a year as push against sexual harassment begins ISIS mocks Michelle Obama with new hashtag #bringbackourhumvee Fifa Bosses 'Secretly Doubled Their Salaries' New leaks show Germany's collusion with NSA Pope excommunicates all Mafia members from the Catholic Church. Australians want renewable energy target retained by big margin Polling shows 72% of Australians want to keep or expand RET, as Abbott government considers abolishing it Polish Foreign Minister caught on tape saying that Poland's US ties are worthless or even harmful. Snowden Receives German Award for Civic Courage Iraq Has Split Into Three, Says Kurdish Official Edward Snowden rejects German plans for meeting in Moscow | Whistleblower Edward Snowden has rejected a German request for a meeting in Moscow, where he is living under temporary asylum. Snowden's lawyer told DW that German intelligence has downplayed its ties to the NSA. Schumacher to remain invalid rest of his life. British people favour leaving the European Union, according to poll Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Pilot Now Top Suspect In Missing Plane Mystery, Police Say Oldest Surviving Bannockburn Manuscript Restored  The 1,400line epic poem The Brus was written by the Archdeacon of Aberdeen in about 1375, & covers Robert the Bruce's Scottish wars of independence. The Brus is a unique & nationally important treasure. Russia is ready to replace Visa and MasterCard with Sberbank's Universal Electronic Card 1,000s rally in London against austerity Report Polish minister says US ties worthless Angry farmers bring cow from Fukushima to Tokyo to demand Japan's government investigate a disease they say cattle have developed since the nuclear disaster three years ago Tens of thousands of people gather in London to protest about UK Government's austerity measures, yet it's gone mostly unreported by media Iraqi Military Out of Hellfires in Battle Against ISIS Iraq action futile without accord President Obama tells 'no amount of American firepower' will be able to hold Iraq together if leaders do not rise above sectarianism Canada announces economic sanctions against Russia following Putin placing troops on combat alert UNICEF says Al Qaeda sexually abused Yemen children President Obama has dismissed the idea that supplying US arms to Syrian rebels would have toppled President Assad, calling it a fantasy. US Senate committee approves $960 mn for Pakistan in 2015 Iran opposes US intervention in Iraq, says Ayatollah Ali Khamenei Baltic states to back further Russia sanctions if Ukraine crisis does not ease AlJazeera journalists sentenced to seven years in prison in Egypt We Demand Justice Kenyans protest after men who brutally raped girl sentenced to cut grass Ghana has been exposed agreeing to pay to take part in international football matches organized and manipulated by match fixers Russell Brand calls for revolution as tens of thousands march in London against coalition's austerity measures 'The House of One', a Mosque, Church and Synagogue; all under one roof, is being built in Berlin Researchers discover mass graves near USMexico border containing bodies of migrants in body bags Israeli Air Force attacks Assad army targets The UK government has acknowledged that every UK citizen who uses Google and accesses web site services Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, can be monitored, under existing legislation, by the security services Polish Foreign Minister We Gave The US A Blowjob, Got Nothing Prince William gets $11M helicopter from Queen on his birthday UN World's forests fundamental to human wellbeing Iraqi military facing psychological collapse after losses, desertions ISIS is advancing towards Baghdad after more territorial gains. Iraqi officials say ISIS has seized an Air Force base and now has a direct line to Baghdad. Iranian President Islam rejects violence, extremism The Mahdi Army  the paramilitary force that once led a Shia rebellion against American troops  makes show of force against ISIS Glastonbury goes green Festival declares war on plastic water bottles, will distribute reusable steel bottles as 400 drinkingwater taps are erected Riot police deployed in Kiev as hundreds of masked proUkraine activists march on monastery to stop proRussian rally Putin Calls for Ukraine to Hold Unconditional Talks With Rebels Talks Must Include All Sides, Says Russian President Amazon Living Wage campaigners place dummy book on site as protest Fake book, A Living Wage for All Amazon Workers, adds to campaign against low pay at internet retail giant Pope Francis seeks to abolish all forms of torture Japan considering new base on Antarctica 13yearold IsraeliArab boy killed, 4 hurt in bombing on Israel's Syria border Syria handed over 100% of declared chem weapons stockpile ISIS 'May Have Recruited 1,500 Britons' Big Voter Turnout in Unofficial Hong Kong Poll, condemned as illegal and invalid by the central government in Beijing. Neurotoxic pesticides blamed for the world's bee collapse are also harming butterflies, worms, fish and birds, and the evidence was sufficient to trigger regulatory action. UN rejects Australia's 'feebleid to strip Tasmanian forest's heritage status Doctors vote for ban on UK cigarette sales to those born after 2000  British Medical Association hails vote as step towards achieving goal of a tobaccofree society by 2035, but critics call it 'illiberal' Iran arrests 2 over 'vulgar' online video showing people singing, dancing in support of nation's World Cup team World must act within five years to save oceans from pollution and overfishing watchdog 8.0 magnitude earthquake, Rat Islands, Aleutian Islands 25 minutes ago. Tsunami bulletin issued. Greenpeace executive uses jet to commute Russia's President Putin asks upper house of parliament to revoke the right of military intervention in Ukraine Sudan death row woman 'rearrested' Sudanese woman freed from death row Monday has been arrested with her family at Khartoum airport, sources tell BBC North Korea Officially Condemns Seth Rogen, James Franco Over Unreleased Movie The Independent Iraq crisis Tony Blair admits 'removal of Saddam Hussein' partly to blame for uprising Hamid Karzai 'I Didn't See a War in AfghanistanI Saw a Conspiracy' Great white shark population is healthy and growing, new census shows Hezbollah Gulf states will regret funding ISIS Australia Is The Largest Per Capita Contributor Of Foreign Fighters To ISIS Tasmanias New Laws Threaten Protesters with Mandatory Jail Term  They mainly will be used to target demonstrators against logging forests. We saw too many of these protests tolerated under the previous LaborGreen govt. Law follows similar crackdown on protests in Victoria. Putin offers complete support to Iraq, Iran says Obama lacks will to combat terrorism Iran transfers 88 Russian Sukhoi fighter planes to Iraq India to invite bidding for largest solar power project; aims to achieve a capacity addition of 10,000 MW by 2017 8.0 Earthquake Aluetian Islands. Tsunami Warning Issued US state dept names Ireland as the worlds sex trafficking center  Report highlights serious gaps in Irelands antitrafficking laws. There has been an increase in identified Irish children subjected to sex trafficking within the country. Outrage as Egypt jails Al Jazeera staff Polish MPs ridicule Cameron's 'stupid propaganda' aimed at Eurosceptics Ebola 'out of control' in West Africa Christian woman freed after death sentence in Sudan Pesticides linked to bee deaths must be banned, scientists say North Korea threatens war over Seth Rogen movie. Shopper shocked to find bargain 10 dress has plea for help from Bangledeshi sweatshop employee written on the tag Young Beirut security guard sacrifices his life to prevent a massacre at packed World Cup viewing cafe UK Government minister There is no programme of mass surveillance and there is no surveillance state The Sydney Opera House has cancelled a controversial talk by Muslim writer and activist Uthman Badar titled Honour killings are morally justified after widespread condemnation of its inclusion in the Festival of Dangerous Ideas. Chinese warships will join USled naval drills off Hawaii for the first time this week, in a significant but mainly symbolic effort by the two powers' fighting forces to make friends, not war 66% of Russians want Putin to be president after 2018. People feel far more confident about their future, calm and security, they hope that Russia will restore its status of great power Snowden defends mega spy blab 'Public affairs have to be known by the public' | Calls on Council of Europe to protect whistleblowers India denies US company extension of patent on anticancer drug. Earlier, the Patent Office had denied the patent in 2009 on the grounds of obviousness and lack of inventive step. Researchers Find and Decode the Spy Tools Governments Use to Hijack Phones Denmark's ties with the NSA are deeper than previously thought Unknown planes bomb ISIS positions in N. Iraq, Pentagon denies its US UN says environmental crime is worth between $70$213 billion a year and largely finances criminal, militia, and terrorist groups North Korea Faces Worst Drought In Over A Decade France, supported by Sweden and Denmark, urges the European Union to take action now on Endocrine Disruptors (EDCs) Finnish study Having a dog at home may prevent diabetes  A new Finnish study of more than 3,000 children finds a significant link between having a pet dog and a lower risk of developing type 1 diabetes. Only dogs were found to have the preventative effect. New Report Syria Joins Iran in Sending Military to Fight ISIS in Iraq France warns citizens Don't invest in Israeli settlements, Golan Heights Leader of Tijuana drug cartel captured in northern Mexico Payday lender Wonga used fake law firms to chase customers in arrears; ordered to pay 2.6m in compensation. Scotland Yard want to interview Rupert Murdoch about phone hacking Australian immigration minister instructs detained asylum seekers to leave and return home in official state footage Seeking to mobilize a global front against antigay violence and discrimination, Vice President Joe Biden declared Tuesday [24 June 2014] that protecting gay rights is a defining mark of a civilized nation and must trump national cultures and social traditions. Norway to bring in begging ban U.S. Scientist Offers $10,000 to Anyone Who Can Disprove Manmade Climate Change. Iran Tries To Save Asiatic Cheetah From Extinction Fake engineer made Berlin Airport fire system The man responsible for designing the fire safety system at Berlins new airport  the main reason for the continuing delays to the calamitous 5 billion project  has admitted he was not a qualified engineer. Explosion rips through mall in Nigerian capital, killing at least 21 police Conservative Canadian Government surprises when it admits Climate Change is real, and the effects are coming North Korean restaurants springing up around Asia to raise money for regime The polio virus has been detected in sewage in Brazil; it's the first time the disease has been identified in the country since 1994 Iraq confirms and welcomes Syrian air strikes against Isis militants ALERT North Korea fires three projectiles into East Sea Use of Drones for Killings Risks a War Without End, Panel Concludes in Report Details of Jimmy Saville sexual abuses in NHS hospitals have been revealed  he abused people aged 7 to 75 during unrestricted access. Ghana sends a plane with $3 Million in cash to calm its World Cup players Baghdad May Lose Its Drinking Water As ISIS Approaches Second Largest Dam Chinas commoditylending fraud just got $15 billion bigger  Discovers fraudulent loans backed by gold stocks that dont exist. Australia Tiny Wallaby Among 3 Newly Discovered Mammals in Remote Forest  40 camera traps capture shots of previously unknown wallaby, gianteared mouse & shrewlike marsupial Russia offered Baltics cheaper gas in exchange for NATO exit, says Lithuanian president Kerry demands Russia action on Ukraine 'in hours' US Secretary of State John Kerry has called on Russia to show within hours it is working to disarm separatist militants in eastern Ukraine. In a U.S. Court, Iraqis Accuse Blackwater of Killings in 2007 World Health Organisation urges 'drastic action' on Ebola Iraqi jihadists seize ancient Exorcist temple full of idolatrous stone statues from 3rd century B.C. Astronomers Detect Mysterious Signal 240 Million LightYears From Earth For first time, Israel compensating Palestinians over settlers' land grab. State agrees to pay six Palestinians $87,500 after settlers seized their land to build the unauthorized Amona outpost. Hamas arrests terror cell responsible for rocket fire on Israel Chinese government funds have been misused to buy French vineyards, pay for a trip to Las Vegas and more, the state auditor said in a report revealing more than 300 serious corruption cases Tackling climate change would grow global economy, World Bank says | Findings put to rest claims that the world could not afford to act on climate change German government cancels Verizon contract in wake of U.S. spying row Australian woman found dead wearing headphones and holding her laptop, with burns on her ears and chest, in an apparent electrocution caused by substandard cheap USB charger. Mexican military chopper crosses the border, shoots at US Border agents Put Ultraviolet Dye In London Water Cannons To Track Protesters, Police Bosses Urge Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova have signed partnership agreements with the European Union, in a move strongly opposed by Russia. Russell Brand Fanatical, terrorist, propagandist Fox News is more dangerous than ISIS Costa Rican President Luis Guillermo Solis, a month into his first tem in office, doesn't want his name on plaques at public works or his portrait hung in public offices The works are from the country and not from a government or a particular official, Solis told reporters Obama Seeks $500M to Train, Equip Syrian Rebels Britain bans controversial Saudi cleric alArifi The UK Government makes no apologies for refusing people access to the UK if we believe they represent a threat to our society. Coming here is a privilege that we refuse to extend to those who seek to subvert our shared values, UN Icelanders smoke the most pot | According to the UN's annual World Drug Report Icelanders smoke the most pot, per capita Iraq buys Russian jets to destroy the terrorists dens after long delays waiting for U.S. F16s Australian utilities move to kick rooftop solar off the grid Nigerian man is locked up after saying he is an atheist | Campaigners call for release of 29yearold Mubarak Bala, who lives in Kano in Nigeria's predominantly Muslim north This is now the deadliest ebola outbreak on record  and its getting worse (from /r/globalhealth) FBI seizes 80,000 emails from Murdochs News Corp A Sudanese Christian woman who was sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her faith and then released, is currently staying at the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum with her husband and two children Iranian students prevented from studying science, technology, engineering and maths in UK because of US sanctions It took awhile, but Mubarak Bala, the 29 yearold engineer hospitalized against his will in Nigeria for being an atheist, is beginning to receive some attention by the news media UN 110,000 fled Ukraine for Russia this year U.N. Experts Detroits Mass Water ShutOff Violates Human Rights Israel Could Get Dragged into ISIS's War, Obama Admin Warns Pablo Escobars hippos A growing problem WHO reduces Ebola death toll by changing the way it reports fatalities at the request of the government Indian Intelligence Bureau redflags entry of Saudi Wahhabi preachers into India The fight against Boko Haram sees an unusual faction join the fray snakes and bees are flushing the rebels out of their forest base of operations with their incessant bites and stings, which often leave their targets fatally injured. Washington is renaming the street outside Chinas embassy after jailed dissident Liu Xiaobo  and China is furious Canada's Supreme Court penalizes Walmart for closing store after workers unionized. Spain and Italy have joined France in advising their citizens not to invest in Israeli settlements built on occupied Palestinian Land An estimated 48,000 immigrants may have fraudulently obtained English language certificates despite being unable to speak English, the government has said. Allow fracking in national parks, says UK's Environment Agency chief Quebec unionized WalMart workers win Supreme Court victory  Montreal Saudi Arabia puts army on High Alert after ISIS advances in Iraq. Sarajevo marks 100 years since killing of Archduke Ferdinand Land taken over by foreign investors could feed 550m people, study finds The Vatican's former ambassador to the Dominican Republic has been convicted by a church tribunal of sex abuse and has been defrocked, the first such sentence handed down against a top papal representative. Egyptian judge who mass sentenced hundreds of Muslim Brotherhood supporters to death found out he had sentenced a child to death only after reading the newspaper Jordan fears homegrown ISIS more than invasion from Iraq Japanese city assembly says air conditioners weaken students fortitude; rejects petition for air conditioners, despite numerous cases of heatstroke London's population is 8.4m and rising faster than any other part of the country Israel tells U.S. it would act to save Jordan from Islamists Russia warns Europe over reselling gas to Ukraine US vulture fund ruling pushes Argentina towards second bankruptcy | New York judge blocks $500m payment to creditors in ruling that favours 'predatory' hedge funds over debt restructuring plan Murdoch editors told to 'kill Whitlam' in 1975 In Russia, state enterprises now account for more than half of the economy, up from 30 percent when Putin came to power at the end of 1999 Taliban Mount Major Assault in Afghanistan Iran MPs support more babies billA bill aimed at encouraging more births by outlawing sterilization and vasectomies has passed a first reading in Irans Parliament Armed U.S. drones now flying over Iraq Christians in Turkey 'fearful' after knifewielding men terrorize Istanbul church 'Happy Ramadan' signs at 239 Australian supermarket stores creates a stir, customers boycott Report drone attacks by US may lead to perpetual war Japanese man self immolates in protest against PM Shinzo Abe's proposed remilitarization of Japan Iraq army soldiers retake full control of Tikrit France passes antiAmazon bill aimed at helping small bookstores Canadian Supreme Court rules WalMart must compensate workers Australian cities South Perth and Victoria Park to become South Park due to merger Chinese president Xi Jinping vows China won't bully other nations China's president, Xi Jinping, says his country will never seek to impose its will on other nations, no matter how powerful it becomes. Nigerian's rejection of religion deemed clinical insanity  A Nigerian man has been detained in a mental health institution by his family after saying he had lost his belief in God. [xpost /r/LegalNews] ISIS Crucifies One of Its Own in Syria Scientists warn of tourism threat to Antarctica Antarctic scientists on June 18 warned that a surge in tourists visiting the frozen continent and new roads and runways built to service research facilities were threatening its fragile environment. Famous Barcelona bullring may be converted into Europes biggest mosque. The Emir of Qatar has reportedly agreed to roll out 2.2 billion ($2.99 bn) to convert Barcelona's Monumental bullring into a 40,000capacity mosque, the biggest in Europe, by 2020, if the city council approves the project. Russia will not sit idly by as jihadists press Iraq assault Big turnout in Hong Kong democracy vote as Beijing fumes Gaza rocket strikes Israeli factory, engulfing structure in flames Iraq receives fighter jets from Russia, Belarus Boko Haram Islamists 'kill dozens' in attack on churches in Nigeria  At least three churches reported burned down and dozens of men, women and children killed near Chibok by Islamist militants Putin 'would be killed' if he came to Kiev, Ukraine parliament deputy says on TV The former head of international adoptions at Nepals largest orphanage is in custody over allegations that he raped young girls and groomed them as prostitutes in Kathmandu dance bars. Men's issues group excluded from Toronto Pride parade Lastminute decision goes against Pride rules Tokyo man sets himself on fire after giving a speech opposing Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's plan to reform the country's pacifist constitution Indian Warships on Standby for Evacuation India deploys a guided missile destroyer and a frigate to help evacuate 100 Indians including 46 nurses trapped in the Iraq conflict zone. Saudi King Abdullah, in a Ramadan message on Saturday, vowed to crush Islamist militants threatening the kingdom, the state news agency reported, saying the world's top oil exporter would not tolerate a band of terrorists. ISIS tells Lebanon to prepare for more attacks Eritrea, the United Nations says, is the planet's leastconnected country. Less than 1% of its people have landlines; just 5.6% have cell phones. As for the Internet, less than 1% use it, and connections are almost all dialup. Passenger killed, crew injured as gunmen open fire on plane landing at Pakistan's Peshawar airport Iraq Says Russian Experts Have Arrived to Help Prepare Jets for Fighting Blackwaters top manager issued a threat that he could kill the governments chief investigator and no one could or would do anything about it as we were in Iraq, according to U.S. State Department reports Indian mars mission is cheaper than the movie Gravity Jehovah's Witnesses destroyed documents showing child abuse allegations, court told in coverup case Facebook is facing criticism after it emerged it had conducted a psychology experiment on nearly 700,000 users without their knowledge Peru now has a licence to kill environmental protesters New Zealand A church which advertised that a prayer session could heal health problems including incurable diseases has been told to remove the advertisement. It may mislead and deceive vulnerable people who may be suffering from any of the illnesses listed in the advertisement ISIS declares Islamic caliphate from Aleppo to Diyala Two French Jews were sent to prison for placing a bomb in 2012 under the car of an antiZionist journalist in Paris. The Ugly Truth About Your Shrimp Cocktail  Reports of enslavement and forced labor rack Thailands $7.3 billion fishingexport industry. Chinese troops tried to enter Indian waters in Ladakh Report Russian journalist killed in Ukraine as gunmen fire on media bus Bomb Isis Or We'll Ask Iran To, Top Iraqi Politician Warns United States Nestle has become the first major UK manufacturer to achieve living wage accreditation. The move comes amid increasing pressure on major companies to raise salaries US rushes 75 Hellfire missiles to aid Iraqi Government's battle against ISIS Putin Signs Law Giving Prison Terms for Internet Extremism Extreme weather official advice rewritten to remove climate change link  Australian government accused of significantly watering down information document on Department of Environment website Tens of thousands turn out for Istanbul Gay Pride parade Vaccination for Heroin Addiction and Overdose Developed by The Scripps Research Institute Hong Kong prepares for mass protest against Beijing control Ukrainians crowdfund to raise cash for 'people's drone' to help outgunned army A diplomat has evaded sexual assault charges in New Zealand by claiming diplomatic immunity and returning home Bulgaria's President Plevneliev to dissolve parliament Poroshenko Ukraines only state language to be Ukrainian World Bank tackle global warming and add $2 trillion to global economy, save a million lives Ultra low interest rates and the failure of policy to lean against the buildup of financial imbalances are in danger of making the global economy permanently unstable, the Bank for International Settlements has warned. Ukraine president ends ceasefire  'We will attack' ISIS Vows To Destroy Meccas Kaaba, Kill Those Who Worship Stones Guaranteed $20K income for all Canadians endorsed by academics... Japan authorized a reinterpretation of warrenouncing Article 9 of the Constitution, allowing Japan for the first time since World War II to come to the aid of an ally under attack. Bodies of Three Missing Israeli Teens Found Near Hebron, Source Says Remaining Snowden docs will be released to avert 'unspecified US war'  Cryptome MIT and CERNs secure webmail plan, Proton Mail, stumped by PayPal freeze without warning. Moneyshuffler shutters cash flow after asking if crypto is legal The United Nations has voted to legislate against human rights abuses carried out by transnational corporations, but the resolution, proposed by Ecuador and South Africa, was opposed by the US and the member states of the EU The European Court of Human Rights has upheld a ban by France on wearing the Muslim fullface veil  the niqab Supreme Court lets victims' 9/11 suit vs. Saudi Arabia proceed Indian Prime Minister proposes that India launch a satellite for the benefit of neighboring South Asian countries as a gift from India EU slashes mobile data roaming fees by 55 percent The European Union says the surcharges for surfing the Internet on mobile devices while traveling across the 28nation bloc will be more than halved Liberia To Prosecute People Hiding Ebola Patients Russian Tsar's WWIera 'Shark' submarine discovered beneath the Baltic Sea Chilean Court Rules U.S. Had Role in Murders [in 1973] Iraq Kurdistan independence referendum planned MH370 New evidence of tampering with cockpit systems revealed. Probe shows mysterious power outage during the early stages of its flight Tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents marched Tuesday through the streets of the former British colony to push for greater democracy in a rally fueled by anger over Beijing's recent warning that it holds the ultimate authority over the southern Chinese financial center. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is being held for questioning over suspected influencepeddling Massive dams in Borneo to flood over 2,000 square kilometers of rainforest, displace 10,000s of indigenous people  all to generate electricity that no one wants. Unknown persons erect KKK flag in east Belfast, residents unite to have it removed. Snowden applies to extend asylum in Russia, report says Barrier Reef Dredge Spoil Could Travel Further than Previously Thought, Affecting Coral  Bid to create 1 of world's biggest coal terminals criticised by Unesco's world heritage committee. 3 million cubic metres of spoil to be dumped 20km from reef as part of the expansion of Abbot Point port. ExFrench President Sarkozy Detained Kuwait finance firm suggests trading oil in bitcoins Facebook Is Under Investigation For Mood Manipulation Study African leaders vote to give themselves immunity from war crimes British PM David Cameron calls for global response to Antibioticresistant superbugs, which threaten to plunge the world back to the dark ages of medicine. Three killed in Ankara after police officer shoots woman who filed complaint against him Bikinis to blame for sex crimes on Goa's beaches, says minister An entire island nation is preparing to evacuate to Fiji before they sink into the Pacific TOR nodes (and other services) now illegal in Austria Russia launches swearing ban; books, films, plays risk fines Chilean court links US intelligence to 1973 killings of two Americans Study Muslims hate terrorism, too. it underscores the growing fear and anger felt by many in Muslimmajority countries when facing a range of militant threats, from that of Boko Haram in Nigeria to ISIS to the Taliban insurgency in Pakistan. Netanyahu orders swift probe after Palestinian teen found murdered, 50 Israelis arrested over Jerusalem riots. Rome will be conquered next, says leader of Islamic State Caribbean coral reefs will be lost within 20 years Newly Revealed Snowden Docs Expose Near Global Reach of NSA 42 Percent of Muslims Polled by Pew Research Think Suicide Bombing and Other Violence Against Civilians Are at Least Occasionally Justified Metropolitan Police 'deleted evidence of sex and race discrimination' French exleader Nicolas Sarkozy charged with corruption for influencing judicial proceedings ISPs take GCHQ to court in UK over mass surveillance Ebola death toll rises to 467 out of 759 cases  WHO Police in Hong Kong have arrested 196 protesters who staged a prodemocracy sitin at the city's business district. Egypt's richest man sentenced to 3 years in jail on tax evasion ETA All Iranian Su25 Frogfoot attack planes have just deployed to Iraq French Ban on Face Veils Upheld by European Rights Court I am convinced that we should develop a European armed drone. Germany's defense minister says she wants to hire combat drones and then start building them. Over Half a Million Rally in Hong Kong Against Chinese Rule