 British man found with nailbomb, weapons cache, and plans to mass murder immigrants, not charged with terrorism Israel must give up Nuclear Weapons United Nations Resolution Ukraine PM discloses accident at nuclear plant Reuters Russian state TV's latest attempt to persuade viewers of the moral depravity of the West has left it with egg on its face. What it presented as a child in the USA being exposed to lewd homoerotica was quickly shown to be a fake pornographic parody taken off the internet. DNA Confirms King Richard III's Remains Under Parking Lot An Indian state has halted mass sterilisations at health clinics after a doctor was found using a bicycle pump to inflate women's abdomens. North Korea Bans Name Jongun for All but Leader South Korean government officials said on Wednesday that North Korea had banned parents from giving their newborns the same name as the top leader. People who already have the name have been ordered to register with new ones President Bashar al Assad of Syria says USled strikes on Syria ineffective You can't end terrorism with aerial strikes. ''Troops on the ground that know the land and can react are essential.'' French parliament votes to recognize Palestine as a state Rise of Turkish Islamic schooling upsets secular parents | Turkey has seen a sharp rise in religious schooling under reforms that President Tayyip Erdogan casts as a defense against moral decay, but which opponents see as an unwanted drive to shape a more Islamic nation. Russian ruble in worst daily drop in 16 years Global livestock industry produces more greenhouse gas emissions than all cars, planes, trains & ships combined, but global survey finds twice as many people think transport is bigger contributor  Fear of a consumer backlash is preventing action on getting people to eat less meat. Soap, sunscreen and steroids found in Antarctic waters and wildlife | Range of pharmaceuticals found in fish, clams and sea urchins in waters around two research stations, says New Zealand researchers Iran jets bomb Islamic State targets in Iraq  Pentagon Sepp Blatter Qatar World Cup workers welfare is not Fifas responsibility, companies are responsible for their workers  Hundreds have died on building projects The UN General Assembly has overwhelmingly approved an Arabbacked resolution criticizing Israel for refusing to join an international treaty against nuclear proliferation and calls on Israel to join nuclear treaty Israel vents their fury with France after parliament votes to recognise Palestine as a state Indian forces kill 6 militants crossing into Kashmir to disrupt vote Melting Rate of West Antarctica Glaciers Triples Study Green Energy Sector Jobs Surpass Total Oil Sands Employment in Canada Jordanian Muslim Brotherhood smuggling weapons into Israel Questions raised over Queens ancestry after DNA test on Richard IIIs cousins  the present Queen may not be descended from John of Gaunt and Edward III, the lineage on which the Tudor claim to the throne originated. Topless Femen activist goes on trial in Cologne | Josephine Witt jumped up halfnaked onto the altar of Cologne cathedral during Christmas mass last year, in protest against the Catholic Church. West Antarctic Melt Rate Has Tripled The total amount of loss averaged 83 gigatons per year (91.5 billion U.S. tons). By comparison, Mt. Everest weighs about 161 gigatons, meaning the Antarctic glaciers lost an amount of water weight equivalent to Mt. Everest every two years. NASA has announced that a test launch of their Orion space capsule will take place on Thursday, in the first step of a mission that will take people to Mars by mid2030. NASA officially announces Manned Mars Mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter. Vatican finds hundreds of millions of euros 'tucked away' cardinal 16 Major Cruise Lines Released Over a Billion Gallons of Sewage Into the Ocean in 2014  Beyond 3 miles from shore, the cruise lines may dump wastewater directly into the ocean, & many of them rely on old & antiquated watertreatment systems. Isis recruits are begging to be allowed to return home | Foreign recruits have been writing to their parents with feeble excuses I'm fed up to the back teeth. My iPod no longer works out here. I have got to come home, one of the foreign IS recruits was quoted as saying. Angela Merkel speaks against net neutrality President Vladimir Putin warned Russians of hard times and urged selfreliance, speaking to both chambers in the Kremlin, Mr Putin accused Western governments of seeking to raise a new iron curtain around Russia. Iran sentences blogger to death for insulting the Prophet Muhammad ISIS claims constructing dirty bomb after stealing 40kg of uranium Pentagon fears blowback from humane Guantnamo video release Pacific Fishing Nations Agree on New Rules to Save Pacific Bluefin Tuna, a Species that's Nearly Fished Out Due to Sushi Trade  Tuna down to just 4% of their historic levels. Only a tiny breeding stock now approaching the end of its lifecycle is holding population together. An Emirati woman has been arrested over the fatal stabbing of an American teacher and a foiled plot to bomb the home of another U.S. citizen, UAE authorities said Thursday. U.S. Army sending 100 tanks to Eastern Europe to deter 'Russian aggression' Gorbachev US 'Triumphalism' Fueling New Cold War Israel nature reserve oil spill one of country's worst environmental disasters  3 people hospitalized after inhaling fumes from oil gushing out of a breached pipeline near Evrona reserve. Millions of litres of oil gushing out of a breached pipeline flooded a desert nature reserve. As many as 99% of Russian athletes are guilty of doping $100 billion climate finance goal 'a very small sum' UN climate chief. She said $90 trillion would be invested in infrastructure over the next 15 years. Worlds Biggest Cave in Threatened by Cable Car  Vietnamese are protesting plans to build cable car to carry 1,000 visitors an hr to cave. Researchers fear building towers to support car could damage fragile network of caves & put pressure on already weak ceiling, triggering collapse. South Korea Will Build A Giant Christmas Tree On The DMZ To Annoy North Korea U.K. Introduces the Google Tax The government took aim at tech companies and other international firms, proposing a 25% tax on profits on economic activity that is shifted overseas Cement Intended for Gaza Reconstruction Ends Up on Black Market A Japanese artist who made a kayak modelled on her own vagina has been arrested again in a case that has sparked accusations of censorship. Putin Vows to Punish Speculators Pushing Down Rubles Value NASA's Orion first test flight for Manned Mars Rocket postponed for 24 hours. Iran has provided evidence to the U.N. atomic agency showing that documents on suspected nuclear bomb research by the country were forged Life under ISIS Rule a 'Living Hell' Mosul (Iraq) Citizens Suffering from Lack of Clean Water, Medicine Orion deep space capsule launches. Dozens of Chinese held in Kenya accused of preparing to raid the country's communications systems Germany tries 20yearold man who fought with ISIS in Syria and sentences him to 3 years 9 months. Blame your boss, not China, for stagnant wage growth ILO France ordered to pay Somali pirates up to $5000 each for detaining them for 48 hours too long before appearing in a court. Chinese researchers report that a common pantry pest harbors bacteria that can digest plastic. China overtakes the US as world's largest economy Tony Blair says politicians are underpaid Snowden docs show NSA spied on global cellphone networks An undercover police officer has been accused of encouraging and helping an animal rights campaigner to commit illegal acts which led to his being jailed for four years, according to legal documents Putin Under No Circumstances Will Moscow Stop Cooperating With Europe, US Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday condemned the United Nations Security Council for being an unrepresentative Christian body, as well as the biased decisions of Norway's Nobel Prize Committee. Charity in France Is Accused of Being a Front for Financing Terrorism in Syria Land Mines Arent Killing As Many People As They Used To Turkish PM implies that gender equality triggers suicides Scientists find ancient case of human cancer in man who died 4,500 years ago Corruption a 'problem for all,' latest global index shows Islamic Militants Attack Grozny, Chechnyas Capital, Leaving 19 Dead The new 42m Alan Turing Institute for Data Science, dedicated to the second world war Enigma codebreaker, is to be based at the British Library at the centre of a new Knowledge Quarter, George Osborne announced on Thursday. Cameroons National Assembly has voted into law a bill tabled by government prescribing death sentence on individuals who stage public demonstrations.  deliberately defines the word terrorism to include citizens who carry out public protest against the regime. U.K. to Repay World War I Loan  The War Loan, a slice of perpetual debt with no fixed maturity date and a 3.5% coupon, was issued in 1932 to refinance war debt first sold in 1917 amid a patriotic campaign to fund the war effort. UK mass surveillance laws do not breach human rights, tribunal rules  Rights groups brought case against GCHQ after Snowden revelations on extent of electronic surveillance in UK and US Latvian politician forced to step down after tweeting Thank God Nazis shot gays Reports Obama Mulling Sanctions on Israel Putin tells Russia Hard times are coming The 12 member Union of South American Nations (UNASUR) has taken a step toward creating South American citizenship and freedom of movement. Nigerian Billionaire Tony Elumelu Commits $100 Million To Create 10,000 African Entrepreneurs In 10 Years Orion spaceship makes splashdown Swiss Hostage Kills Guard And Flees Militants Al Qaeda kills American hostage during raid by U.S. forces in Yemen Pakistan military kills alQaeda leader wanted in U.S. Russia's elections head threatened on air to sue anyone who brought up an incident during the disputed 2011 parliamentary elections in which state TV showed voting figures that added up to 146 percent Iran has adopted a bylaw which calls for the release of and free access to public information without inquiring about the intention of applicants. India airlifts 200 tonnes of water to resolve national crisis in Maldives caused by a fire in its capital's lone water treatment plant Chief constable warns against drift towards police state | UK news China rejecting American corn Pakistani Islamic preacher (who supports blasphemy law) has been accused of blasphemy himself and has escaped the country. Two Britons who fought in Syria and were arrested upon returning to Britain after their families cooperated with the police Morale poor among RAF crews in Cyprus doing raids against the Islamic State with broken jets and tired and fedup people Russia is ready to file a lawsuit against France for indefinitely suspending the delivery of two Mistral helicopter carrier warships to Russia, an official has said. Obama says he willing to defy Democrats on his support of TransPacific Partnership Iran confirms it carried out air strikes against Islamic State extremists in Iraq. Nobel medal for DNA discovery brings more than $4.7 million at auction Spying laws are not fit for purpose and need to be overhauled, a group of MPs have said. A report by the Home Affairs Select Committee said the laws have been used to spy on journalists, adding this was not acceptable and could stop whistleblowers from coming forward Toronto police want board chair to quit over Facebook post Ukraines electricity crisis deepens, as a plans to import South African coal collapses. Over 7,000 ISIS fighters banned from entry into Turkey US embassy warns of terrorist attacks in Gaziantep, Turkey. Russias Smartphone YotaPhone 2 DualScreened, SpyFree, PutinApproved iPhone Rival Free trade with U.S.? Europe balks at chlorine chicken, hormone beef. In an unprecedented move, Afghanistan hands over key Taliban commander wanted by Pakistan as ties between the two countries continue on their rapid upswing. Old laptop batteries could power slums An IBM study analysed a sample of discarded batteries and found 70% had enough power to keep an LED light on more than four hours a day for a year Syrian troops have repelled an attack by jihadists from the Islamic State group on a key military airport in the eastern Deir Ezzor province, killing more than 100 Islamic State Jihadists Parthenon marbles Greece furious over British loan to Russia | Greek prime minister says loan of statue from pillaged frieze puts end to British Museum argument that disputed antiquities are immovable Paris mayor announces plans to ban diesel cars from French capital by 2020 Superbugs are killing India's newborns, the New York Times reports  and the entire world's at risk Former Vatican bank heads accused of embezzlement, accounts seized Reports said they had siphoned off between 50 and 60 million euros ($61 and $73 million) while managing the sale by the bank of 29 buildings Ecuador indigenous leader found dead days before planned Lima protest  Shuar leader Jos Isidro Tendetza Antn missing since 28 November  Activists believe death linked to opposition to stateChinese mine project Irish government retroactively legalizes GCHQ surveillance revealed in Snowden docs. British workers suffer biggest realwage fall of major G20 countries Thousands riot in Athens as friend of teenager Alexandros, murdered by police in 2008, goes on hunger strike India to boost clean energy capacity 5fold, but not ready to cut carbon emissions. India doubled its coal tax to 100 rupees per ton and will use the estimated $9.4 million generated for projects that would boost the country's solar power capacity to 100 gigawatts by 2020. Alqaeda and Isis fight between themself near Lebanon border The Israeli Air Force bombed Syrian Army positions in Syria Bolivias Legislature Unanimously Recognizes Armenian Genocide A secret legal regime that governs mass surveillance by the UK intelligence agencies does not breach human rights, tribunal rules a govt document revealed that GCHQ does not need a warrant in order to receive bulk data from the NSA and other foreign agencies Infestation of deadly South American red fire ants in Sydney Mexico missing student identified from charred remains in Guerrero. Two members of Theresa Mays panel inquiring into child sex abuse are facing calls to resign after being accused of sending threatening or insulting emails to victims who had criticised the inquiry. Chechnya's Kremlinbacked strongman the families of rebels who toke part in the raid that left 25 people dead will be punished by being deported and having their houses destroyed Artificial intelligence Hawking's fears stir debate India will not back sanctions against Russia Vote for same sex marriage would be 'grave injustice' Irish church Kenya bus attack survivor 'I played dead' UN reveals Israeli links with Syrian rebels Reports by UN observers in the Golan submitted to 15 members of Security Council detail regular direct contact between IDF officers and armed Syrian opposition figures at the border. Mass surveillance exposed by Snowden not justified by fight against terrorism  Report by Nils Muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the Council of Europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law The body temperature of Polish toddler rescued from severe hypothermia this week had dropped to 12.7 C (55 F). It is the lowest survived body temperature ever recorded in a human with hypothermia. Mexico says evidence proves missing students were incinerated Sixteen British police officers have been charged with criminal and disciplinary offences after they ignored cries for help from a disabled Iranian national before he was murdered by his neighbor last year The bestknown liberal TV channel in Russia has been asked to quit its rented studios in Moscow for the second time in as many months. Rain TV (Russian TV Dozhd) is a digital channel whose output contrasts sharply with staterun media, providing a platform for alternative views. UBER banned in India's capital city New Delhi after a UBER driver was implicated in rape of a young girl yesterday New Horizons robotic probe awakened, begins exploration of Pluto Uber, the U.S. online ridehailing service, has been banned from offering service in the Netherlands. Uber could be fined up to 100,000 euros ($122,000), while drivers could face fines of 10,000 euros, the court found. Russia demands 'explanations' from Israel regarding alleged airstrike in Syria NSA's surveillance a 'trade barrier' for EU companies EU official Merkel allies want immigrants to speak German at home Australian researchers achieve record level of efficiency in solar panels (40.4%) Finland, Scandinavia falling short in fight against radicalisation, expert says | Yle Uutiset Thirteen killed in failed U.S. hostage rescue bid in Yemen ISIS has released a video featuring an Ottawa man calling on his fellow Muslim countrymen to carry out lonewolf attacks on Canadian targets. Mother Sues France Over Underage Son's Syria Trip EU parliament calls on Pakistan to abolish the death penalty for blasphemy Turkish President Erdogan says that the new presidential palace has 1,150 rooms, not 1,000 In Canada, More Jobs in Green Energy than Tar Sands 'The global clean energy revolution isnt a future scenarioit is underway right now,' declares Clean Energy Canada Poland has long seen itself as stuck between the East and West, resulting in plenty of historical suffering. Russian aggression in Ukraine has many in the country fearing the worst. Rome Mayor Defies Mobster Threats and Refuses to Quit German Chancellor Angela Merkel accuses Russia of interfering in the affairs of Eastern European countries seeking closer ties with the EU 6 Arrested For Looting Antiquities From Israel's 'Cave Of The Skulls' Ukraine to Allow Russian Electricity Imports After Coal Supply Falters BC poultry farms have been placed under quarantine and more than 140,000 turkeys and chickens will be euthanized. At least seven countries have banned poultry products from either B.C. or all of Canada. Hackers tell Sony to halt the release of The Interview Elephant Slaughter, Ivory Sales Out of Control Wild Elephants Could Disappear Within a Generation Germany Thousands join antiIslam protest against European spread of ISIS and alQaeda NSA warrantless bulk phone metadata spying continues unabated | Metadata snooping reauthorized a fourth time despite Obama's reform pledge. Hong Kong protesters given Thursday deadline to clear sites, building up to a final showdown between prodemocracy activists and authorities backed by Beijing Revealed how the wealth gap holds back economic growth (the concept of trickledown economics dismissed) Oil drops $2 to fiveyear low on oversupply CIA torture report US raises security ahead of release Hackers Dump Thousands of Rostov Police Documents on Internet; Evidence of Soldiers Wounded in Ukraine Indonesia plans to remove moral and religious education from curriculum Israel Indicts American Over Plot to Bomb Muslims Another AntiPolio Worker Is Killed in Pakistan Maldives in crisis as water supply dries up Tiny island nation enters fifth day without drinking water as government scrambles to repair desalination plant IS militants use Australian recruits as 'cannon fodder' At least 20 Australians have been killed fighting alongside militants in Iraq and Syria, the Australian government has said. Russia is not the only country feeling the pain of a low price of oil. Canada is getting nervous. Ebola is still spreading quickly in western Sierra Leone and deep in the forested interior of Guinea and more foreign health workers are needed to help tackle the epidemic, a senior U.N. official said on Tuesday. World Bank Predicts Russian Economy Will Shrink 0.7 Percent Next Year Estonia Imports Gas From Lithuania Estonia imported its first natural gas from Lithuania, via Latvia, last week in a move that reduces its energy dependence on Russia Islamic State Claims Radioactive Device Now in Europe Ecuador indigenous leader found dead days before planned Lima protest Solar & wind energy backed by huge majority of Australians, poll shows  Renewables among top 3 energy choices and a separate review debunks fears of health damage from wind turbines Moldova 7 arrested suspected of uranium smuggling Israel Oil Spill 4 Times Worse Than Initially Thought  Country's worstever environmental disaster. Anger at plans to boost religious teaching in Turkey Goal to end fossil fuels by 2050 surfaces in Lima UN climate documents. Campaigners in Lima are eyeing an inevitable end to the fossil fuel industry by midcentury UK Porn protest to shock with mass facesitting and fake sex The CIA's harsh interrogations of terrorist detainees during the Bush era didn't work, were more brutal than previously revealed and delivered no ticking time bom information that prevented an attack, according to an explosive Senate report released Tuesday. C.I.A. Kept Bush Ill Informed on Interrogation Tactics, Torture Report Says UN official wants CIA and Bush administration officials prosecuted for torture  and says any country can do it Ebola Fighters Are TIME's Person of the Year 2014 Two psychologists who pushed torture program were paid $81 million for their work Russian Billionaire buys Nobel Prize and hands it back to scientist ExCIA Operative Says Prison Was Punishment for Whistleblowing on Torture | John Kiriakou is the only CIA employee connected to its interrogation program to go to prison. But he was prosecuted for providing info to reporters, not for actions that todays Senate Intel Committee report calls torture Income inequality slows GDP | Today's economy would be bigger if the richest 10 percent hadn't increased their share of total income. Greenpeace damages Nazca lines while setting up a banner. Pirate Bay sets sail for Costa Rica following Swedish raid CIA lied over rutal' interrogations. Indian Government decriminalizes attempt to commit suicide, removes section 309 Extremists using immigrant gangs to intimidate in Denmark NASAs Curiosity rover finds evidence of 3.5 billion year old Water Lake in Gale Crater The CIAs post9/11 embrace of torture was brutal and ineffective  and the agency repeatedly lied about its usefulness, a milestone report by the Senate intelligence committee released on Tuesday concludes Gorbachev calls for U.S.Russia summit to defrost ties This is extremely dangerous, with tensions as high as they are now. We may not live through these days someone could lose their nerve, he wrote in a commentary entitled To unfreeze relations for government daily Rossiyskaya Gazeta. North Korea asks a former detainee to pay the bill for his stay New leaked documents reveal more firms, including Skype and the Koch empire, use Grand Duchy for favourable tax arrangements, putting pressure on European Commission president, JeanClaude Juncker One in five Australian households now use solar Pakistan's blasphemy laws backfire on religious groups Kim Dotcom Is Not a Fugitive, Court Hears  In a new court filing Megaupload's legal team refutes the U.S. Government's claim that Kim Dotcom and his former colleagues are fugitives. The filing further reveals efforts to uncover the MPAA's involvement in the criminal investigation into Megaupload... George W. Bush The U.S. didn't use torture against suspected terrorists British windfarms set new power production record. 43% of Britains homes were powered by wind last Sunday Tanzania's albino community 'Killed like animals' 'Each time police shut Pirate Bay, well multiply other servers' | No matter how many times law enforcement cracks down on The Pirate Bay, it will find a way to reopen, the Berlin chairman of the Pirate Party said World Wide Web inventor says Internet should be 'human right' Google is closing Google News in Spain and removing Spanish media outlets from the service ahead of new law forcing Google to pay for using publishers content A $104 million donation from Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah has helped restore food vouchers for 1.7 million Syrian refugees as winter approaches. New Leak Reveals Luxembourg Tax Deals for Disney, Koch Brothers Empire New documents reveal Canadian Govt. opted out of nearly every resolution to protect endangered species at last CITES convention, filing more reservations in 2013 than Iceland, Japan, and the UK have over the entire 39year history of the treaty. We found an ancient lake on Mars  a sign the planet may have once been habitable Brazil president weeps as she unveils report on military dictatorship's abuses. Dilma Rousseff was herself tortured; 191 people killed; 243 disappeared. US and UK trained interrogators in torture during 196485 military rule Mass online surveillance and censorship of what people see on the web appear to be getting worse, according to the latest report from Tim BernersLees World Wide Web Foundation ISIS throw man off roof for being gay Full scale of plastic in the world's oceans revealed for first time  over 5,000,000,000,000 pieces. Peru indignant at Greenpeace stunt at ancient Nazca lines  Peru will seek criminal charges against Greenpeace activists who damaged the worldrenowned Nazca lines by leaving footprints in the adjacent desert during a publicity stunt China urges U.S. to correct ways after torture report India, the worlds thirdlargest polluter, will spend at least $100 billion on climaterelated projects but isnt ready to follow China and the U.S., the top two emitters, in promising to limit its fossilfuel emissions. Russia raises interest rates to 10.5% U.S. Navy says new laser weapon is ready for action Piles of bodies discovered in Sierra Leone as number of confirmed cases increases past 100 a day.  Ebola burial teams exhausted. RussianIndian reactor deal | Russian President Putin and Indian Prime Minister Modi have announced a deal for Moscow to help New Delhi build more nuclear reactors More than 100,000 people show up in Dublin to protest the water taxes being forced on the Irish people. US agency infiltrated Cuban hiphop scene to spark youth unrest A soldier in Somalia has avenged the killing of his wife by shooting dead five women related to militant Islamists, an official has said. He suspected that the women had colluded with the murderers of his wife, who was also a soldier, he added. China's Urumqi bans Islamic veil, sparking rights concerns Abe defends Japans secrets law that could jail whistleblowers for 10 years Mexican citizen interrupts Malala Yousafzai's Nobel Prize ceremony Palestinian minister autopsy reveals he died from heart attack Canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest. Untrained CIA Agents Were Just Making Up Torture Methods As They Went Along A facesitting protest is happening outside Parliament in the UK as people protest new laws banning many acts in pornography ISIS releases horrifying sex slave pamphlet, justifies child rape Notorious Islamic State Twitter propagandist revealed to be a Bangalore executive. He induced others to join ISIS but himself refrained from joining it due to family concerns. Catholic Church in Australia concedes celibacy may have contributed to child sex abuse US Senator Carl Levin says a claim used in 2003 to justify the USled invasion of Iraq was based on fiction; claims an alleged al QaedaIraqi meeting in Prague never took place. US hid UK links in torture report at request of British spy agencies ISIS leader If there was no American prison in Iraq, there would be no ISIS CIA attacks torture report; fears legal action around world The F35 has no clear edge over three other fighter jets Canada is considering to replace its aging fleet, a declassified governmentcommissioned report says. Dozens of shots fired at Israeli embassy in Athens China's Xinjiang to ban burqas in public Finnish intelligence Most who leave to join Isis are Finns  Half of the Isis recruits have lived their whole lives in Finland while two thirds hold Finnish citizenship, security officials said on Thursday. More than $31 billion worth of food is wasted every year in Canada and when energy, water and other resource costs are factored in the true cost could be up to three times that much, a new report suggests. Island Nations Are Now Screaming It Climate Change Will Sink Us For more than two years, a U.S. agency secretly infiltrated Cuba's underground hiphop movement, recruiting unwitting rappers to spark a youth movement against the government, according to documents obtained by The Associated Press. Rhino horn trafficking surging out of control, say campaigners London airspace closed by regulator Court rejects attempt to allow Edward Snowden into Germany Opposition parties wanted Snowden to give evidence in person to a parliamentary committee investigating NSA espionage Food Prices In Russia Rise Considerably. Inflation has reached 9.4%. Abbas 'I support Egypt's measures against Hamas' The most influential proIslamic State Twitter account to be followed by foreign jihadis  Shami Witness  is shut down after a Channel 4 News investigation uncovers the identity of the man behind it New ShariaCompliant Islamic Doll With No Facial Features Launched In Britain Youngest Nobel Peace Prize Winner Asks Why Giving Guns is Easier Than Giving Books  Why is it that countries which we call strong are so powerful in creating wars but so weak in bringing peace? Visa, MasterCard sued for blocking donations to WikiLeaks Leak Exposes Hollywood's Global AntiPiracy Strategy US may have had black site in Romania, says ex spy chief China used more cement in the last three years than the US used in the entire 20th century. Taliban kill 12 landmine clearers  Taliban gunmen have shot dead 12 people working to clear landmines in southern Helmand province, Afghan police say. Russia says will react if U.S. imposes new sanctions. China tests hypersonic strike vehicle that can breach US missile shield A motherofsix has been jailed for five years and three months for promoting terrorism on Facebook There is now a direct freight train route between China and Madrid, Spain. The journey takes 21 days and covers 13,000 km through seven countries. Google will reportedly move engineers out of its Russian office to avoid the country's increasingly restrictive Internet freedom laws. After 3 decades, Germany is reinvestigating its most mysterious terrorist attack India holds man running one of the biggest proISIL Twitter account Protesters have set fire to several empty buildings allocated to house the increasing number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany. Today Swiss parliament passed bill that gives authorities power to investigate FIFA Pope Francis refuses to meet with Dalai Lama, reportedly to avoid upsetting China Mexicans search for bodies reveals a history of hidden deaths ButtBreathing Turtle Now Critically Endangered  Unfortunately, breathing out of your butt requires very specific conditions that no longer exist in the turtles only habitat, Queenslands Connors River and three nearby catchments. Dams, weirs, agriculture and mining have left the water sluggish. Edward Snowden lawyer calls on Europeans to prosecute US torture architects | They need to know that theyll run into severe trouble if they enter Europe; Wolfgang Kaleck represented Khaled El Masri, who was tortured by the CIA Iran Extends Visas for 450,000 Afghan Refugees After U.S. torture report, Poland asks what its leaders knew. UN peacekeeping troops fire at protesters demanding resignation of Haiti's prime minister Denmark votes against recognizing Palestine Zen Temple In Japan Becomes First To Perform SameSex Marriage Ceremonies Leaked EU Commission plot to ditch waste and air pollution laws Hundreds of British troops are to be sent to Iraq next month to help win the fight against Isis militants, the Defence Secretary has said. For the second time this year, a Russian military aircraft turned off its transponders to avoid commercial radar and nearly collided with a passenger jet over Sweden, officials have said. Rangers Kill Three Poachers in South Africa An Indian court has rejected German drug giant Bayer's bid to block a generic version of its blockbuster cancer treatment Nexavar by a local drugmaker, a move hailed by activists on Saturday. Turkish police raid media outlets associated with Erdogan rival Turkish police have staged antiterrorism raids on a TV broadcaster and a newspaper, detaining several people. The media outlets have ties to a USbased Muslim cleric who is a bitter rival of the Turkish president. Spain passes antiprotest bill, to considerable protest North Korea parades an American who denounces the U.S. system a US citizen has shown up in the repressive state, appearing on television to denounce his home country as a Mafia enterprise and call American democracy an illusion China has offered to help Iraq defeat Sunni extremists with support for air strikes, according to Ibrahim Jafari, Iraq's foreign minister. A Turkish government whistleblower who claims to be in the inner circle of President Recep Tayyip Erdoan has exposed a government plan which he says aims to hold full control of the high judiciary Russia Warns May Send Troops To Ukraine After Congress Unanimously Votes To Give Lethal Aid To Kiev Scottish government accused of abandoning wave power, including awardwinning wave energy pioneer Pelamis Former CIA director Michael Hayden defended agencys use of rectal rehydration, calling it a medical procedure. Daesh smuggling oil via Turkey, Iraq says Chinese hackers used tempting emails, malware and password theft to worm their way into Canadian National Research Council computers in pursuit of valuable scientific and trade secrets, a newly released federal analysis reveals. British torture inquiry not afraid to embarrass PM, head says | Intelligence committee chief Sir Malcolm Rifkind says he will ask US for missing passages revealing any UK involvement in torture and rendition The judges rejected an appeal by Bayer on Friday that contested a March 2012 decision by India's patent controller, who had argued the price charged by Bayer for the liver and kidney drug  $5,500perperson, per month in India  was far too costly for most Indians. Tories accused of trying to buy election with 23% hike to campaign spending  Huge increase quietly slipped through despite Electoral Commission objections over undue influence IS beheaded 4 Christian children, says Vicar of Baghdad Two Turkish TV producers detained as operation against media starts What shall we do with drunken sailors? Canada to ban booze on warships | The Royal Canadian Navy on Friday imposed an almost total ban on sailors drinking at sea after a warship had to be recalled from an international exercise because inebriated crew members got into trouble. Guantanamo general Foolishness to say U.S. has lost moral high ground on human rights following the release of a Senate report detailing the brutal treatment of detainees by the CIA Spain passes tough new 'antiprotest' law A trio of major industry players has submitted the highestever bid for oil exploration rights in the Newfoundland offshore. The partnership  comprising ExxonMobil Canada Ltd., Suncor Energy Inc. and ConocoPhillips Canada Resources Corp.  will pay $559 million for a 266,139hectare parcel Goldman Sachs CEO sees bright side of poverty in China Russia's Defense Ministry on Sunday denied Swedish claims that for the second time this year a Russian military aircraft had nearly collided with a passenger jet over Sweden Vancouver being transformed by new wave of brash, rich Asians looking for safe place to park their cash Lindt Chocolat Cafe hostage drama in Martin Place, Sydney Police storm Sydney Cafe, gunfire erupting, more hostages escape Sydney siege Sydney commuters volunteer to ride by Muslims side, hashtag #illridewithyou trends on twitter High profile drug lord prisoners in Manila revealed to have hotellike cells. Jacuzzis, home theater system, PS4, air conditioning, and a sex doll, among others, discovered. Anonymous hacks Swedish govt emails over seizure of Pirate Bay servers Chinese authorities vowed to severely punish Chinese travelers who threw hot water and noodles on a Thai flight attendant and threatened to bomb the plane after they became enraged over sitting arrangements. Cheney says CIA interrogators were heroes | ExUS vicepresident insists CIA's enhanced interrogation techniques worked and says I'll do it again. Pope Francis Says Equating Islam With Violence Is Wrong. You just cant say that, just as you cant say that all Christians are fundamentalists. We have our share of them (fundamentalists). All religions have these little groups, he said. PlasticEating Fungi Farm Turns Waste into Edible Treats A team in Austria has created a system for using commonly uneaten parts of fungi to break down plastic while simultaneously producing a novelty food product Scientist proposes basic evolution can be explained using physical laws, and the origin of life should be as unsurprising as rocks rolling downhill. Stupid US sanctions wont undo my government, says Venezuelas President Nicolas Maduro Have you ever heard of such arrogance? Maduro asked angrily. As if we cared about visas to get in the United States.  Idiots! he roared Japan is working on doing for the hydrogen fuel cell what it accomplished with computer chips and cars in the last century, slashing costs to make them more appealing to consumers. Shin Bet thwarts planned suicide attack in Tel Aviv Mention of Israel banned at Irish national Holocaust memorial Sydney Opera House evacuated. Snowden Receives Human Rights Award in Berlin Reports Merkel in dilemma as German antiIslam marches gain support Palestinians say they will seek UN vote on resolution to end Israeli occupation Hamas holds Gaza military parade, vows Israel's destruction Belgium risks coming to a virtual standstill Monday as the biggest national strike for years grounds all flights, halts public transport and severs international train links in protest at the new government's austerity policies. Asbestos exposure is the single largest onthejob killer in Canada, accounting for more than a third of total workplace death claims approved last year and nearly a third since 1996, new national data obtained from the Association of Workers Compensation Boards of Canada. Chechnya human rights office set on fire after it criticised the Russian republic's president, 2 activists detained by police ExMossad chief Peace will elude us until we treat Palestinians with dignity Turkey arrests 27 journalists in media crackdown. Germany 'sees rise in farright extremism' Police note a significant rise in farright extremism, as antiIslam marches in Dresden draw high numbers. Pakistani Army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. Over 500 students held hostages Police request attendance list for people at fracking debate. University refuses. Ruble Hits 100 Against the Euro As Currency Collapse Accelerates Taliban We Slaughtered 100+ Kids Because Their Parents Helped America Russian Ruble Crashes to World's Worst Performing Currency CIA torture health professionals 'may have committed war crimes', report says  Physicians for Human Rights called for federal investigation on CIA torture program participation, calling rectal feeding technique form of sexual assault Russian governor ban the use of the word crisis in public | It is possible that the crisis exists, but we forbid the use of this word Russian Bank Manager 'This Is The End Of The Banking System' U.S. Fights to Stop Release of Photos showing Soldiers Abusing and Sexually Humiliating Prisoners in Iraq Samesex Marriage now legal in Scotland Three confirmed dead, including gunman, in Sydney siege In his first major speech on the subject of immigration, French President Franois Hollande blasted the scaremongers who dream of a smaller, more spiteful France. He also insisted Europe would go backwards if countries closed their borders. Hostage hailed a hero in Sydney siege Tori Johnson killed after he tried to knock gun from the hands of gunman President Barack ObamaWe're going to destroy the Islamic State Russia Increases Key Interest Rate to 17% to Stem Ruble Decline India launches crackdown on Islamic State Russian public names Putin Man of the Year Police raid homes of antiArab activists, 10 arrested  National Israel News Erdogan tells EU to 'mind own business' in Turkey mass arrests targeting opposition media Food Prices in Russia Soar as Ruble Tumbles Further Food prices in Russia have grown by 20 to 25 percent since the beginning of the year and are expected to rise even further in 2015 Psychologist admits he waterboarded al Qaeda suspects. Russian Politician Raids Gay Club With Cameras and Riot Police The Sydney hostagetaker had fled Iran after a $200K fraud case North Korea is asking the United Nations Security Council to put the CIA's harsh treatment of terror suspects on its agenda for debate. Ruble hits 77 per dollar despite rate raise  BBC News The United States will normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba, open embassy in Havana Iraq 150 women executed after refusing to marry ISIL militants Foreign exchange in Finland no longer recognizes rubles for trade. Russia says Sweden smokes too much Weed and that there never was a near miss with airplane or submarine in Swedish waters. About 15,000 people show up for AntiIslam march in German city Russians hurried to change their savings and pensions into dollars and euros while also stocking up on furniture and jewellery as the rouble's collapse accelerated | None of us know what's happening. We're all worried that the currency will keep falling Iran had warned that Sydney attacker was unstable and a conartist but Australia refused to extradite him for fraud Pakistan Lifts Death Penalty Ban After Massacre Two Blasts Outside Girls College Near Peshawar Putin's cronies lose $50 billion Drone Footage Shows Extent Of Greenpeace's Damage To Peru's Nazca Site Nasa's Mars Curiosity rover has detected methane on Mars  A gas that hints at past or present life on the planet Russia grapples with shocking fall of the ruble What happened yesterday is a catastrophe Cuba frees American Alan Gross after 5 years in prison, radical change of US policy towards Cuba expected CrisisStruck Russian Stocks Now Worth Less Than Microsoft The total value of all publicly traded shares on the Russian market is now less than the capitalization of U.S. software giant Microsoft Pakistan airstrikes kill at least 22 militants in retaliation to school shooting On national television today in Pakistan, Hafiz Saeed, one of the world's mostwanted men, blamed India for the massacre of children at a Pakistan school and vowed revenge I may be the last, says Dalai Lama Saudi Arabia's ruling Al Saud royal family are trying to adjust their relationship with the country's strict Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam as they increasingly view the teachings of some of its ultraconservative clergy as a domestic security threat. Putin Named Russia's 'Man Of The Year' For The 15th Time In A Row Turkey announces national mourning over Pakistan attack Sony hackers threaten terror at The Interview moviegoers UN More Reports Of Children Crucified, Beheaded & Stoned To Death By IS A fire at a West Bank mosque last month was most likely caused by an electrical fault and not the result of arson Italy says it'll oppose EU plans to scrap environment law  11 member states signed letter opposing withdrawal of draft EU law on air quality & waste. EU plans to focus on jobs & economic growth instead. Iran this week unveiled a monument to Jewish soldiers killed in the IranIraq War, which lasted from 1980 to 1988 and saw both countries suffer millions of casualties and billions of dollar in damage. Jewish community leaders and a number of Iranian religious officials took part in the ceremony. Activists to Drop 'Interview' DVDs Over North Korea Via Balloon Curiosity Rover Drills Into Mars Rock, Finds Water Vladimir Putin compares Russia to cornered bear, warning citizens to brace for recession that could last two years Qatar hires $8 fake fans to fill empty stadiums | Migrant workers in Qatar get one dollar an hour for sitting in the stadiums and pretending to have fun, to applaud and to do the wave Pope Francis played key role in U.S.Cuba deal Belarussian President Demands Russia Trade Be Carried Out in Dollars, Euros Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has demanded that Belarus's transactions with Russia be settled in dollars or euros because of the slump in the value of Russia's ruble Navajos reclaim sacred masks at Paris auction Nearly 97 percent of the airstrikes against ISIL in Syria during December have been carried out by the United States alone, according to U.S. military data. Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, the main accused in the Mumbai terrorist attack is granted bail by a Pakistani court only days after the Peshawar massacre. Russian officials try to quell rising panic concerning a possible bank run. This is a very dangerous situation, we are just a few days away from a fullblown run on the banks, Russia's leading business daily wrote in an editorial Wednesday. Swedish farright leader Jews must abandon religious identity to be Swedes U.S. will bid for 2024 Olympics The Pakistani military has killed 57 terrorists in airstrikes since Tuesday's school shooting The bodies of more than 230 people believed to have been killed by Islamic State (IS) have been found in a mass grave in eastern Syria, activists say. Oil from a wrecked tanker is creating a disaster in the waters of Bangladesh's Sundarbans, the largest contiguous tidal mangrove forest in the world and a haven for a spectacular array of species, including the rare Irrawaddy and Gangetic dolphins and the highly endangered Bengal tiger. Dutch government officials have acknowledged the country's secret service sometimes taps the communications of lawyers who represent terrorism suspects. Suspect in 2002 terrorist attack on Moscow theater, The Chechen Khasan Zakayev, has been detained while trying to cross from Ukraine to Crimea with a fake passport North Sea oil industry 'close to collapse' Venezuela President Maduro hails Obama's 'courageous' Cuba gesture Swiss interest rates turn negative  Swiss National Bank cuts interest rate to minus 0.25% FIFA Investigator Michael J. Garcia Quits in Dispute Over Report Political opponent calls for Putin's exit as Russia slides into crisis Ethiopian rabbis accuse Israeli rabbinate of racial discrimination Under Abbas, Majority of Palestinians Say They Can't Speak Freely Claims that boys were murdered by VIP sex ring are credible and true  British Police Kurds recapture large area from ISIS Sydney's chief Islamic funeral director yesterday declared no Muslim funeral home would accept the body of terrorist Man Haron Monis and authorities should just dump his corpse at sea or chuck him in the bloody shithouse. Apple is failing to protect workers in Chinese factories, according to an undercover BBC investigation. Exhausted workers were filmed falling asleep on their 12hour shifts at a Shanghai factory. One employee had to work 18 days in a row despite repeated requests for a day off. A suitcasesized Canadian satellite whose funding has been eliminated by the Canadian Space Agency has codiscovered a new planet in another solar system Ukraine forms 'ministry of truth' to regulate the media Archaeologists working on a site near Stonehenge say they have found an untouched 6,000yearold encampment which could rewrite British history. Seabirds 'steer clear' of offshore wind farms. British Trust for Ornithology finds 99% of birds avoid wind turbines, easing fears over the impact of blades General Motor, Audi and Jaguar halt car sales in Russia on ruble's collapse | 80% of British Public Want Greens Included in TV Debate UN Identifies Israel as Top Contributor Per Capita in Fight Against Ebola Isis supporters 'offering cash to British girls as young as 14 to become jihadi brides in Syria'. Boko Haram kidnaps 185 women and children, kills 32 people Leaked Internal CIA Document Admits US Drone Program Counterproductive ...clandestine drone and assassination program was likely to produce counterproductive outcomes, including strengthening the very extremist groups it was allegedly designed to destroy ISIL decapitates man in Iraq on charges of sorcery Former Catholic brother Bernard McGrath will be extradited to Australia to face 252 childsex abuse charges. Putin falsely calls out drunk journalist  who is really a 2x stroke survivor The UN General Assembly has called for North Korea to be referred to the International Criminal Court over alleged crimes against humanity, in a landmark resolution adopted by a strong majority. Ireland Repays $11 Billion to IMF Years Early Russian shopping frenzy has become so intense everybody from IKEA to Jaguar has run out of stock | Muscovites rushed to the shops this week after a plunge in the value of the ruble brought fears that imported goods would soon soar in price. Gaza rocket hits Israel for second time since summer war Sony hackers leaked more than 50 scripts from Sony movies Record number of states vote for UN resolution on death penalty moratorium 117 states voted for international freeze on executions, leaving the US increasingly isolated with 'no' vote Putin says Russia's military doctrine 'remains purely defensive' ProTaliban Cleric Now Wants Them Dead After Child Massacre Sony blames cinemas for banning movie, says it WILL now try to release its comedy film about North Korean leader Kim Jongun  after President Obama urged the firm not to bow to hackers' threats Obama I think Sony made a mistake by pulling 'The Interview' FBI formally blames North Korea for Sony hack BitTorrent Offers Distribute Sonys The Interview Via Its Bundle Service Apple 'deeply offendedy conclusion of BBC's undercover investigation in Chinese factories; declines to comment but sends mass email to about 5,000 UK staff. President Barack Obama has ordered a ban on the export of goods, technology and services to Crimea. US Considers Putting North Korea Back On Terror List North Korea denies responsibility for Sony cyberattack Egypt Disputes 'Million Mummy' Discovery  Ministry of Antiquities orders work to stop at site, slams US team for making a 'million mummies' announcement. Says claims are false. Scientists at the University of Aberdeen have set a new record for the world's deepest fish, filmed in the Mariana Trench  the deepest place on Earth. The new finding was just one of several new species discovered, as well as the first footage of the mysterious 'supergiant' amphipod filmed alive. A Japanese stem cell scientist at the heart of a scandal over false claims and fabricated research has resigned. Approximately 1,000 paratroopers from the Armys famed 82nd Airborne Division will deploy to Iraq early next year to help the Iraqi security forces take on the Islamic State, the Pentagon announced Friday Pakistan hangs first pair of convicted terrorists North Korea warns of 'Grave consequences' if US refuse joint Sony hacking probe Tests confirm Cambodia HIV mass infection India to help Mongolia in modernizing weapons and tactics Israel rejects UN demand to pay Lebanon $850 million for 2006 oil spill The United Nations General Assembly approves a resolution calling for Israel to compensate Lebanon for damages caused by an IAF strike during the Second Lebanon War. China has ordered a psychiatric clinic to pay compensation to a gay man who was given electric shocks in an attempt to make him heterosexual Offshore Fukushima hit by 5.8 quake German Council of Jews condemns immensely dangerous antiIslam movement in light of recent marches Castro could visit White House, says US Turkish Police disperse teachers protest to demand respect to secular education in Ankara, detain 100 Radical environmentalists who threw acid and smoke bombs at Japanese whalers were found in contempt of court Friday for continuing their relentless campaign to disrupt the annual whale hunt off the waters of Antarctica. Russia surpassed U.S. in production of new combat planes Russia to Seek 10Year Sentence for Putin Critic An unexplained drone has been spotted flying over a Belgium nuclear facility, a day after one of the plant's reactors came back on line after a fourmonth closure caused by sabotage. Around 20 unidentified drones have been spotted over nuclear plants since October throughout France. CIA experimented on humans in black sites  Report | As the United States struggles with the fallout of the recently disclosed CIA torture report, a new analysis reveals that human experimentation was a core feature of the spy agencys torture program. Barack Obama signs massive defence budget; $1 billion to Pakistan Cuba says U.S. must respect its communist system. Father claims Scotland Yard covered up son's murder by Westminster paedophiles A former local newspaper executive claims that he was issued with an official warning in the early 1980s against reporting on an allegedly powerful paedophile ring. Facebook blocks Russian page supporting Navalny, Putin's biggest critic Ivory Coast builds 2,000 km fibre optic network, builds 5000 cyber centres throughout the country through a programme called 'One Citizen, One Computer' French police shot dead a male terrorism suspect after he stabbed and seriously wounded two officers in a police station. Obama vows 'do everything I can' to close Guantanamo CNN interview Security forces in Sweden say two separate car bomb attacks have ripped through the Scandinavian countrys southern city of Malmo, with no immediate reports of human loss Voters in Tunisia are choosing their first freely elected president in a runoff election seen as a landmark in the country's move to democracy Michelangelo's renaissance masterpiece David is at risk of collapse and will be given an earthquake proof base. More than 250 minor tremors have rattled Florence over the past three days, sparking alarm in Italy over the national treasure. Saudi Arabia says won't cut oil output even if nonOPEC nations do Google Seizes on Sony Hacked Docs to Attack MPAA Ebola death toll close to 7,400, says World Health Organisation WHO figures show more than 19,000 people infected across west Africa, with Sierra Leone accounting for nearly half of total Israel police arrest several members of the rightwing Lehava group | Israeli police have arrested several members of the extremeright group Lehava. This was the second such swoop targeting the group within the past week. Pakistan moves its soldiers off Kashmir border, pushes them to Waziristan Theresa May is to scrap the panel for the independent inquiry into child sex abuse, it has been reported. The home secretary wrote to each member of the panel to tell them she is considering turning it into a statutory inquiry, or setting up a fresh statutory inquiry or a Royal Commission. UK must probe its role in CIA torture, says UN legal expert. Pakistan Army strikes back hard after school massacre by Taliban Retaliation after the killing of more than 130 children in Peshawar targeted the Khyber tribal region along the border with Afghanistan. The Army claims at least 77 Pakistani Taliban were killed Sony Hackers Appear to Mock FBI in Latest Message French Police Kill KnifeWielding Man Who Attacked Them In Police Station, Yelling Allahu Akbar! Thousands to Attend Unsanctioned Protest Outside Kremlin Against PutinCritics Verdict German Human Rights group files criminal complaint to European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights agains architects of CIA torture plan Pirate Bay Domain Back Online, Waving a Pirate Flag Argentine Court rules Orang Utans are nonhumanpersons with human rights and therefore need to be released from zoo Peru Is Now Giving Free Solar Power To Its 2 Million Poorest Citizens New York Times calls for Cheney, Bush officials to be investigated and prosecuted for torture Pope Francis issued a blistering critique Monday of the Vatican bureaucracy that serves him, denouncing how some people lust for power at all costs, live hypocritical double lives and suffer from spiritual Alzheimers that has made them forget theyre supposed to be joyful men of God. Polio has Almost Been Completely Eradicated in African Countries  We're getting close to a huge global health milestone. CIA's how to be a travelling spy guide published by WikiLeaks | WikiLeaks has released two CIA documents offering tips to help spies maintain their cover while using false documents as they cross international borders. NKorea threatens strikes on US, warned that its 1.2 millionmember army is ready to use all types of warfare North Korea Now Claims the US Government Made 'The Interview' UK officials named in pedophile dossier Greek MP says he was offered 2 to 3 million euros to vote for Greek president. I had two meetings that were recorded. They gave me 700,000 euros in cash as a first installment and following this an agreement for bank loans, as well as contracts with an ad agency Reports that Sony will debut The Interview on Crackle are false, Mashable has learned. Six people feared dead after bin lorry crashes into pedestrians in Glasgow city centre Children are cleaning up a devastating oil spill in Bangladeshwith their bare hands Australia's new Social Services Minister Scott Morrison. His first act in new role, scraps funding for homeless and housing groups. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott names carbon tax repeal as his top achievement as Minister for Women The European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR) has filed criminal complaints against the officials of former US President George W. Bushs administration for running a stateorganized program of brutal torture against foreign suspects Report India weighs dropping support for Palestinians at UN in wake of closer ties to Israel Brown bears, wolves and lynx numbers rising in Europe | Environment Pakistan plans to execute around 500 militants in coming weeks, officials said Monday, after the government lifted a moratorium on the death penalty in terror cases following a Taliban school massacre. South Korea nuclear plant operator says hacked, raising alarm Czech Republic sends 5000 antitank missiles to Peshmerga Forces China sends first 700 strong infantry battalion to South Sudan for UN peacekeeping http//news.xinhuanet.com/english/china/201412/22/c_133871006.htm  #Africa Wikileaks has released two classified documents instructing CIA operatives how best to circumvent global security systems in international airports, including those of the EU, while on undercover missions. First Western journalist granted access to 'Islamic State' returns to Germany, says IS is much stronger and much more dangerous than the West realizes. North Korea's internet is offline; massive DDOS attack presumed SAUDI OIL MINISTER I Don't Care If Prices Crash To $20  We're Not Budging ISIL sex slavery has pushed women and girls from Iraq's Yazidi minority to suicide Ukraine votes to drop neutral NATO status The United States on Monday slammed North Korea as a living nightmare for its citizens at the firstever UN Security Council meeting on Pyongyang's dismal rights record. The unprecedented talks at the 15member council opened after China, Pyongyang's ally, failed to block the meeting. Oil spill sullies World Heritage Site home of the famous swimming Bengal tigers, some of the last of their kind in the world  The Sundarbans, part of world's largest mangrove forest, stretching across India & Bangladesh, have been tarnished by the 350,000liter oil spill. Russian diplomat Ukraine's renunciation of its 'nonaligned' Nato status it's an unfriendly step towards us $300,000 in gold missing from Ukraine Central Bank after swapped for lead bricks Tunisia election antiIslamist party claims victory US Corporations claim billion in Assets in Cuba. And now they want it back. Google has now forgotten more than a quartermillion URLs agreeing to about 40 percent of the requested URL removals that it has received after EU's Court of Justice issued ruling that allowed EU citizens to have search results unlinked from their names online. Algeria kills leader of jihadists behind Frenchman's beheading TV North Korea's Internet links restored amid U.S. hacking dispute UN expert calls for prosecution of CIA, US officials for crimes committed during interrogations Rock found in Russian mine containing 30,000 tiny diamonds. Bedbug bait and trap invented by Simon Fraser University scientists The police raids on Kim Dotcom's mansion were legal, the New Zealand Supreme Court has ruled Kurdish group fighting Islamic State tells America Stop calling us terrorists NASA Takes Giant Leaps on the Journey to Mars, Eyes Our Home Planet and the Distant Universe, Tests Technologies and Improves the Skies Above in 2014 Iraq TV show makes 'terrorists' confront victims Coca Cola to open Gaza factory UN Satellite images show 290 heritage sites in Syria, whose history stretches back to the dawn of civilization, have been damaged by war A German author spends time with IS jihadists and sees how confident they are to carry out their brutal plan. It is terrifying that a group could be so enthusiastic about killing hundreds of millions of people. Alibaba spent $161 million fighting fakes since 2013 Top 500 companies' carbon emissions rise despite calls for cuts | Report on worlds biggest 500 firms by capitalisation shows emissions are not in line with UN calls to avoid dangerous climate change Death toll among Qatars 2022 World Cup workers revealed | Nepalese migrants building the infrastructure to host the 2022 World Cup have died at a rate of one every two days in 2014  despite Qatars promises to improve their working conditions Fishing Supertrawlers to be banned permanently from Australian waters Indian telecommunications company Airtel violates Net Neutrality, starts charging for VoIP calls(Skype, etc.) over 2G and 3G in India North Korea's Internet is down again; second black out since last night's restoration of service Jakarta to ban virginity tests for female civil servants. Workers at Chinese iPhone factories are pressured into working 65hour weeks, made to sleep on plywood beds in bleak dormitories. The work is so exhausting that some of the estimated 15,000 workers choose to sleep through their lunch breaks instead of eating. Thousands in Spain protest ban on demonstrations, burning national flag London activists occupy 5storey former bank in London to provide shelter, clothing and food to Christmas homeless Russian Inflation Passes 10%, Indicates Pricing is Growing Faster than Expected due to Depreciating Ruble Australia records biggest emissions drop in a decade as carbon tax kicks in. Greens and conservation group say significant drop in annual emissions shows the carbon price, which was scrapped by the Abbott government, was effective Elephant ivory smuggling 'kingpin' arrested in Tanzania Ireland US courts need our permission to view emails stored on Dublin server Record numbers attend German antiIslamization rally Erdogan slams birth control use as treason Gunman fires on Paris synagogue Scientists discover oldest stone tool ever found in Turkey ISIS claims capture of Jordanian pilot after plane shot down over Syria Russian prime minister warns of 'deep recession' in 2015 Russia says France must fulfil Mistral contract or return money  agency Secret flight linking Israel to the UAE reveals 'open secret' of collaboration  A private jet is covertly flying between Tel Aviv and Abu Dhabi, which are said to be engaging in highlevel trade in the security sector Ukraine temporarily cuts off power supplies to Crimea Coalition plane 'crashes in Syria' Across the world 'Silent Night' to honor WWI Xmas Truce Elderly Nigerians Rounded Up And Shot Dead Russia May Be Cut to Junk rating as S&P Says Its Considering Downgrade A Nepalese World Cup Worker Dies Every Other Day in Qatar UK Police have arrested a 19yearold man over an offensive tweet U.S. Senate and CIA agree torture program was mismanaged Vodka Prices Putin calls for cap amid economic crisis  Says high prices encourage consumption of illegal & possibly unsafe alcohol. Uruguay Has Registered 1,200 Marijuana Growers Turkish court arrests 16yearold student for insulting President Erdoan ISIS launches new chlorine gas attack in Iraqs Anbar  report Two Saudi women detained for nearly a month in defiance of a ban on females driving were referred on Thursday to a court established to try terrorism cases A 13yearold says her father gave her to Boko Haram extremists and that she was arrested after refusing to explode a suicide bomb at a market in Kano, Nigerias second largest city in the north. Former Pirate Bay operator Fredrik Neij is currently jailed in Sweden after being captured in Thailand last month. However, according to leaked emails, the MPAA believes that the Swede could also face hacking related charges  and it doesn't stop there. Revealed Police using precharge bail to muzzle protesters Brazil's 'Chainsaw Queen' Appointed New Agriculture Minister  Ktia Abreu is a leading figure in ruralista lobby. She's called for more roads through the Amazon, govt control over demarcation of indigenous reserves, & the approval of genetically modified terminator seeds. BBC News  Jordan jet 'not shot down by IS' South Korean prosecutors are seeking to arrest the former executive at Korean Air Lines Co. who forced a flight to return over a bag of macadamia nuts and a current executive for attempts to cover up the nut rage case. Japanese 'vagina artist' charged for violating censorship laws Footage reveals Hamas rebuilding military positions USled air strikes in Syria 'kill over 1,100 militants' Indian separatist group kills more than 70 people in the northeastern state of Assam. Likud comptroller disqualifies Netanyahu from leadership race over use of party funds Chinese university bans Christmas | University in Xian forces students to watch propaganda films and to pay more attention to Chinese holidays instead ProKyiv battalions are increasingly blocking humanitarian aid into eastern Ukraine Amnesty International A Turkish play to be staged in Istanbul has had the role of a prostitute removed, reigniting the debate on state intervention in art, according to local media reports. German and British troops commemorate 1914 Christmas Truce football match Pakistan to Set up Military Courts for Terrorism Saudi women drivers sent to 'terrorism' court activists Saudis are eagerly awaiting the approval of a new draft law by the Shoura Council which prevents women under 18 from getting married. The draft law pending approval sets the age of adulthood at 18 and allows women under that age to marry only upon procuring a court order. Due to the fall in oil prices, Saudi Arabia is now running a $39 billion deficit. Bill giving government the power to shutdown the internet for 24 hours to be voted in Turkish parliament. A struggle for women's rights is brewing within Israel's deeply conservative ultraOrthodox community, where women, largely shut out of politics, are beginning to demand greater representation in the country's parliament. Putin cancels New Year's Holiday for government workers because of the ongoing financial crisis Ireland is siding with Microsoft in its legal battle with the US over personal data stored on a company server in Dublin. Ireland says American justice should respect international law and national sovereignty. More than 80 people including women and children killed in a terrorist attack in India The Syrian Army has killed nearly 5,000 Islamic State (IS) fighters in the last three months ISIS governor of Mosul killed in airstrikes Court clears way for clinically dead pregnant Irish woman to be taken off life support. A court in Mauritania has sentenced a man to death for apostasy for criticizing the Muslim Prophet Muhammed A group of four women, along with their 13 children and grandchildren, are at risk of being murdered in Papua New Guinea after being accused of witchcraft, a missionary says. China has stepped up efforts to reduce the number of coal mines, as it plans to shut down more than 2,000 mines next year and limit the number to within 10,000 by 2016. Archaeologists Have Dig Licenses Revoked After Million Mummies Claim German fossil fuel consumption and emissions at a record low Senior UN officials expelled from Sudan following UN attempts to investigate a report that government troops committed mass rape of women and girls in a Darfur village Mauritania journalist sentenced to death for apostasy Kim Dotcom Makes Deal with LizardSquad to stop attacks towards Xbox Live and PSN Ukraine peace talks called off Tibetan protests reported in China's Sichuan New Study Adds to Skepticism Among Security Experts That North Korea Was Behind Sony Hack US relocates 3,000 MRAPs, other military gear to Kuwait ahead of expected antiIS offensive Russia's new military doctrine names NATO as a key risk. Protesters in Mexico claim that German arms manufacturers exported rifles to a corrupt local police department implicated in the disappearance of 43 students A leading Russian elected official on Thursday referred to as for an investigation of the United States' atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in the course of World War II as a crime against humanity. Boy, 14, escapes ISIS by volunteering to suicide bomb Britain has surpassed France as the world's 5th largest economy since it included the amount Britains spend on prostitutes and illegal drugs. N. Korea calls Obama 'monkey,lames U.S. for shutdown The DNA of every animal in world history will be collected in a massive scientific project, Russian researchers announced Thursday [25 December 2014]. Dubbed 'Noah's Ark,' the project will be a 'databank on all living species,' according to Moscow State University president, Dr Viktor Sadovnichy. Sweden to scrap new election confirmed Google Reveals Content Governments Asked Be Removed in Latest Transparency Report Overall, Google received 3,105 requests from world governments between July 2013 and December 2013 to wipe 14,367 pieces of content. Erdoan Nowhere in the world is media as free as in Turkey 53% rape cases filed in Delhi proven to be false Delhi commission for women Visa, MasterCard stop supporting bank cards in Crimea NATO force mistakenly kills three Afghan nomads Hamas we will liberate Palestine & Jerusalem Kidnapped Mexican priest found shot dead in Guerrero state A priest who was kidnapped in Mexico's southwestern state of Guerrero on Monday has been found shot dead, officials say. Erdogan tells Europe to stop criticising Turkey Russia says to supply coal, electricity to Ukraine Pakistans last selfdeclared Jew campaigns to save cemetery Egypt bans 'Zionist' film Exodus and cites 'historical inaccuracies' USwanted Shabab leader with a $3m bounty on his head surrenders North Korean Internet, 3G mobile network 'paralyzed' Xinhua Worst Flooding In Decades Forces Evacuation Of More Than 100,000 Malaysians Fleeing their countrys civil war, Ukrainian Jews head for Israel Israel orders outpost in West Bank to be demolished Femen activist who stole St Peters Square Jesus could face Vatican trial Israel Court Says a Settlers Outpost Must Be Razed Paris Three Jewish establishments come under attack in three days Hoping to create a new society, the Islamic State recruits entire families Air Asia flight loses contact with air traffic control U.S. Formally Ends War In Afghanistan Nato reply to Putin It's Russia's actions, including currently in Ukraine, which are undermining European security, we would continue to seek a constructive relationship with Russia, but that is only possible with a Russia that abides by the right of nations to choose their future freely St Petersburg residents hoard metro tokens, which are set to rise to 31 rubles this week, authorities have limited purchases to two per person. I get the feeling people are investing in metro tokens, said one passenger ISIS loses ground to Kurds in Syrias Kobane North Korea Not Responsible for Sony Pictures Hacking US Cyber Experts Passenger ferry catches fire off Greece Germany to Loan Morocco $796 Million for Two Solar Thermal Projects  The complex will supply electricity to 1.3 million people once its completed Pakistan rejects UN, EU call of halting execution of terrorists Swiss banking giant Credit Suisse can be prosecuted for its role in the US housing finance meltdown, according to a court decision which dismissed the company's bid to halt a suit. Indonesian portal reports of plane crash in Belitung Timur  The Malaysian Insider A prominent environmental activist in Trinidad who claims to have passed the 100day mark of a hunger strike said he will reject medical intervention and keep protesting a highway project he says could hurt wetlands and remote villages. Japan's newest island still increasing in size 'Barbaric' Ethnic Massacre in Assam Province Shocks Indians Ukraine shuts down faulty nuclear power plant reactor Strict Sharia law forces gays into hiding in Indonesia's Aceh Egypt's prosecutor has referred a female writer to trial for allegedly insulting Islam by criticising the slaughter of animals during a major religious festival. Happy massacre, Fatima Naoot wrote on her Facebook page in October during Eid alAdha, the Muslim feast of sacrifice. Cuba's most prominent dissidents say they have been kept in the dark by U.S. officials over a list of 53 political prisoners who will be released from jail as part of a deal to end decades of hostility between the United States and Cuba 15,000 Cars Stranded In French Alps Snow An Egyptian appeals court reduced jail sentences given to eight men over a gay wedding video that went viral on the Internet to one year each, from three years. The Turkish man who shot and injured former Pope John Paul II in 1981 has laid flowers on the late pontiff's tomb in the Vatican. Women form 94% of pickpockets held in Delhi Metro this year Lebanon hit hard by Syrian war, growing ISIL support Greece on brink of new catastrophe as PM battles to avert snap elections Antonis Samaras in desperate bid to prevent poll that could bring antiausterity party Syriza into power Japans Savings Rate Turns Negative in Challenge for Abe Solar Power Storage Prices Drop 25% In Germany In &lt;1 Year North Korea Hit Again By Internet Outage; Experts Now Doubt Its Hand In Sony Cyber Attack ARCHAEOLOGY  Massive ancient underground city discovered in Turkey's Nevehir Reopen investigation into Westminster pedophile whistleblower deaths  MP Taliban declare 'defeat' of U.S., allies in Afghanistan. British Falklands defence review after military deal between Russia and Argentina. Moscow will swap 12 Su24 supersonic, allweather attack aircraft for Argentinian beef and wheat Virgin Confirms Fault On Plane Circling Over UK Photo of 'women murdered for refusing sex jihad is fake The German chancellor's office has fallen victim to a hacking attack, according to a German newspaper. The Regin malware in question has been linked to British and US spy agencies. Thirtyseven children whose parents were killed in the recent IsraelGaza conflict have been prevented by Hamas from visiting Israel on a trip organised by peace activists. One Dead And 15,000 Stranded In French Alps IED blows up in Bangalore, high alert in India Rise of Spanish populists overturns twoparty system Iran could become a very successful regional power if Tehran agrees to a longterm deal to curb its nuclear program, President Barack Obama said in an interview with NPR News. Greek MPs have rejected the presidential candidate nominated by Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, triggering a snap general election. Islamic State executed nearly 2,000 people in six months The leader of one of Mexico's first anticrime vigilante groups was arrested along with 26 supporters over a shootout that killed his son and 10 others Gmail has been blocked in China Egyptian writer to face trial for 'insulting Islam' Reports reveal scale of destruction of Syrias world historic heritage Russia will supply coal and electricity to Kiev without advance payment ISIS executes more doctors in Mosul Russia shows first sign of recession as GDP contracts he Russian economy contracted by 0.5% in November, AirAsia plane likely 'at bottom of the sea,' says search chief AirAsia Flight's Altitude Request Was Refused China businessman jailed for 13 years for buying and eating three tigers AirAsia live Emergency slide, plane door seen in search for missing QZ8501 AirAsia plane wreckage found, bodies being recovered Scotland confirms case of Ebola  Ebola cases hit 20,000, death toll nears 8,000 WHO Pope Francis to Catholics It's time to take action on global warming Oil hits fiveandahalfyear low below $57 on supply glut Lizard Squad members who ruined Christmas for Xbox and PlayStation gamers exposed after giving interview to BBC Two students in Thailand face up to 15 years in jail for insulting the royal family after performing in a play that featured a fictional king and his advisor New Research Blames Insiders Not North Korea for Sony Hack Russian ruble drops 7 percent as economy shrinks Egyptian court permanently bans Jewish festival on moral grounds Turkish anchorwoman detained for tweet about corruption French Government Quietly Enacts Controversial Surveillance Law On Christmas Eve Bosnian Police Raid Top News Website Police raided the countrys most popular news website Klix after it published a recording on which it alleged that the Bosnian Serb prime minister spoke about uying' electoral support. Possible Case of Ebola in Glasgow, Scotland Turkey is being used as one of the primary routes for weapons smuggling to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and alNusra, according to a United Nations report. Swedish mosque set ablaze in second suspected arson attack in a week Cybersecurity Firm Identifies Six In Sony Hack  One A Former Company Insider The U.N. General Assembly voted unanimously Monday to ask SecretaryGeneral Ban Kimoon to appoint an independent panel of experts to examine new information about the mysterious plane crash that killed U.N. SecretaryGeneral Dag Hammarskjold on a peace mission to newly independent Congo in 1961 The regime must be destroyed Alexei Navalny, Russia's most prominent opposition leader, calls for mass protests in Moscow after convicted on fraud charges that are considered politically motivated Aleksei Navalny, Russian opposition leader, is convicted of criminal fraud charges and handed down a threeandhalf year suspended sentence Search area for Air Asia QZ8501 expanded, still no trace of aircraft found. Ebola case confirmed in Glasgow | World news AirAsia plane carrying 153 people overshoots runway in the Philippines One of China's most industrialized cities has put a cap on sales of new cars with residents only permitted to acquire a new vehicle either by lottery or auction due to pollution AirAsia flight found at the bottom of the Java Sea North Korean defector details 'human experiments'  use of mentally and physically handicapped children in chemical weapons tests 'the last straw' Korean Air exexecutive Cho Hyunah arrested  earlier she ordered a plane to turn back on the runway in New York after nuts were served in a bag, not on a plate South Korean to drop Sony film The Interview in North Korea by balloon U.S. opening of oil export widens battle The Obama administration has opened a new front in the global battle for oil market share, effectively clearing the way for the shipment of as much as a million barrels per day of ultralight U.S. crude to the rest of the world FBI agents investigating the Sony Pictures hack were briefed Monday by a security firm that says its research points to laidoff Sony staff, not North Korea, as the prepatrator Indian Government Orders Blocking of 32 Websites Including GitHub, Archive.org, SourceForge Russia annual inflation jumps to 11.4% as rouble falls WikiLeaks claims employees Google mail, metadata seized by US government [Updated] Militant mistakenly broadcasts his location Armed bandits rob 300 tourists on Venezuela beach Venezuela confirms recession, inflation hits 63.6 percent in Nov Palestinian UN resolution fails More nonMexicans than Mexicans apprehended at U.S. border in 2014, new study finds Belarus eager to normalize relations with West Newly published NSA documents show agency could grab all Skype traffic Britain says it cannot support new Palestinian UN draft resolution Bolivias Morales US 'Backs Drug Trafficking' Euro zone politicians are not obliged to rescue Greece as the country is no longer of systemic importance to the single currency bloc, a senior member of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's party was quoted as saying. Greece Dissolves Parliament to Prepare for Early Elections German Chancellor Angela Merkel in a New Year's address deplored the rise of a right wing populist movement, saying its leaders have prejudice, coldness, even hatred in their hearts. Al Shabaab leader killed in U.S. air strike in Mogadishu New solar power material converts 90 percent of captured light into heat China launches website laying claim to Senkaku Islands At Least 33 Killed in Yemen Suicide Bombing Putin sends New Years Greetings to Obama, saying the two countries share mutual responsibility to ensure world peace. Putin said the coming year will mark 70 years since the end of World War II when countries united against Adolf Hitler. North Korean leader Kim Jongun has offered to hold talks at the highest level with South Korea Space Station Crew to Raise Toasts for New Years Eve 16 Times U.S spy released from Cuba to American authorities hasn't been heard from since the deal was announced despite the fact that he called his parents daily before his release Russia slashing vodka prices as economy reels Shanghai new year crush 'kills 35' Gunman opens fire on Turkish president Erdogan's office Fukushima contamination arrives off Canadian coast Saudi Arabia's national airline plans to keep men and women apart after passengers objected to onboard gender mixing. Flight staff at Saudi Arabia's airports would be instructed to keep men and women segregated on board Saudia planes, unless they are close relatives. Palestinians Move to Join International Criminal Court, Defying Israeli and U.S. Warnings Assad eats hummus with troops No one is celebrating the new year, we are in war  Middle East British police have reportedly arrested a Lizard Squad member India blocks websites for hosting ISIS content Kurdish forces seize 70% of Kobane Polish farmers threaten uprising over opencast coalmine | Heinz unites with farmers in rebellion against plan to build a vast lignite mine and power plant on farming land in western Poland Bolivian President Morales accuses U.S. of economic terrorism Thirtyfive people have been killed in a stampede during New Year's celebrations in downtown Shanghai Iraqi media says ISIS militants have contracted Ebola Creeping construction Israel to build 600 new settlements in the West bank HarperCollins omits Israel from atlases sold to Englishspeaking Mideast schools IDF probes into Gaza war conduct threaten to tear military apart from within  A bombshell has fallen within the ranks, turning military commanders and lawyers against each other on a possibly unprecedented level. After border firing kills jawan, India retaliates by killing 4 Pakistani troops Turkey grants 1 million Syrian refugees secure legal status, with access to basic services like health care and education. Worlds top publisher regrets erasing Israel from atlas meant for Middle East customers Kim Jong Un wants highlevel summit with South Korea Most cases of cancer are the result of sheer bad luck rather than unhealthy lifestyles, diet or even inherited genes, new research suggests. Random mutations that occur in DNA when cells divide are responsible for two thirds of adult cancers across a wide range of tissues. Iran dismissed United States efforts to fight Islamic State as a ploy to advance U.S. policies in the region The reality is that the United States is not acting to eliminate Daesh. They are not even interested in weakening Daesh, they are only interested in managing it Poll One in 8 Germans would join antiMuslim marches UK royal family's Prince Andrew named in US lawsuit over underage sex allegations Some 40 asylumseekers refused to leave the bus when they arrived at their destination in rural northern Sweden, demanding that they be taken back to Malm or some big city. Pakistani boat blows self up after India navy chase. All four people on board the vessel from near the Pakistani port city of Karachi are believed to have been killed in the dramatic episode in the Arabian Sea on New Year's Eve, according to India's defence ministry. Sweden hit by third mosque arson attack in a week 940 cars set alight during French New Year Salaries for top CEOs rose twice as fast as average Canadian since recession study Norway violated equalpay law, judge says Judge finds consulate employee was unjustly paid $30,000 less than her male counterpart Imam wants radical recruiters of Muslim youth in Canada identified and dealt with Saudi Arabia beheaded 83 people in 2014, the most in years 'A living hell' for slaves on remote South Korean islands  Slavery thrives on this chain of rural islands off South Korea's rugged southwest coast, nurtured by a long history of exploitation and the demands of trying to squeeze a living from the sea. Worlds 400 richest get richer, adding $92bn in 2014 Rental Car Stereos Infringe Copyright, Music Rights Group Says Ukrainian minister threatens TV channel with closure for airing Russian entertainers Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has entered into his most serious confrontation yet with Israel by signing onto the International Criminal Court. His decision on Wednesday gives the court jurisdiction over crimes committed in Palestinian lands. Israeli security center publishes names of 50 killed terrorists 'concealed by Hamas' The year 2014 was the deadliest year yet in Syria's fouryear conflict, with over 76,000 killed A Secret underground complex built by the Nazis that may have been used for the development of WMDs, including a nuclear bomb, has been uncovered in Austria. Restrictions on Web Freedom a Major Global Issue in 2015 Austrian journalist Erich Mchel delivered a presentation in Hamburg at the annual meeting of the Chaos Computer Club on Monday December 29, detailing the various locations where the US NSA has been actively collecting and processing electronic intelligence in Vienna. Thousands of Ukraine nationalists march in Kiev Chinas New Years Resolution No More Harvesting Executed Prisoners Organs Authorities Pull Plug on Russia's Last Politically Independent TV Station