 Update U.S. Customs Won't Apologize for Destroying Musician's Rare Flutes UK Porn Filter blocks legitimate filesharing services, download portals for Linux distributions Kim Jong Un's uncle, Jang Song Thaek's brutal execution stripped naked and eaten alive by 120 hungry hounds. Indian gangrape victim, 16, died Tuesday, a week after she said two suspects of the 6 men who repeatedly raped her in October had set her on fire. Autopsy reveals she was pregnant  child's DNA will be matched against suspects'. NSA seeks to build quantum computer that could crack most types of encryption Canadian government is dismantling key libraries and is destroying priceless collections as well as 100 years of scientific research in the process. Bill Gates world's richest person again. Microsoft founder regains top position from Mexican telecoms magnate Carlos Slim, with estimated fortune of $78.5bn. China Says Over 3 Million Hectares of Land, the size of Belgium, Too Polluted to Farm Drugs firms routinely withhold results of medical trials from doctors, researchers and patients. Damning report by MPs warns that doctors and patients are being undermined on treatment options. Malaysian court rules that Allah is exclusive to Islam, seizes Bibles. 2013 confirmed as Australia's hottest year on record. US will evacuate South Sudan embassy staff. Indian army will deploy 40,000 strong mountain strike corps division by 2016 along disputed areas bordering/claimed by China. Israel successfully tests Arrow space missile interceptor Fukushima ghost towns struggle to recover amid high radiation levels  Posttsunami reconstruction & radiation cleanup could take 10 years, but officials say something has been permanently lost Chinese meth village in massive raid, 3 tons of meth seized BBC News  Pakistan government restores ancient Hindu temple Hubble Space Telescope spots clouds on alien worlds. Astronomers have spotted clouds in the atmospheres of two planets outside our solar system, with a pair of research papers suggesting that these sorts of cloudy alien worlds might be far more common than previously thought. Antarctic rescue Chinese vessel 'may now be stuck in ice' Chinas San Francisco consulate was set on fire last night by unknown attackers. U.N. Children beheaded as violence grows in Central African Republic Russian Muslim Convert Behind Deadly Bus Bombing Why Should We Follow Those Christian Commandments, When Allah, May He Be Glorified, Urges Us To Fight Those Infidels? Margaret Thatcher was secretly preparing to use troops and declare a state of emergency at the height of the miners' strike  out of fear Britain was going to run out of food and grind to a halt, government papers released today reveal. World War II Bomb detonated in germany, 1 dead. Mexico subway dig turns up unusual Aztec offering Wild Tigers the Time to Act is Now  Just 3,000 remain in the wild. 100 were poached in India in 2013. A century ago, over 100,000 roamed 30 nations; today, they hang on in 12, disappearing from 93% of their range. Five Doctors Without Borders workers abducted in Syria The practice of, corrective rape is being used in South Africa to, cure lesbianism. Tunisian lawmakers rejected Islam on Saturday as the main source of law for the country that spawned the Arab Spring Peru to consider marijuana legalization German Dads Demand Family Time  Family friendly policies in German business have been targeted at women in the past, but the tables are turning. Men are demanding more flexible working conditions in order to balance work and family burdens, forcing big changes in corporate culture. For 2nd time ever, we saw an asteroid before it hit us, both spotted by same guy. WWII Ace Who Flew Through the Eiffel Tower Dies at 92 According to documents provided byformer NSA contractor Edward Snowden, the US National Security Agency (NSA) is racing to build a computer that could break nearly every kind of encryption used to protect banking, medical, business and government records around the world. Government Spy Cams in China Can't See Through the Smog Former NSA head, Michael Hayden, calls clemency for Snowden 'outrageous,' says it sends 'wrong message' to potential whistleblowers Iraq slides toward civil war Israeli sniper kills Gaza teen U.S. waived laws to keep F35 on track with Chinamade parts. Homeless transgendered woman murdered in Rome honored by Jesuits Al Qaeda force captures Fallujah amid rise in violence in Iraq Cubans can now buy new and used cars freely, first time since 1959 Time ticking for the most isolated people on earth, the Jarawa. The huntergatherer tribe has lived in the dense forests of Andaman Islands completely cut off from the outside world for thousands of years. But things are changing fast as modern influences creep in Several European manufacturers spawn NSAproof Android cryptophones Worker aghast at shoddy work on Fukushima radioactive water storage tanks Cubans aghast at car prices as new law kicks in. Putin lifts ban on protests at Sochi Games Syrian opposition turn on alQaidaaffiliated Isis jihadists near Aleppo | World news Germany eyes parliamentary inquiry into NSA activities DNA tests confirmed that a man in government custody is the alleged leader of an alQaidalinked group that has conducted attacks across the Middle East  including a 2010 bombing of a Japanese oil tanker in the Persian Gulf  before shifting its focus to Syrias civil war. US icebreaker heads to Antarctica to help stuck Chinese and Russian ships. Rich Catholics Threaten Pope Francis  Because He Frightens Them How I would love a church that is poor and for the poor, Pope Francis said not long after his election to the papacy Pope Francis has called for a rethink in the way the Catholic Church deals with the children of gay couples and divorced parents, warning against administering a vaccine against faith. Canadian libricide Tories torch and dump centuries of priceless, irreplaceable environmental archives Polish woman raped in India while travelling with daughter police In Australia, men die earlier but women's health gets four times more funding Privacy campaigner and Cambridge Universitys Head of Cryptography Professor Ross J Anderson has suggested one way to begin stamping out the UKs involvement in the NSA spying scandal end the domestic secret services entirely | Were I a legislator, Anderson says, I would simply abolish MI5. Lebanon Loses 78000 Books To Terrorism Country's Second Largest Library Burned Because Owner Allegedly Offended Islam Robert Mugabe has collapsed Tony Abbott urged to rethink climate policy after hottest year on record  PM called reckless ideologue who ignores science & is intent on listening to people who are part of the tinfoil hat brigade French mother to sue couple who filmed drunk son before he drowned African forest elephants are being massacred into extinction 52 Russians Shortlisted For OneWay Mission to Mars Snowden NSA's Indiscriminate Spying 'Collapsing' US Sailors Sue Japanese Nuclear Plant Owner TEPCO  71 from aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan are filing suit against Japanese utility Tokyo Electric Power Company after they were allegedly exposed to radiation from Fukushima Daiichi when they arrived with aid. Tunisia MPs reject Islam as main source of law European Commission To Ban Heirloom Seeds and Criminalize Plants & Seeds Not Registered With Government Dog virus killing tigers, red pandas and lions in India Endangered tigers, red pandas and lions are succumbing to infection caused by canine distemper virus (CDV), a disease common in domestic dogs, Indian scientists say Fire torches 60% of North Stradbroke Island, Australia. No lives lost due to mass evacuation of residents. Isro successfully launches indigenous cryogenic enginepowered GSLVD5 Syrian rebels launch fierce offensive against al Qaeda fighters 130 radioactive Japanese cars banned from entering Russia Thousands of visitors to yahoo.com hit with malware attack, researchers say Iraq conflict Sunni fighters 'control all of Fallujah' David Cameron has authorised an unprecedented swapping of secrets with the Russians as they try to track down Islamic extremist bombers | It follows last week's attacks in Volgograd | British agents working in Russia are now sharing confidential assessments on extremists. Sea Shepherd locates Japanese whale poachers inside New Zealand's sovereign waters with 3 protected Minke whales dead on their deck. An eightyearold Afghan girl wearing a suicide vest has been detained by police in southern Afghanistan Wind power was Spain's top source of electricity in 2013 Remarkable new figures from Spain's grid operator have revealed that greenhouse gas emissions from the country's power sector are likely to have fallen 23.1% last year, as power generation from wind farms and hydroelectric plants soared. Aliens would give us much more tech if we'd stop wars  exdefense minister IT firms set to lose Billions after NSA scandal exposed by Edward Snowden Japanese whaling fleet filmed with dead minke whales in Southern Ocean  Video shot by Sea Shepherd aircraft shows 3 minke whales loaded onto the deck. A 4th whale was being cut apart at the time of the filming, with crew members seen mopping up large pools of blood on the deck. Eightyearold girl divorces her husband, 14, in India David Cameron plays down cutting top rate of tax below 45% China destroys tonnes of illegal ivory Jet in 'near miss' with UFO Pime Minister David Cameron's RightToBuy Poster Girl Revealed To Be Estate Agent  Who Sold The Flat To Herself German Chancellor Angela Merkel injured while crosscountry skiing Iran offers to help Iraq in fight against alQaida Unconventional oil and gas will fry climate ExxonMobil report | ExxonMobil benefits from selling fossil fuels but appears to take no responsibility for any of the climate damage their products cause. First female law firm opened in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. The story that Kim Jongun fed his uncle to dogs is likely fake There may be mercy for Edward Snowden, but not yet  or in the near future. In the meantime, maybe we ought to look the other way so he can find somewhere to live. Time works miracles; and it might do so also for Edward Snowden. Heavily indebted Chinese railway company reportedly loses president to suicide  He leapt to his death from his family home, the latest in a series of deaths & corruption investigations that have plagued the countrys debtplagued railway industry. Rents In China Are Getting So High That Some People Are Moving Underground Abortion Legislation comes into effect in Ireland UK Nigel Farage (the UKIP leader) has backed the basic principle of Enoch Powell's warning that mass immigration can make people feel like strangers in their own country from the Tory (Conservative) politician's 1968 rivers of blood speech. Iraq government faces allout war with alQaida in Falluja Australian health warning as heatwave kills thousands of bats littering the southeast with corpses Moscow Bombings Suspect Killed in Dagestan A Volcano Has Erupted In Indonesia, And The Pictures Are Terrifying Swedish justice minister falls for Daily Currant spoof story on marijuana deaths, calling incident stupid and sad. Mexican vigilante gunmen disarm local POLICE so they can rid town of feared Knights Templar drug cartel Zambian opposition leader charged with calling president a potato Bossnapping returns in France as unionists lock up and humiliate Goodyear executives Glenn Greenwald There are more Snowden documents on Israel Saudi Arabia Survey shows men blame women for rising cases of molestation Around 350 Turkish police officers were removed from their posts in Ankara overnight in the biggest single reported police shakeup since a corruption probe rocked the government last month Legendary film producer and the man behind iconic films like Bladerunner and the Hong Kong Kung Fu film genre, Sir Run Run Shaw dies aged 106 Syrian rebels free 50 prisoners, including Turkish journalist, held captive by rivals affiliated with AlQaeda Tunisia enshrines gender equality in constitution Senegal seizes Russian vessel for 'illegal fishing' Israel Up to five year sentence for uploading sexual content without consent or knowledge of those in it Hundreds of Romanian Roma evicted from camp in France The Turkish government dismisses 350 police officers in the capital Ankara in an anticorruption operation, reports say. Vatican denies pope is open to recognition of gay civil unions Canada planning to sell guns and military equipment to developing countries to maintain domestic arms industry H1N1 flu in Alberta causes 10 deaths Israels new law to send revenge porn uploaders to jail for five years Thousands of bats killed by hot weather in Queensland Erdogan family drawn into corruption probe | In the wake of a sweeping corruption probe, the Turkish opposition has requested a parliamentary inquiry into the relationship between Prime Minister Erdogan's son Bilal and a Saudi Arabian businessman. The Plight of the Roma Europe's Unwanted People  Over 10 million Roma live in Europe. Tens of thousands of them are fleeing westwards from poverty & discrimination. But EU member states aren't helping them. More Israel disclosures in Snowdens trove of 'significant stories'  Greenwald Hong Kong entertainment tycoon Run Run Shaw dies at 107 Family missing after freak wave sweeps them away during a grieving ceremony for dead father Snowden has more U.S.Israel secrets to expose Greenwald 'Golden age' of antibiotics 'set to end' We cannot say we weren't warned. The growing threat of antibiotic resistant organisms is once again in the spotlight. Prof Jeremy Farrar, the new head of Britain's biggest medical research charity The Wellcome Trust said it was a 'truly global issue'. A huge library of books collected by a 72yearold Greek Orthodox priest but used by the whole community was torched in Lebanon after he was accused of insulting Islam Purge of Canadas Fisheries Libraries Historic Loss Scientists Say  I see this situation as a national tragedy done under the pretext of cost savings. A modern democratic society should value its information resources, not reduce, or worse, trash them. By pouring cash into science and technology faster than its economy has expanded, China has for the first time overtaken Europe on a key measure of innovation the share of its economy devoted to research and development. ExSwiss guard complains of sexual advances in Vatican Germany urges Japan to deal honestly with World War 2 past China blocks the Guardian People are more rational when they're speaking a foreign language, new research shows. Thailand might declare state of emergency; Nearly 15,000 police and soldiers will be deployed in Bangkok Reported cases of Christians killed for their faith around the world doubled in 2013 from the year before, with Syria accounting for more than the whole global total in 2012 Plan to avert global warming by cooling planet artificially 'could cause climate chaos'. Proposal to inject tiny reflective particles into the upper atmosphere to block out sunlight could lead to droughts, warn scientists. Japan police deployed about 4,000 officers to locate a rape and robbery suspect, who escaped during questioning at a prosecutors office near Tokyo yesterday. Sri Lankans leave so many coins in India that central bank is running out  It's facing an unusual currency crisis a pilgrimdriven coin shortage. 22 tons of coins laying unused in Buddhist temples in India, left by Lankans on pilgrimage. Govt negotiating with India to have them sent back. Police in Japan are investigating how pesticide at 2.6 million times the permitted levels got into frozen croquettes produced by Maruha Nichiro after its products sickened hundreds Global rise in smokers Nearly 1 billion now smoke Lobbies Switch from Influencing to Directly Writing EU Laws China's trapped icebreaker makes successful escape BBC News  US Military Helicopter crashes on Norfolk coast. Emergency services are attending. 400m area cordoned off China suspends ban on video game consoles after more than a decade. Japanese workers sick from inhaling asbestos while laboring at US military bases Largest Dutch pension fund boycotts Israeli banks over settlement ties Pirate Bay supporters plan 'Twitterstorm' for jailed founder | As hacker prepares to return to court tomorrow, online activists lend their support Spains Princess Cristina Ordered to Appear in Court on Corruption Charges  A Spanish court has ordered Juan Carloss daughter to answer allegations of money laundering & tax fraud as faith in the monarchy hits a new low. Poland vows to veto British changes to EU migration rules  Poland vows to veto any potential changes to EU laws on workers migration, after the UK singled out Polish workers as having benefited from the British welfare system. Europe is likely to become the museum of world farming because of its failure to embrace genetically modified crops, the environment secretary told farmers on Tuesday. All armed police officers in England will have to wear cameras on duty Pirate Party Turns the Tables and Spies On Intelligence Agency Armed with a surveillance van the Swedish Pirate Partys youth division planned to listen in on one of the countrys most secretive outfits H5N1 bird flu death confirmed in Alberta, 1st in North America Video of drunk 9yearold boy exposes New Zealand's underage drinking problem. I had to upload the film to get police to act, says teen who shot video. US govt attempts to block lawsuit against NSA Pakistani high school student saves school and lives when he stood his ground and got a hold of the suicide bomber who then detonated his vest We want a United States of Europe says top EU official Russia on alert after finding 6 bodies in bombladen cars Mark Duggan, whose death sparked riots in England in 2011, was lawfully killed, inquest jury says by majority 8 to 2 UK law on being annoying in public has been blocked by the House of Lords, who elieve the new injunction would undermine freedom of speech and association' European Parliament invites Snowden to testify Lawsuit lodged by MIT student seeks proof of CIA meddling in Mandela's arrest WikiLeaks consultant Gottfrid Svartholm Warg extradited from Sweden after alleged access to NSA contractor CSC Lions Approach Extinction in West Africa where they occupy less than 1% of their Historic Range. Environmentalists Sue Canada Over Species at Risk Due to Pipeline  5 groups are take govt to court claiming it's failed to meet its legal responsibilities under the 'Species at Risk Act' to protect endangered wildlife threatened by the proposed Enbridge Northern Gateway pipeline & oil tanker route. M Class Earth directed solar flare on the way. 50% chance of X class solar flare within the next 48 hours. Spain Child films security guards attacking parents Honeybee shortage threatens crop pollination in Europe In more than half of European countries, there are not enough honeybees to pollinate crops, according to new research. Scientists believe that a boom in biofuels has sparked a massive increase in the need for pollination. Yahoo Virus Converts Millions Of Computers Into Bitcoin Mining Slaves Aitzaz Hasan Tributes to Pakistan teenager killed when he stopped a bomber NASA spots a 'potentially hazardous' new asteroid US witness report found on Stalin's Katyn massacre Former SS Soldier, 88, Charged Over 1944 Village Massacre in France 'They built our bridge upside down' Chile's government says Spanish firm messed up construction of prestige $30 million building project. Former SS soldier charged over 1944 Nazi massacre at OradourSurGlane The people behind the GSM standard We were pressured to weaken the mobile security in the 80's Man gets homeless teenager, dips her head into cooking oil before raping her, stubs cigarettes out on her body...gets 12 years in prison US Marines Shoot and Kill FourYearOld Afghan Boy President Karzai calls for 'absolute end' to US/NATO military operations on homes and villages University student refuses to work with women on a project for religious reasons. Administration grants his request. NSA and GCHQ activities appear illegal, says EU parliamentary inquiry France bans standup show before it starts, because what the artist might say could be perceived as antisemitic. Israel defies World Bank, refuses to let Palestinians use landfill Fouryearold boy 'accidentally shot deady US forces in Afghanistan Over 8,000 Baby PigNosed Turtles Hidden in Suitcases Apparently Bound for China & Singapore Rescued  All will be returned to their natural habitat in Papua Google Maps Mistakenly Identifies Berlin Square as Adolf Hitler Platz Russian Actor Begs Putin to Fully Criminalize LGBT People Australia Rapid loss of top predators a major environmental threat  Scientists warn that removal from ecosystem of large carnivores like the dingo could be as detrimental as climate change After Nine Attempts, Terrorists Eliminate Pakistans Bravest Cop Viewing Pirated Streams is Not Illegal, German Govt Says Scotland Yards rotten core Police failed to address Met's endemic corruption  Organised crime infiltrated police at will, according to secret report. Toplevel internal inquiry identified scores of corrupt individuals working for London's Metropolitan Police University stands by controversial decision to allow femalefree schooling for religious student A 2011 study in the Journal of Peace Research found that the perpetuation of Islamist extremism was more significantly associated with urban poverty than with variables like religiosity.... Canadian federal court rules telecom giant Bell broke the law by accessing potential customer's credit report without permission. The man was awarded $21,000 in damages. Karzai defies US on prisoner release. Afghanistan says it will release scores of alleged Taliban fighters from jail, despite US objections that the men could return to the battlefield as NATO troops withdraw. Vimeo Banned in Turkey, meanwhile the gov. is looking to introduce tighter regulations on the Internet Pope Francis lambasts the rich and reminds the world of what matters most 16year legal battle over laptop reaches UK supreme court A young lion has died after getting its head caught in cables in its cage at an Indonesian zoo notorious for hundreds of animal deaths in recent years Afghan boy killed by US forces as Nato staff die in aircraft accident Only 432 people own half of the private land in Scotland, reform planned. UK gov document reveals that the government has no evidence its drug policies are working and that it considered hiding the report to prevent legalisation supporters [using it] to criticise government policies. This could be the year we start to save, not slaughter, the shark  Specialist restaurants in Beijing are changing their menus or closing down as the Far East begins to share world revulsion at cutting off shark fins to make a gourmet soup Former Israeli prime minister, Ariel Sharon, dead at 85 after 8 years in coma Vatican refuses to extradite Polish archbishop accused of child sex abuse Pakistan to award slain boy with the nation's highest civil award of bravery for foiling terrorist bombing Somalia's Al Shabaab Bans the Internet  Al Shabaab has reportedly banned the use of the Internet through mobile handsets and fiber optic cables throughout Somalia, giving telecommunications companies 15 days to comply with the order Large Carnivores Disappearing From the Earth  The decline of large predators such as lions, leopards, wolves, otters, & bears is changing landscapes from the tropics to the Arctic, finds new study from scientists in Sweden, US, Australia, & Italy. EU report reveals massive scope of secret NSA surveillance | The European Parliament has wrapped up its inquiry into mass surveillance. In a draft report, politicians are being hard on all sides  the US government, the NSA, but also on hesitant EU governments and companies. Gashimov, Chess Grandmaster from Azerbaijan, dead at 27 NASA warns of 'potentially hazardous' asteroid World's first bitcoin storage vault opens in London  A deep cold storage service for bitcoins underwritten by Lloyds of London and offering protection from hackers and accidental loss has launched in the UK. Tens of thousands of Turkish demonstrators took to the streets in capital Ankara Saturday in protest against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's government, which has been rocked by a vast corruption probe Blackouts are best possible thing for UK energy crisis, says Labor adviser  Says it'll force politicians to confront lack of infrastructure investment.   the Central Electricity Generating Board used to say a resilient network operated on a 25% capacity surplus. We're down to 4%. More Dutch funds and companies sever ties to Israel, because of infractions of international law. It has been two weeks now since a team of Al Jazeera journalists have been detained by the state of Egypt without charge TEPCO withheld Fukushima radioactive water measurements for 6 months Outrage over NSA spying sends data clients to Canada Scientist from Astana has solved one of the most difficult mathematical tasks of the millennium Polar vortex over US brings abnormally mild weather to Scandinavia  On the back of a generally mild winter, there have been reports of bears emerging early from hibernation in Finland, and changes in the behaviour of migratory birds off the coast of Sweden. India expels senior US diplomat Gaza woman gives birth to first baby born from smuggled sperm Palestinian woman arranged for her husband's sperm to be smuggled from an Israeli prison into Gaza. Starved And Beaten 'Slave' Man Is Adopted Son Of UK's Top AntiSlavery Expert Gunmen open fire on Bangkok protesters | Seven people hurt in shooting on Thai antigovernment demonstrators ahead of attempted city shutdown Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits An ancient town in China's Southwestern Yunnan province has been burning throughout the night. The 1,300year old Dukezong Old Town in ShangriLa caught fire early Saturday morning, and firefighters were still battling the blaze at 8 am. Close to victory India will officially be declared poliofree on Monday Obama to announce changes to NSA surveillance on Jan. 17 UK schools fingerprinted over 800K children, third without parental consent  watchdog Permit to hunt Critically Endangered Black Rhino sells for $350,000 at Dallas auction About that Consensus on Global Warming 9136 agree, 1 disagrees. A 14yearold girl has been found shot dead in southeastern Turkey a few days after giving birth to her second child German church criticizes plan to add 'acceptance of sexual diversity' to school curriculum cautioning against any ideologization and indoctrination Devastating dossier on 'abusey UK forces in Iraq goes to International Criminal Court. Senior UK military and political figures could end up in the dock as 400 victims denounce 'systemic' use of torture and cruelty. Woman tries to sue her lawyers because they failed to tell her a divorce settlement would end her marriage An international campaign to boycott Israeli settlement products has rapidly turned from a distant nuisance into a harsh economic reality for Israeli farmers in the West Bank's Jordan Valley. The exportdriven income of growers in the valley's 21 settlements dropped by more than $29 million. Norway's Oil Fund Heads For $1 Trillion; Every man, woman and child in oilrich Norway became a theoretical millionaire Construction of Monsanto GMO seed plant in north Argentina halted on environmental grounds IOC Member Says OneThird of Olympic Funds Lost to Corruption Indian tribe dubbed reallife Avatar succeed in stopping British mining giant from mining sacred hills French First Lady 'in hospital'  after revelations of affair by her partner, French President Hollande US tested biological weapons in Japan, Taiwan and US mainland Cannibalism, looting reported in CAR China donates solar energy kit systems to Rwanda 41 Palestinians die of hunger brought on by siege Close Guantnamo prison, says first US commander on 12th anniversary Left behind girl, aged 11, falls victim to sexual abuse by villagers Brussels slaps down British threats to rewrite immigration rules  President of European parliament says UK has 'no chance of curbing [the EU's] basic principle of free movement' Close Guantnamo, says former commander of the prison. 'Terrorists aim to change our behaviour through fear. They have succeeded' South pacific island nation of Tonga slammed by category 5 cyclone, at least 1 dead JewishAmerican public leader raps AIPAC on lobbying for more Iran sanctions A broad coalition of wellknown organizations (Reddit, the Electronic Freedom Foundation, Free Press, Mozilla and others) announced today that it will stage an online protest against wideranging government surveillance of Internet users on 11 February, in memory of activist Aaron Swartz. 6.4 quake hits Puerto Rico coast Neil Young blasts Harper government for allowing oilsands development money is number one, integrity isnt even on the map EU Offers Public a Chance to Fix Copyright Law EU Commission has opened a public consultation which allows all citizens  even those in the U.S.  a rare opportunity to change the path of copyright law Raped 60 times in hospital Mental health patient reveals shocking abuse on wards dubbed ''playgrounds for predators'' Kalashnikov 'feared he was to blame' for AK47 rifle deaths The inventor of the Kalashnikov assault rifle apparently wrote to the head of the Russian Orthodox Church before he died expressing fears he was personally responsible for the people it killed. Samoan teenager arrested and family fined $4300 USD, 30 cartons of tinned fish, and 2 cows, for mocking Samoan Prime Minister UK government minister urges middle classes to forget banks and join credit unions A gay man in Cameroon who was jailed for sending a text message to another man saying I'm very much in love with you, and who was later declared a prisoner of conscience by Amnesty International, has died BP loses bid over Gulf oil payouts Pope Francis says abortion is part of 'throwaway culture'. Mystery of Alexander the Great's death solved? Ruler was 'killed by toxic wine' claim scientists. A leading toxicologist has said that Alexander the Great may have died after drinking wine made from a poisonous plant that would have cause a slow and painful death. Mumbai fashion designer raped by 13 men in Dubai Vicepresident of European Commission accuses British government of whipping up scares to distract people from the UK's real problems Al Shabaab of Somalia has banned the Internet. Out in the Open An NSAProof Twitter, Built With Code From Bitcoin and BitTorrent White House Iran to start eliminating uranium stockpile January 20 Thailand braced for a shutdown of its capital on Monday by protesters who want to topple Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra and install an unelected government, as fears grew that the southeast Asian country could be heading for civil war Overfishing is truly becoming the world's problem... Philippines and Vietnam condemn new Chinese South China Sea fishing law. German security contact killed in US drone attack in PakistanAfghan border NSA #2 States That Only One Terrorist Activity Was Ever Related to Bulk Phone Data Collection Rival militiamen have embraced each other in a district of the Central African Republic capital Bangui after the French military brokered a truce Pope Francis calls abortion 'horrific' in toughest remark to date Audit slams World Bank  Investigation says loan to Honduran palm oil magnate, alleged to be linked to activist deaths, violated bank's rules A man in Ireland has been stabbed to death in what detectives believe may have been a row over a late night game of chess. Detectives said they believed a row had broken out over a chess move and spiralled out of control. Mozilla Calls On World To Protect Firefox Browser From the NSA Confired The DEA Struck A Deal With Mexico's Most Notorious Drug Cartel Palm Oil Company Fined for Burning Only Place on Earth Where Tigers, Elephants, Rhinos, & Orangutans Live Together in the Wild  Indonesian court finds 'PT Kallista Alam' firm guilty of illegally burning large swathes of Sumatran Forest. The Americans have lied to us  Germany loses hope of signing 'nospy' treaty with US in wake of NSA scandal Pakistan to name school, stadium after teenager who died stopping suicide bomber Melting glaciers in northern Italy reveal corpses of WW1 soldiers Spain Youth Unemployment Rises To Record 57.7%, Surpasses Greece Pirate Bay Founder Gets Access to His Books After Public Outcry Danish authorities are now allowing Gottfrid Svartholm to access the books he brought from Sweden. Previously, the police feared that these books could contain secret messages China is now requiring all fisherman in the Pacific waters it claims to seek China's approval before fishing. Other countries have responded angrily to China's new jurisdiction claim, declaring it illegal and invalid. China cloning on an 'industrial scale' Afghan atheist granted UK asylum  An Afghan man is believed to have become the first atheist to be granted asylum in the UK on the basis of his views on religion and could set a significant precedent in asylum and immigration cases CarFree City Hamburg Announces Audacious 20Year Plan to Eliminate Need for Automobiles MegaUpload's Kim Dotcom set to establish own political Party in New Zealand Nurse Arrested For Selling Babies Exposes China's Child Trafficking Problem Tensions between Muslims and Christians in CAR culminate in act of public cannibalism Nigerian president signs antigay bill into law  made it illegal for gay people to even hold a meeting US will not enter bilateral nospy agreement with Germany, says media Despite assurance from Barack Obama, United States has not ruled out bugging political leaders' calls, claims German paper NSA Data Have No Impact on Terrorism Report Nigeria's president has signed a law that bans samesex marriage and criminalizes homosexual associations, societies and meetings, with penalties of up to 14 years in jail India three years poliofree. Great achievement considering the fact that 20 years ago there used to be 50 000 to 100 000 cases every year. The U.S. Army tested biological weapons in Okinawa in the early 1960s, when the prefecture was still under U.S. rule, according to U.S. documents obtained by Kyodo News. French President's approval ratings go up after report he's having an affair with an actress The Dutch government is planning to make prisoners pay 16 a day for their time in jail Saudi religious cops tell women not to use swings Mexican vigilantes seize cartel bastion WikiLeaks releases long sought TransPacific Partnership (TPP) Environment draft New Memo Kissinger Gave the Green Light for Argentina's Dirty War. That resulted in the disappearancethat is, deathsof an estimated 30,000 people. Urn containing Sigmund Freud's ashes smashed in raid on London crematorium Why the DEA Let the World's TechSavviest Drug Cartel Do As It Pleased for 12 Years As per newly declassified documents, in 1984, Britain assisted in the desecration and destruction of the Golden Temple, Sikhism's holiest shrine. Man tries to selfimmolate (set himself on fire) after tribal council [jirga] tells him to wed his underage daughters to the sons of a policeman. PAKISTAN Japan to test 'magnetic net' that can fish out floating space junk Danish tourist robbed, beaten and gangraped in India. Iranian born former US air defense contractor caught smuggling boxes of secret documents to Iran, including 'thousands of pages contained in dozens of manuals/binders relating' to F35 fighter jet Starvation reported at Palestinian camp in Syria. Disturbing images of emaciated children and elderly people who appear to have died of hunger are emerging from a Palestinian refugee camp on the edge of Damascus. Report NSA uses radio pathways to access computers even when machines are not connected to the internet. Insane Photos Show Mexican Vigilantes Battling A Drug Cartel For Control Of A City Saudi Arabian women's rights Govt will no longer text a woman's male guardian if she leaves the country Sickened Fukushima Worker Employees beaten, threatened with death for speaking out (VIDEO) Vatican To Be Grilled By UN On Allegations It Enabled Rape Of Children Canada's carbon emissions projected to soar by 2030. Tar sands expected to help drive 38% increase in emissions. We in Canada are living an Orwellian nightmare when it comes to our government and climate. (xpost /r/everythingscience) US physically hacks 100,000 foreign computers The $8 Million Mayor 'My Wealth Comes From God'. Indonesian anticorruption investigators are not so sure. Man caught with pipe bomb at Edmonton airport allowed to fly anyway. Frontline Secret State of North Korea. Footage smuggled out by a network of journalists and defectors offers an unprecedented look inside the Hermit Kingdom. At least in China, they have free speech, said one North Korean in her Pyongyang apartment. Mexican army shooting unarmed civilians; trying to take down the Autodefensas China's young are following in Jack Kerouac's footsteps Chafing under social expectations, they fantasize about travelling to exotic places and leaving work or school far behind Palestinians starve to death in South Damascus Indonesian Maids are Hong Kong's ModernDay Slaves Chinese Doctor Who Sold Newborns to Human Traffickers Sentenced to Death Pope Francis sacks all but one of the cardinals who run the Vatican bank, less than a year after Pope Benedict XVI appointed them A paedophile ring which streamed live child abuse from the Philippines over the internet has been broken up after an operation by UK police and their counterparts in Australia and the US A huge pile of shit has been dumped outside the French National Assembly to protest against Hollande & the politcal elite. Govt request to remove political content worrying, says Google KoreanRussian team to clone a mammoth from ancient tissue Income Inequality Most Likely Threat to World Economy, WEF Says Chronic income gap between richest & poorest poses biggest global threat  'World Economic Forum' survey identifies inequality as biggest flashpoint as well as extreme weather and unemployment New analysis of rocket used in Syria chemical attack undercuts U.S. claims  it would have been impossible for the rocket to have been fired from inside areas controlled by the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad. German charity worker raped while asleep on train in southern India More Leaked Documents on the TPP Show More Problems Chinese general arrested for gilded lifestyle Top officer had dozens of homes, a golden boat, gold statue of Mao and other items confiscated in corruption probe. Wind power is now the main source of energy in Spain North Korea warns the US and South Korea that their standard military practices are provocative of war. Prostitutes in the party island of Ibiza have formed a sex workers' union to pay taxes and gain social security benefits  first of its kind legally registered in Spain. New forms of male birth birth control may change how we humans get it on FOX Bankrupted a 23YearOld Canadian Pirate for Running a 'Simpsons' Streaming Site Archaeologists uncover new pharaoh in Egypt Stunning new footage of civilian defiance emerges from North Korea 61% of Pakistanis say women should dress as they wish online survey 70,000 Gallons of Borscht to Sustain Spectators at Sochi Games  Organizers hope everyone likes beets Radical Israeli settlers torch Mosque in the West Bank. India looking into tax evasion by US Embassy following the Khobragade issue. We Hacked North Korea With Balloons and USB Drives Stanford scientists Climate change occurring 10 times faster than anytime in the past 65 million years. Schools prepare to close as Shanghai Pollution reaches an alltime high UN Online Privacy Now Considered a Human Right Uganda president refuses to approve antigay Bill The Economist talks about The coming storm  47% of today's jobs could be automated within 20 years No government is prepared for it. Suggests a radical rethinking of education and redistributive taxes towards lowerwage workers 84yearold Canadian died in handcuffs while in U.K. immigration lockup watchdog NSA collects millions of text messages daily in 'untargeted' global sweep Fervently AntiGay Uganda Among World's Top Gay Porn Consumers Behind Fervently AntiGay Pakistan Growing Number Of People Agree That Ed Snowden Is A Whistleblower The selfproclaimed mastermind of the September 11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, has released a manifesto claiming that the Quran forbids the use of violence to spread Islam Neurosurgeons from Poland transplanted nerve cells taken from the nose of man that had his spinal cord injured. He can move his legs now. (Google translate) Japan's last WWII straggler dies at 91  Hiroo Onoda, the last Japanese imperial soldier to emerge from hiding and surrender 29 years after the end of World War II, has died. Ugandan president refuses to approve law jailing gay people for life Putin's Message to Gays in Sochi Leave Children in Peace  Gay people should feel comfortable at the Sochi Olympics but leave children in peace, Russias President Vladimir Putin said Friday. Spain becomes first country to rely on wind as top energy source Mexican vigilante groups refuse to be disarmed by the military Activists in Wuhan block truck carrying 2,800 cats headed for Slaughter Italian MP puts on blackface in antiimmigration tirade, saying that all white Italians should do the same so as to receive benefits, free housing and preferential treatment African migrants do Buddhist Mob Group Kills Dozens of Muslims in Myanmar. Vladimir Putin We do not have a ban on nontraditional sexual relationships. We have a ban on the propaganda of homosexuality and paedophilia. I want to underline this. Propaganda among children. These are absolutely different things  a ban on something or a ban on the propaganda of that thing. Young Greek convicted 10 months with parole for insulting religion, by facebook page with the Greek offshoot of the Flying Spaghetti Monster. A 79year old feminist, peace activist, filmmaker and member of Aosdna has been jailed for three months in Limerick Prison in relation to protests over US military use of Shannon Airport. Vomit fee proposed for Torontos taxi cabs Metals, Currency Rigging Worse Than Libor, Bafin Chief Says A blogger in Greece has been sentenced to 10 months in prison for blasphemy because he satirized a Greek Orthodox monk Jamaican Bobsled Team on verge of qualifying for Sochi Olympics, first time since 2002 Ukraine passes sweeping legislation against acts of protest At 10am GMT on Monday morning an alarm clock will rouse a snoozing spacecraft that is hurtling through the darkest reaches of the solar system. Launched 10 years ago, and in hibernation for the last three, the time for action has come at last. Pope Defrocked Nearly 400 Priests in 2 Years for Molesting Kids Australia is currently on fire In the Grampians a fire complex has been so intense it created a 12kmwide convection column, generating its own weather and lightning strikes. As of today lightning strikes have started 25 fires in Aus which are forecast to form an inferno of half a million hectares. A senior Italian member of the International Olympic Committee has slammed the US for mixing politics with the Olympics in its absurd decision to include openly gay athletes in its official delegation to the Winter Games in Russias Sochi. Mali arrests Islamist judge who ordered amputations and stonings Ministers wife found dead in luxury hotel room in India after exposing husbands alleged affair on Twitter A colossal pod of 250 plus Bottlenose dolphins including babies, juveniles and one baby albino dolphin is being held captive overnight in the cove right now. 4,000yearold erotica depicts a strikingly racy ancient sexuality Montreal, Canada  Woman claims she was told to leave hospital and province for requesting English service Canada, France & UK issue travel advisory for women visiting India Egypt hires American PR firm to improve its image, then arrests its film crew within hours of setting foot in Cairo. Wife who used Twitter to accuse Indian MP husband of affair is found dead EU to start lifting Iran sanctions on Monday Egyptians 'will kill Americans in the streets', prominent editor threatens Major Political Donors Have Access to TPP Documents. Everyone Else? Not So Much Civilian militias in Michoacan, Mexico expelled drugtraffickers and have taken control of the region. The government is demanding they disarm. Intel confirms it will axe 5,400 workers in 2014 Columbia University prof. estimates $20tln hidden in tax havens 250 dolphins rounded up in Japan's Taiji cove Two explosions hit capital of Russia's southern republic of Dagestan 250 dolphins rounded up, await slaughter at Japan's Taiji Cove Taliban attack on restaurant in Afghan capital kills at least 13 Turkey purges bank watchdog, telecoms body, state TV in graft probe backlash Germany candy maker Haribo pulls 'racist' liquorice after complaints Body of 3 year old Mikaeel Kular has been found at 1am GMT in Fife, Scotland, mother has been detained Jamaican Bobsled Team Qualifies for 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics Wife of Indian minister found dead after 'exposing husband's affair on Twitter to 2 million followers' died a 'sudden and unnatural death', tests reveal. UK Prime Minister David Cameron Wants to Strip Benefits from Immigrants Who Can't Speak English Rich Chinese continue to flee China, 64 percent of Chinese millionaires have either emigrated or plan to emigrate and United States is their favorite destination Report will detail how Jimmy Savile abused up to a THOUSAND young boys and girls on BBC premises. (xpost from r/news because I forgot that's for US news) 3 Japanese Groups Ask that Brutal Dolphin Hunts be Stopped in Japan  The roundups occur 6 months out of each yr. This year alone, fishermen allowed to drive in over 2,000 dolphins. Man tortured for Britain finds asylum  in the US. Britain has been attacked by human rights campaigners over its shameful failure to aid a British embassy guard who had to flee his home country with his family after he was brutally tortured. Benefits 'to be stripped from immigrants who cannot speak English' David Cameron intends to make the cuts in order to slash the countrys welfare bill Water leak found inside Fukushima reactor building Egypt's new constitution gets 98% 'yes' vote As Obama Speaks, Why Is the UK So Quiet on Surveillance? US airstrike kills woman, seven children in Afghanistan Riot police fired plastic bullets, tear gas and water cannons at hundreds of people in Istanbul protesting a government plan to expand controls over the public's use of the Internet A whole town is burning down in Norway. Google translate correction The fire is NOT under control. Ukrainian protesters clashed with police in central Kiev after at least 10,000 people took to Independence Square for an antigovernment demonstration. Police retaliation was prompted by an attempt to storm the government quarter. China building second aircraft carrier reports Canadian government accused of destroying environmental archives A Suspiciously High Percentage of Egyptians Voted 'Yes' on a New Constitution  The Wire African Pop Star turns white (and causes controversy) with new line of skin whitening cream. Mystery Mars rock reveals unexpected chemical composition North Korea's Huge Rare Earth Deposits Japanese lieutenant hid in the Philippines for 29 years after war, dies [he] survived on bananas and coconuts and sometimes killed villagers he assumed were enemies Chinas Commerce Ministry has condemned a $1.1 trillion spending bill passed by the United States Congress last week over clauses that limit technological purchases from China Gunmen attack Muslims fleeing CAR, kill 22, 3 kids Cool runnings 2 Jamaican bobsled team qualifies for Sochi Olympics! Oxfam Combined wealth of the 85 richest people is equal to that of the poorest 3.5 billion  half the world's population Vladimir Putin opens the door to permanent Russian asylum for Snowden Asked whether Snowden could stay as long as he wants, Putin replied Yes, sure, definitely. It's bobsled time Jamaican team raises $25,000 in Dogecoin Robot spaceship built by European Space Agency just 'woke up' after 2.5 years of hibernation, prepares to shoot a harpoon into the ChuryumovGerasimenko comet and travel with it for over a year in a style similar to that of the Moby Dick novel. UN confirms Iran has begun implementing nuclear deal, stopping enrichment, reducing stockpiles Nasa says 'doughnut rock' on Mars is like nothing weve ever seen before The German justice system will not stand idly by if the efforts of the NSA blithely continue here  Germany reacts to Obama's NSA reforms In an unusual move, U.S. ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy has expressed deep concern over the traditional dolphin hunt in western Japan, where local fisherman corral dolphins in a secluded bay before killing many for meat. 1% of families own 46% of total global wealth Canada cancels state visit by Nigerian president over country's antigay law. Credit card details from almost half of all South Koreans have been stolen and sold to marketing firms. Dogecoin raises over $30,000 for Jamaican Olympic Bobsled team in just over 24 hours Bill and Melinda Gates predict a world with almost no poor countries by 2035 Beijing residents are NOT watching fake sunrises on giant TVs because of pollution France warns Europe could be 'overwhelmedy jihadis returning from Syria Japanese dolphin killing condemned by US ambassador Oxfam 85 richest people as wealthy as half of the world's population  As World Economic Forum starts in Davos, development charity claims that growing inequality has been driven by a 'power gra by wealthy elites Christian mob in CAR burns Muslims in street Of the first 20 captives to arrive at Guantnamo 12 years ago, 11 remain there. The general in command then reflects on that time and says the prisons should be closed. 3Dprinted prosthetics How a $100 arm is giving hope to Sudan's 50,000 war amputees Putin Russia must 'cleanse' itself of gays, but they shouldn't fear Sochi 6.3 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand's North island. Ukraine Protesters attacking Government Building [Live Stream] NHS patient data to be made available for sale to drug and insurance companies Tomb of ancient Egypt's beer maker to gods of the dead discovered Ukraine's Capital is literally revolting (Livestream) Science and information suppression is getting so bad in Canada, researchers are squirreling away large volumes of data in their basements for others to use. A BBC photo of a men's cubicle with twin toilets at a Sochi Olympics venue has caused a Twitter storm in Russia Thailand declares state of emergency in Bangkok ExBritish Prime Minister Tony Blair subjected to citizen's arrest at top London restaurant over 'illegal' war in Iraq A senior Italian cleric has been charged with laundering millions through the Vatican bank. He is already on trial and under house arrest on separate charges of plotting to smuggle 20m euros into Italy. The former Vatican accountant and two other people were served with arrest warrants on Tuesday After another night of violence, Russia tells Europeans not to interfere in Ukraine Russia has called on European governments not to interfere in the political crisis in Ukraine. The statement followed another night of violent clashes between antigovernment protesters and police in Kyiv Health Canada scientists are so concerned about losing access to their research library that some are squirrelling away journals and books in their garages for colleagues to consult, says a report obtained by CBC News (Xpost from /r/Canada) French Minister Slams Spain's 'Stone Age' Abortion Law Snowden to ask Russian police for protection after US threats  lawyer Japanese fishermen begin annual slaughter of hundreds of dolphins Annual cull goes ahead in defiance of worldwide criticism The Catalan National Assembly collects 235,000 signatures for independence in one weekend Personal credit card data of 20 million South Koreans  or 40% of the country's population  has been stolen, sparking outrage and resignations Evidence of 'industrialscale killingy Syria spurs call for war crimes charges | World news Germany Has Recovered a Paltry 5 Tons of Gold from the NY Fed After One Year Swiss Guard veteran claims existence of 'gay network' at the Vatican Former commandant Elmar Mder says there is a 'secret society of homosexuals' at Holy See, and that it imperils pope's security Ukraine Tracks Protesters Through Cellphones The European Space Agency has successfully received a signal from the Rosetta spacecraft on its way to land on a comet The University of Cumbria (UK) becomes first public university in the world to accept Bitcoin in tuition fees. South Sudan hospital patients 'shot in their beds' It is thought that up to 10,000 people have been killed in the South Sudanese conflict and a half a million displaced. Angry S Koreans flood banks after data leak Homophobic? Not me, says Putin... I like Elton John Image published by embassy in Japan shows Fukushima melted fuel deep underground European tax loopholes  which allows Google to pay just 0.1% income tax in UK  to be closed Scholar Wins Court Battle to Purge Name From U.S. NoFly List. Total Costs of this Battle $3,8M Dear subscriber, you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance. a text message that thousands of Ukrainian protesters spontaneously received on their cell phones today, as a new law prohibiting public demonstrations went into effect. Injured Ukraine activists disappearing from Kyiv hospitals Pope Francis has challenged the world's business elite to do more to help the poor and vulnerable Snowden If 'Country Is Helped,' Ending Up in Ditch 'Worth It'  In New Yorker interview, Snowden says 'I acted alone' and calls spy accusations by Republican congressman 'absurd' Syria accuses the west of pouring arms into the hands of terrorists. The west claims to fight terrorism, but it secretly feeds terrorism. Ukraine 2 dead from bullets near Kiev barricades N.S.A. and the F.B.I. officials have said their investigations have turned up NO evidence that Mr. Snowden was aided by others. Toronto Mayor Rob Ford, who pledged last year to go clean after a cracksmoking scandal, admitted on Tuesday he had been drinking again after a video surfaced of him ranting about police surveillance in a mock Jamaican accent in a suburban eatery China executes man who held six women as sex slaves in his basement and murdered two of them Guardian blocked in China after story about leadership's offshore wealth Mafia murder 3 year old boy Nicola Campolongo over his grandfather's debts Almost 80% of Russians see solution for terrorism in liquidating terrorists  poll Argentina limits online purchases on foreign sites to 2 per year. First year University of Toronto student develops new treatment for malaria China's exports linked to western U.S. air pollution  In the western United States, Chinese pollution related to exports contribute up to 12% to 24% of daily sulfate concentrations BBC Ukraine police storm Kiev protest barricades Rare Blue Diamond found in South Africa's Cullinan mine. The exceptional 29.6 carat blue diamond is the latest rare stone to be found in the Cullinan mine. Text messages warn Ukraine protesters they are 'participants in mass riot' Brazil's poor are protesting income inequality in an awesome way Brazilians are shutting down upscale shopping malls with flash mobs, dancing and BBQs Google's Eric Schmidt calls surveillance a luxury problem, denies knowledge of NSA tapping of firm NSA files Snowden says 'I acted alone' and rubbishes Russian spy claims. Former spy agency contractor tells magazine that attempt to link him to FSB are 'absurd'. Air pollution from Asia affecting world's weather State of Emergency Begins in Thailand A Star Just Exploded In A Nearby Galaxy. Closest of its kind in 30 years Human Rights Watch annual report 2014 criticises NSA mass surveillance | States with poor human rights records may use spying scandal as excuse to clamp down on internet freedom, report warns Netflix warns it will provoke customer protest if ISPs violate net neutrality principles Video of riot police stripping detained protester naked in the snow at tempatures below 0 while taking pictures of him. Reports of police torture continue in Kyiv, Ukraine. Ukraine revolt Livestream (sticky post) Ukraine One of kidnapped protestors was found in a forest, tortured to death A Ghost Ship filled with cannibal rats possibly headed for British Coast 29 images of Kiev protests resembling a war zone Hong Kong Billioniare doubles his offer from 40M to 80m to any man who can turn his lesbian daughter straight India,20yearold tribal woman tied to tree, gangraped on orders of village council for falling in love with other caste man Pope Francis says the internet is a 'gift from God' Martial Law declared in Kiev Norwegians caught selling whale meat snacks at the world's largest eco food fair, could go to prison for five years. A Ukrainian student has told the BBC he was tortured by riot police after being arrested during violent clashes in Kiev on Monday night. Mikhailo Niskoguz says he was taking photos before being detained by police, beaten and cut with a knife. Weapons used by protesters in Kiev Porn found on mobile phone of member of Saudi religious police Woman, 79, who refused to fill out census found guilty of violating Statistics Act Kenya Burns Indigenous People Out of Ancestral Lands  Govt sends Forest Service guards with police support to forcibly & illegally evict thousands of Sengwer indigenous people from their ancestral forest lands & burn their homes & belongings. A record 1,004 rhinos were killed in South Africa in 2013. Valiant efforts by concerned citizens can't compete with the international smuggling operations that have zeroed in on South Africa in recent years. Thousands of Nigerians throw stones into Sharia trial of gay men demanding speedier executions It is 10 to 20 in Kiev and police are using water canons Ukraine opposition issues ultimatum, will go on offensive if demands aren't met Ukraine protests Russia will not intervene, says Vladimir Putin spokesman Prime Ministers Office Tries to Silence Pipeline Critics; Labels Environmental GroupEnemy of the Government of Canada Snowden Calls RussianSpy Story 'Absurd' in Exclusive Interview  The media has a major role to play in American society, and theyre really abdicating their responsibility to hold power to account. Beijing bans new refining, steel, coal power to curb pollution Mexican drug lord busted by his Instagram feed  pictures in article Snowden I think a person should be able to dial a number, make a purchase, send an SMS, write an email, or visit a Web site without having to think about what it's going to look like on their permanent record. We did not develop this medicine for Indians...we developed it for western patients who can afford it, says Pharmaceutical CEO on expensive cancer drug patent Ukraine Police undress arrested to take group photos with him [NSFW] Kidnapped Ukrainian protestor Verbytsky found dead; activist Lutsenko describes abduction German Olympians will be wearing rainbowcolored uniforms in Sochi Denmark may soon be the first country in the world to issue a ban on nontherapeutic circumcision of boys. Calls it Genital Mutilation. Meanwhile, Israel tries hard to block changes that are broadly perceived in Europe as a clear step forward in children's human rights. 12 gauge Brass Slugs Fired At Ukraine Protesters Every half hour, police keep bringing corpses to a Kyiv morgue A Ukrainian Journalist Explains 10 Things The West Needs To Know About The Situation In Kiev No, an Abandoned Ship Full of Diseased Rats Is Not Floating Towards Britain Outrage after Ukraine policeman filmed abusing naked protester Two killer whales, which can grow up to 22ft long and swim 100 miles a day, are set to be kept in a small concrete tank for display during the Sochi Olympics British man sentenced to death in Pakistan for blasphemy Ukraine's Capital Descends Into Chaos Ukraine's Yanukovich spurns opposition, more barricades go up Russia will not end Snowden's asylum Thailand is the third largest exporter of seafood in the world, supplying supermarkets in Europe and America, but is accused of crewing fishing boats with Burmese and Cambodian Slaves. And if people can't work, aren't useful on board, they can be Killed and thrown overboard Ukraine protesters seize building, put up more barricades Snowden admits in interview The people at the working level at the NSA, CIA, or any other member of the [Intelligence Community] are not out to get you. They're good people trying to do the right thing... do have a role to play. Justin Trudeau says Canada should draw on best practices from marijuana legalization in Colorado, Washington. Last summer, Trudeau admitted to smoking pot after becoming an MP and has maintained that legalization in Canada is a good idea. Ukrainians are capturing state administrations across the country US Judge Rules That AntiGay Scott Lively Must Stand Trial for Crimes Against Humanity In Uganda Russia has accused the European Union of the aggressive propaganda of homosexual love in order to force an alien view of homosexuality on all countries worldwide Norway's Progress Party demands personal apology from Obama after his nomination for Norway's new ambassador described its members as fringe elements who spew out their hatred Pope The Internet is a gift from God that facilitates communication, but he warns that the obsessive desire to stay connected can actually isolate people from their friends and family Bank refuses to give customers their money, unless they tell it why they want it. Stephen Hawking announces in surprising statement that lack holes', as most people, even physicists, understand them, do not exist. Confirmed Protesters in Ukraine Kidnapped From Hospitals And Executed Hong Kong to Incinerate One of Biggest Ivory Stockpiles in the World  Acting against a centuriesold tradition of carving ivory into religious objects, govt will destroy it as a deterrent to poachers who kill up to 96 elephants a day across Africa. Ukraine revolt open discussion thread #2 (sticky post) French MP fined for saying Hitler 'didnt kill enough Gypsies Ukraine's riot police accused of brutality Ukraine protesters reject deal with president Ukraine antigovernment protesters try to seize energy ministry in Kiev US Will Stand With the People of Ukraine  Kerry | World Israels abortion law now among worlds most liberal. Despite its conservative leanings, government approves free pregnancy termination for nearly all women, and it barely causes a ripple. 'We didn't make this medicine for Indians we made it for western patients who can afford it' Pharmaceutical chief tries to stop India replicating its cancer treatment. Britons returning to the UK from Syria will be stopped at the border and face arrest, a senior police chief has said. Sir Peter Fahy, Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police, told the BBC there was huge concern Britons returning after fighting in Syria pose a threat to the UK. How Ukrainian Authorities Are Using Smartphones as Weapons Against Protesters Plight of slave maid who was beaten everyday for eight months Cuba to freeze foreign funds linked to al Qaeda, Taliban Man tortured by police in video returns to EuroMaidan, talks to journalists Letter to Obama from American detained in Egypt Twitter trolls jailed over menacing abuse sent to feminist campaigner. Egyptian embassy staff seized in Libya European Court of Human Rights fasttracks case against GCHQ; more organizations launch legal challenges to UK spying N. Korea objects to US nuclear weapons being brought to South Korea Irish Town Shuts Down Blasphemous Play Poland to investigate alleged CIA secret prison following new developments [xpost /r/LegalNews] Ukraine Fragile Truce in Kiev as Protests Spread Across Country All relatives of the executed uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jongun, including children and the country's ambassadors to Cuba and Malaysia, have been put to death at the leader's instruction Canada's Yukon Territory opening one of largest unbroken wilderness areas in N America to mining & mineral exploration  Decree stuns indigenous leaders who support 2011 plan maintaining 80% of the wilderness. New plan opens 71% to mining. Ukraine's President Yanukovych offers PM position to opposition leader Pentagon unveils plan to keep 10,000 troops in Afghanistan A group of UK climate activists have had their convictions for hijacking a coal train quashed after revelations have arose that one of the most active members was actually an undercover police officer who encouraged their actions. Extremist religion is at root of 21stcentury wars, says Tony Blair Six Muslim Siblings Jailed For Attempted Kidnap Of Sarah Harrison For Having Relationship With Sister HSBC uturn on restricting large withdrawals Former imam of the mosque of Pau ordered to leave France after faking hate crime against his own mosque [Google Translate] This is the one map you need to understand Ukraines crisis Orthodox priests in Ukraine step into line of fire to stop deadly protests Jailed ex Ukrainian prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko supports the protesters... Chinese teenager kills himself to save the life of his brother. Swedish Public Television Claims Copyright Publication Rights To Everybody's Sports Photos If Posted On Twitter Police forced to abandon Kiev conference centre to opposition On Thursday, in a questionandanswer session on the Free Snowden website, Snowden ruled out returning to the United States, where he said there was no chance of a free trial. Report from Kiev by Russian journalist Bangkok  Hundreds of thousands of Thais were blocked from voting on Sunday as antigovernment demonstrators obstructed polling places in Bangkok and southern Thailand in a campaign to suspend democracy and replace Parliament with an unelected peoples council. Egypt calls early presidential election as violence spreads ISIS and AlNusra Declare War on Lebanon Danish government taking flak for Goldman Sachs deal Ukraine 2014 Riots Livestream A new poll suggest support for Scottish independence from the UK has significantly increased. Twitter rape threats land UK pair in jail  charged for improper use of a public electronic communications network The Philippines has agreed the final section of a peace deal with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) fighting a longrunning insurgency in the south of the country. It is the fourth part of a roadmap for peace with the HSBC is paying $2 billion, or 5 weeks' worth of its profit, to avoid criminal charges in drug cartel laundering case Pope Francis is preparing a new faith defining document on 'Human Ecology' People must defend and respect nature UK Considers putting persistent internet pirates in jail and increase the maximum jail time for digital infringement to 10 years Ukraine warns of state of emergency Russian anticorruption politician Navalny reveals the mindboggling amount wasted and stolen on the Sochi 2014 Olympics in an interactive infographic! Wanted dead by US officials, Snowden tells German TV | Fugitive former NSA contractor Edward Snowden has claimed that US government officials want to kill me in an exclusive interview which German television says it conducted in Moscow. China installed more solar panels in 2013 than any country ever has Ukraine man found dead hanging from Independence Square protest 'tree' Documents reveal national embarrassment over UK govt role in letting fraudster use diplomats and soldiers to sell worthless bomb detectors to Thailand, Mexico, Lebanon, Philippines and several African countries Vaccine fears are causing an influx of preventable disease Ukraine protests 'spread' into Russiainfluenced east The European Union Will Not Be Regulating Fracking For Natural Gas Police in Japan arrest a factory worker, 49yearold Toshiki Abe, who sickened up to 2,800 people by lacing more than six million packets of frozen food (such as pizza and chicken nuggets) with malathion, a pesticide used for killing fleas, over four shifts last October. The mayor of Sochi, host of the Winter Olympics, has said there are no gay people in the city. Vancouver man appalled at Sochi conditions after working on ski, snowboarding courses 440,000 Thai voters prevented from voting Thai protest leader Suthin Tharathin shot dead Pepsi One contains high levels of cancer causing chemical  Study The money spent on preparing the UK for the impacts of global warming has almost halved since the environment secretary, Owen Paterson widely regarded as a climate change sceptic  took office. Critics called the cuts shocking and complacent. In a recently published interview in Bloomberg Businessweek, Bayer CEO Marijn Dekkers said that his companys cancer drug isnt for poor people. We did not develop this medicine for Indianswe developed it for western patients who can afford it, he said back in December. China's Jade Rabbit moon rover that has broken down on the surface of the moon may be beyond repair, state media hints The massive scale of human suffering still stuns us  German President writes letter to Vladimir Putin on anniversary of Leningrad siege and Auschwitz liberation Argentine activists win first round against Monsanto plant H7N9 Bird Flu Kills First Doctor Abhorrent Hundreds of mentally ill children in England and Wales 'locked in police cells', some for over 24 hours as officers had no place else to take them. Mexico Just Legalized Vigilantism And Then Captured A Huge Cartel Leader Worldfirst Edward Snowden interview reveals NSA spying on billions of innocents. Its clear that there are times where what is lawful is distinct from what is rightful... and it doesnt take long for an American or German to think of historic examples. World's Largest Shark Slaughterhouse Uncovered in China Salvation Army officers locked boys in cage, raped and beat them while the Army's leadership often failed to discipline or remove the perpetrators ISPs No Longer Have to Block The Pirate Bay, Dutch Court Rules Spain's prime minister is trying to ban abortion despite almost no support from the people  In the midst of a jobs crisis and economic dysfunction, Spain now must face a bitter debate over government plans to radically restrict womens rights. Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni said he will only sign the country's 'AntiHomosexuality Bill' if scientists can prove that gay people are not born that way NSA and GCHQ target 'leaky' phone apps like Angry Birds to scoop user data Congress secretly approves U.S. weapons flow to 'moderate' Syrian rebels Hairless hero Iranian teacher shaves head in solidarity with bullied pupil Ali Mohammadian's gesture, copied by his entire class of 23 pupils, stops bullying and attracts praise from all over country Sochi Olympics sponsor CocaCola wants to share a Coke, but not with gay people CocaCola's bid to downplay its sponsorship of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics took a blow this week, when it emerged that the word 'gay' is banned from its customisable 'share a Coke' function. Ukraine president accepts resignation of PM, entire cabinet The British government is unlawfully hiding over a million documents about its colonial past. But it could soon be forced to release them. Rooftop solar PV will soon be cheaper than coal  Even in northern Germany, where there is little sun, solar can be generated at 0.14c/kWh, half the cost of gridbased electricity. President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority said in an interview aired Tuesday that he could accept an Israeli military presence in the West Bank for a threeyear transition period as part of a peace deal. In North Korea, meth is offered as casually as a cup of tea NSA uses apps like 'Angry Birds' to snatch your personal data including players location, age, sex and other personal information Chinese steelmakers and power plants are being forced to shop around for higherquality raw materials to meet tougher air pollution standards, a move that will be a boon for global mining giants that produce premiumgrade iron ore and coal. Anyone using Google Maps on a smartphone is working in support of a GCHQ system one 2008 document from the British intelligence agency is quoted as saying. Jew, France is Not Yours Chant AntiGovernment Demonstrators in Paris Convicted Chinese ivory smuggler faces a record $233,000 fine or 7years in jail in Kenya Flatulent cows start fire at German dairy farm Ukraine 'to scrap' antiprotest law Swedish divers unearth a 'Stone Age Atlantis' 11,000yearold ancient settlement discovered under the Baltic Sea Ukrainian prime minister offers to resign You're sending the wrong signal to billions of people living in undemocratic states Angela Merkel attacks US and UK spying tactics. Americas health craze for fish oil is wiping out the worlds rarest shark Two Norwegian politicians nominate Snowden for the Nobels Peace price. US bans students from Syria, Iran, Sudan and Cuba from accessing Coursera, the nonprofit organization offering free Massive Open Online Courses China confirmed for the first time that H7N9 bird flu has spread from person to person Stem cell 'major discovery' claimed Scientists in Japan showed stem cells can now be made quickly just by dipping blood cells into acid A French television programme is set to reveal a potentially damming audio recording in which the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi claims he helped bankroll former French president Nicolas Sarkozys 2007 presidential campaign Gay Sex Is a Crime and Will Stay a Crime, Says Indias Top Judges Angry Birds firm calls for industry to respond to NSA spying revelations | Rovio rethinks relationship with ad platforms; CEO tells users it was not complicit in surveillance; 'We do not collaborate or share data with spy agencies' NSA, GCHQ mapping political alignment of cellphone users The programs do not primarily target terrorists, but workers, intellectuals, and students. Japan Nintendo President Cuts Salary After Disappointing Profits in 2013 Huge swath of GCHQ mass surveillance is illegal, says top lawyer JP Morgan IT executive plunges to death at bank's London HQ Beijing forces U.S. reporter to leave China to punish foreign news organizations for exposing the tremendous wealth amassed by close relatives of top Communist Party leaders. Angela Merkel warns US over surveillance in first speech of third term  'A programme in which the end justifies all means  violates trust,' German chancellor says Russia and U.S. to sign treaty prolonging ISS operations until 2024 Michael Schumacher is being awakened today Pollution in Delhi is worse than Beijing; Indians have the world's weakest lungs Olympic Sponsors Were Warned About Sochi; Now McDonald's and CocaCola Are Having a PR Nightmare Ukraine 'on brink of civil war'  Ukraine's first postindependence president says the country is on the brink of civil war as he opens debate on an amnesty for detained protesters JPMorgan Technology VP Dies in Fall From London Headquarters Black Carbon Pollution is 23 Times Worse in India & China Than Previously Thought  Black carbon is a an air pollutant that comes from burning fossil fuels and biomass. New studies have found that it is contributing much more to both local air pollution and climate change than previously thought. Multiple sclerosis 'linked to food bug'. Lab tests in mice by the team from Weill Cornell Medical College revealed a toxin made by a rare strain of Clostridium perfringens caused MSlike damage in the brain. Justin Trudeau to remove senators from Liberal caucus Shark Cull Western Australia Kills First Shark with 4 Head Shots 'Angry Birds' website hacked following NSA spying allegations, displaying a message saying Spying Birds with one of their iconic Angry Birds bearing an NSA logo on its forehead Danish government implodes over opposition against a deal with Goldman Sachs, to sell them stocks with veto rights over our energy infrastructure The EU is developing a secret plan to give the police the power to control cars by switching the engine off remotely Let Banks Fail Is Iceland Mantra as 2% Joblessness in Sight Photos of Ukrainian uprising. Includes a dude with a colander on his head, humans on fire and lots of molotov cocktails. 'Insane, Disgusting' and 'Epic Treachery' NSA Spied on Climate Talks 'Obama admin. clearly never wanted Copenhagen talks to work,' says Bill McKibben following latest NSA revelations concerning climate talks Scarlett Johansson quits Oxfam charity over her controversial support of company with factory in the occupied Palestinian territories Russia to monitor 100% of communications at Sochi Games, says Russia openly A noted professor who regularly provides commentary on an NHK AM radio show in Japan, has resigned from the program in protest over the public broadcasters demand that nuclear power not be discussed until after the Feb. 9 Tokyo gubernatorial election. New Snowden Docs U.S. Spied on Negotiators At 2009 Climate Summit A record number of foreign citizens were deported from Norway last year, after country's police stepped up the use of deportation as a way of fighting crime. Danish Government Nearly Collapsed Over Deal With Goldman Sachs Ukraine on verge of 'civil war', says expresident In Germany, memories of repressive national spying inflamed by U.S. surveillance Female genital mutilation affects a fifth of young girls in subSaharan Africa Almost one in five young girls in subSaharan Africa are still forced to endure female genital mutilation, according to a UN report that paints a grim picture of the state of the world's children. Top lawyer finds GCHQ spying is illegal & UK spies who help US drone strike may be accessories to murder China bans smoking in schools, including kindergarten UK House of Lords pass 'Gagging Bill', a bill designed to stop charities and trade unions from criticising the government. Threats to Sochi Olympics Whistleblower 'You Will Be Drowned in Blood!' The Ukrainian Parliament recently repealed harsh rules against freedom of speech and assembly, but rather than sign the repeal into law, PM Yanukovych goes on sick leave, leaving the harsh rules in place 'Jews, Out of France!' Around 17000 March in Paris Chanting AntiSemitic Slurs Egypt said it would try 20 people who work for the Al Jazeera television channel on charges they belong to a terrorist group, drawing U.S. allegations that the militarybacked government is trying to muzzle dissent. Hunan couple recycles 9 million of plastic bottles a year to send their sons to university NSA spied on Copenhagen UN climate summit  Snowden leak USFunded Hospital in Afghanistan Has 3 Light Bulbs, Forces Staff to Wash Newborns in River Water Footage released of Guardian editors destroying Snowden hard drives GCHQ technicians watched as journalists took angle grinders and drills to computers after weeks of tense negotiations Man Washes up in Marshall Islands 'After 16 Months Adrift' at sea Ukrainian riot police have allegedly beaten up a busload of government supporters, after mistaking them for opposition activists A Factory in China is Slaughtering Endangered Whale Sharks  A Chinese nonprofit wildlife organization exposes what they believe to be the largest whale sharkprocessing factory in the world Australia's Great Barrier Reef watchdog gave the green light for millions of cubic metres of dredged mud to be dumped near the fragile reef to create the world's biggest coal port and possibly unlock $28 billion in coal projects Cameron unhappy newspapers still printing Snowden data leaks 61% said No!  Most Germans oppose bigger role for military. Bumblebees exposed to controversial pesticides collect just half the pollen they would otherwise harvest, according to new research, depriving their growing young of their only source of protein. [xpost /r/environment] Ontario raises minimum wage to $11 Palestinian poet Ashraf Fayadh is in a Saudi prison, allegedly for spreading atheism  and having long hair Pirate Bay allowed to sail again Dutch court surrenders. They cut my ear off and even crucified me  AutoMaidan leader Bulatov found alive eight days after disappearance The former head of Canada's military in Afghanistan is being detained in Afghanistan for alleged gun smuggling Shipwrecked man makes land 'after 16 months adrift' After billions in U.S. investment, Afghan roads are falling apart CSEC used airport WiFi to track Canadian travellers Edward Snowden documents Leaked document records 330 drone strikes in Pakistan A former Pakistani minister says that officials may have come under pressure to play down civilian deaths after Obama's election. Almost all mention of noncombatant casualties disappears after 2009 despite significant evidence to the contrary. Mexico has started registering vigilantes fighting drug cartel to classify them as official defense groups. Pollution Taints Chinese New Year Fireworks  Chinese typically ring in the Lunar New Year with fireworks. In Shanghai, young people say the smog has changed their minds about the ancient tradition & they won't be lighting off fireworks this year to spare the air. UK nuclear plant detects elevated radiation  Sellafield bans nonessential workers as precaution after monitors detect higherthannormal radioactivity. Stunning electricblue flames erupt from volcanoes in Indonesia Central African Republic 'Scene of absolute horror' Cameron UK public is fine with domestic spying Vodka blamed for high death rates in Russia Ukrainian police 'attack wrong protesters' The Mexican government is passing laws that will ban all shark and stingray fishing. This week, they passed a permanent ban on fishing for great white sharks. If a great white is accidentally caught, it must be released. Australian PM denounces Edward Snowden as a traitor Canadian Gov't Responds To Spying Revelations By Saying It's All A Lie And Calling Glenn Greenwald A 'Porn Spy' Tour Operators Fume Over Great Barrier Reef Dumping Plan  They are not looking at scientific fact, they are not looking at protection of the reefthey are just doing what their political masters want. Well, let me tell you, 220 scientists wrote saying 'do not grant this'. UK Secret hearings could allow police to seize journalists' notes if deregulation bill passes A Look at Nine Goldman Sachs Trades That Lost Libya $1 Billion in One Year  Goldman Sachs, however, walked away with roughly $350 million in profits from executing these trades Iceland taps the ultimate renewable energy source Earth's magma  Iceland's National Energy Authority has created the world's first magmabased geothermal energy system after drilling 1.3 miles (2,100 meters) through the Earth's crust. Ban on HIV positive immigrants entering the UK proposed for immigration bill by Tory MP's. Decriminalizing marijuana Could Mexico City be next to light up? New Snowden docs show Canadian spies tracked thousands of travelers India A man spent 10 years in jail because police dog barked at him. Now, Bombay High Court sets him free Australia's plan to dump sediment near Great Barrier Reef sparks outrage More than 100 million cubic feet of sediment will be dumped near the World Heritagelisted reef to make way for one of the world's largest coal ports. Catholic priest who ran rightwing death squad during the Dirty War arrested in Colombia Israeli army preventing Palestinian from sowing land near settlement Now we know Ottawa can snoop on any Canadian. What are we going to do? India Becomes Second Country To Ban Testing On Animals For Household Products Ukraine Police Attacked Dozens of Journalists, Medics Nokia restructures, gives former employees support to create hundreds of new companies Inside 'Billionaires' Row' London's rotting, derelict mansions worth 350m | The North London street where billionaires can buy homes, never live in them, let them rot and still make millions The pop singer daughter of a Mexican cartel boss causes controversy by posing in an outfit covered in the insignia of her father's gang Hundreds of dead animals, many on the endangered lists, found at South Africa airport. Brazil continues to ignore Snowden asylum appeal | Over a million people have signed an online petition to grant asylum to former NSA contractor Edward Snowden in Brazil. However, experts doubt that the country will give in to this demand. Goldman Sachs sued for $1 billion by Libya wealth fund Ukraine unrest EU and US clash with Russia in Munich Brazil Must Offer Edward Snowden Asylum, Glenn Greenwald Says; Greenwald also praised the way the Brazilian government has dealt with the U.S. following allegations of espionage. Egyptian belly dancer and actress Sama Al Masry has just announced that she would run in Egypts upcoming parliamentary elections, and in doing so, she vowed to exact revenge on the Muslim Brotherhood. Kangaroo court orders Indian woman to be gangraped by 13 men for having a relationship with a man from another village Tens of thousands of people have marched to Spain's parliament to protest against the government's new law that aims to restrict abortion, allowing the practice only in cases of rape or serious risk to health. $395 billion global 2012 arms sales US dominates list of top 10 global arms sellers. Number of men claiming to have been sexually assaulted in New Zealand rising steeply How Russia is Fighting to Regain Control of Ukraine Boys 'rented out' for abuse at Salvation Army boys' home at Bexley in Sydney's south Chief economists apparent suicide is the latest in a series of bizarre deaths in the financial world this week Palestinian workers back Scarlett Johansson's opposition to SodaStream boycott Afghanistan Has More Women in National Parliament Seats Than the U.S. Goldman Deal Threatens Danish Government Australia Claims Substantial Progress on Reef Protection in Attempt to Stave Off a 'World Heritage' Downgrade, Despite Govt Approving a Massive Coal Port Expansion & the Reef's Governing Body  Under Investigation for its Links to Mining Okaying the Dumping of Dredge Waste Within its Waters. Beijing Smog Contains Witches' Brew of Microbes  For people racked by dreaded Beijing cough, it's clear that particles are a health problem. But less clear is the impact  or even identity  of microbes also in the brown haze. Study reveals pathogens & allergens in citys air. Volcanic ash smothers part of Indonesia, kills 15 David Cameron has been accused of secretly plotting to pack public bodies with Tory supporters | The Prime Minister came under fire after Labour peer Baroness Morgan was effectively sacked as the chairwoman of schools inspectors Ofsted. UKs January Flooding Surpasses All 247 Yrs of Data on the Books  Last month's seasonal total was higher than any since 1767 & 3 times the average level Israeli security minister slams Kerry over boycott, threatens to invade Gaza Sochi Culling Stray Dogs Ahead of the Olympics BBC News welcomes Chinese New Year with the message Welcome to the year of the whores. People around the globe celebrate White House official urges Japan to respect history Teck smelter spills chemical solution into Columbia River in Canada American Photojournalist James Nachtwey Shot In Thai Violence Syrian Electronic Army hacks eBay and PayPal UK Bullying in armed forces on rise, MoD figures reveal | Call for urgent overhaul of military justice as MP highlights plight of servicewomen alleging sexual offences A court in Egypt has dropped charges against more than 60 supporters of the ousted President Mohammed Morsi, who were arrested last summer