 The Democratic Republic of Congo has banned a film about Congolese surgeon Denis Mukwege, who has treated thousands of women raped during conflict. There is a clear intent to harm and sully the image of our army. Turkish daily exposes transfer of weapons to ISIS Exactly half of Germans are concerned that the strong increase in the number of asylum seekers is overwhelming them and German authorities, a survey showed on Thursday. Australia wants to join India, the United States and Japan in joint naval exercises in the Indian Ocean, widening participation in multilateral drills as China's influence in the region grows. Guatemalan President Otto Perez has resigned after Congress stripped the leader of immunity over corruption allegations and a warrant was issued for his arrest. Plane Debris Found on Reunion Island Definitely from MH370, French Investigators Determine  French investigators confirmed plane debris found on Runion Island is indeed from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which went missing on March 8, 2014 with 239 people on board. Earth has 3 trillion trees but they're falling at alarming rate.The number of trees has fallen by about 46 percent since the start of human civilization and each year there is a gross loss of 15 billion trees and a net loss of 10 billion Bill Nye 'the Science Guy' visits tar sands 'extraordinary exploitation' of environment. Everybody says they feel like the tipping points been reached. Everyone we speak with, where enough is enough kind of thing. Two poachers in Kenya sentenced to pay US$1 million each or else face life in prison Ukraine outbreak brings polio back to Europe, 2 kids paralysed The Pentagon is monitoring Chinese navy ships off the coast of Alaska  right as Obama is wrapping up a trip there Venezuela's Unofficial Inflation Rate Is 808% Flesheating disease on rise in Japan  International Unsheared sheep found wandering in Australia was so wooly he nearly died  ended up having 93 pounds of wool sheared HIV Prevention Drug Appears to Work in First RealWorld Test. Gaza schools expel girls for leaving hair uncovered Italian road authorities disown man to build street. But state doesn't recognise he isn't owner any more. Now he declares his own principality. SodaStream leaves West Bank as CEO says boycott antisemitic and pointless. Bali police see tourists as ATMs 'kick them and they spit out money' The Catholic Church in India is supporting some 150 million workers on a nationwide strike Sept. 2 that shut down factories, banks, traffic and government offices across India The Church is in solidarity with striking workers because we are concerned about their welfare. Isis profits from destruction of antiquities by selling relics to dealers  and then blowing up the buildings they come from to conceal the evidence of looting PA officials reject Netanyahus call for renewal of peace talks Hungary will send back economic migrants Hungarian PM Migrant crisis 'is a German problem' India has added 52 million Internet users in first six months of the year Jordan has a population of 6 million, but have taken in 1.5 million refugees. All with little protest or mass global coverage. Egyptian billionaire wants to buy island to house migrants. People would rather live near wind turbines than fracking wells. Canadian Prime Minister candidate Justin Trudeau promises to legalize marijuana right away if elected Edward Snowden says Hillary Clinton 'ridiculous' to think emails were secure  Snowden said in AlJazeera interview that ordinary government workers would very likely face prosecution for sending classified emails over personal server. 3 Indians get 20 years in jail for raping Japanese student The U.S. is finalizing a $1 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia Amid refugee crisis, Hungary prime minister says Muslims not welcome Viktor Orban says history of Ottoman rule means Hungarians will not accept largescale Muslim immigration More than 1,000 tractors have rolled into Paris as farmers attempted to clog up the capital's roads in protest of their falling incomes. Syria civil war Russians filmed fighting alongside President Assad's forces Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says the very sad images of a Syrian boy lying lifeless on a Turkish beach demonstrate the need for countries to adopt tough policies to stop asylum seekers arriving by boat. Netlfix Has Apparently Reduced Piracy In Australia I want a blueeyed Yazidi  A teenager describes what it's like on the ISIS sexslave market 300 girls hospitalized due to mysterious gas (Afghanistan) Migrant Smuggling in Europe Is Now Worth Billions  With thousands of migrants pouring out of Afghanistan and the Middle East, the business of smuggling them across the Balkans into the European Union has grown even larger than the illicit trade in drugs and weapons Canada gets a C on innovation report card, corporate R&D lowest of 16 countries Drowned Syrian toddlers' family had not applied for Canada entry More than 100,000 asylum seekers enter Germany in August Nice but dim Posh but stupid children do better than poor yet gifted Canadian Forces have no role to play in Syria, Iraq Mulcair One of the Indian women sentenced to be gangraped speaks of her fear South Korea on the Brink of Becoming a Multicultural Country Russian spy ship off the coast of US sub base Georgia Iranian police to confiscate cars of poorly veiled women, says the head of Tehrans traffic police, Gen. Teymour Hosseini Peru Indigenous Seize 11 Oil Wells Demanding Spill Clean Up Putin confirms Russian military involvement in Syria's civil war The BBC plans to propose doing a daily news broadcast into North Korea and a satellite TV service in Russia as part of a drive to counter state propaganda worldwide, reports said. El Chapo's son forgets to switch off location data in Twitter picture A 22yearold antiNazi song tops German charts again  to welcome refugees A crater in Russia, which emerged 10 months ago has tripled in size to become a 120mwide sinkhole. Russian president Vladimir Putin has said that Europe's migrant crisis is payback for the EU blindly following U.S. orders in the Middle East. The Supreme Court of Canada on Friday dismissed an attempt by oil giant Chevron to block Ecuadorian villagers from using an Ontario court to collect billions in damages over rainforest pollution Finland's prime minister says he will share his house with refugees Japanese group sues to stop TPP talks Norway's security services have confirmed that Hassan Dhuhulow, a Norwegian man of Somali decent, was one of the terrorists behind a brutal attack on a Nairobi shopping centre in 2013. The leader of Austria's farright Freedom Party (FPO) has blamed the United States and the NATO Western military alliance for triggering the refugee crisis that has overwhelmed Europe. Snowden Accepts Norwegian Prize via Video Link From Russia German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there is no legal limit to the number of asylum seekers her country can receive. Saudi Arabia is satisfied with assurances from U.S. President Barack Obama about the Iran nuclear deal and believes the agreement will contribute to security and stability in the Middle East, a senior Saudi official said on Friday. New solarpower device can conserve ancient texts in India Supreme Court of Canada rules Ecuadorean villagers can pursue a multi billion pollution lawsuit against Chevron Corp Deadly missile strike launched by Houthi rebels kills 83 coalition troops in Yemen. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Plane 'Landed' On Water, Not Crashed, Investigators Suggest Thousands of refugees take to motorway to walk to Austria from Hungary China backs Putin's idea of developing Russia's Far East Argentina doors are open to welcome Syrian refugees EUs Mogherini fed up with calls to act emotionally to drowned Syrian refugee toddler photo A Palestinian man saved Jewish students from a mob in the West Bank Anticorruption police target more than 20 foreign politicians. British police are targeting more than 20 of the worlds most corrupt politicians involved in laundering millions of pounds through the City in a major expansion of the UKs international antigraft operations. France Confirms Wing Part Found on Reunion is from Missing Malaysian Plane MH370 Pope Francis calls on every Catholic parish in Europe to host one migrant family Urban Myth Confirmed True as Archaeologists Discover Hidden Tunnels in Mexico Large Hadron Collider Produces State of Matter Existing at Birth of Universe. Researchers at the University of Kansas working with an international team at the LHC produced quarkgluon plasma with fewer particles than previously thought possible  A young Tibetan who vanished two decades ago after he was chosen by the Dalai Lama as the secondhighest figure in Tibetan Buddhism is living a normal life and does not want to be disturbed, a senior Chinese official said on Sunday. Massive wildfires are burning around Russia's Lake Baikal  world's largest and oldest freshwater lake  for the last month and a half, and the situation is now close to catastrophic. Alberta government bans logging, mining, and oil and gas expansion in Castle area U.S. Warns Russia Over Military Support for Assad ... such a move might even lead to a confrontation with the Americanled coalition Egyptian belly dancers jailed for 'inciting debauchery' Putin proposes new common currency among former Soviet states to replace the dollar Munich mayor I don't think about numbers, only refugees' safety | Southern German city has become a gateway for people arriving via Austria from Hungary and expects to have received 10,000 this weekend Psychedelic drug emergency at seminar near Hamburg Germany. In what may have been a mass experiment by enthusiasts of 'naturopathic medicine', a synthetic form of methamphetamine sickens 29 people and several had lifethreatening symptoms. Israel working to prevent the next Gaza offensive through 'Palestinian relief'  Israel will add power lines in Gaza, help establish many acres of solar farms in the northern Gaza Strip, and more Japan, US agree to conclude TPP early Snowden attacks Russia's online restrictions, curbs on rights Star pupil who scored zero in all her exams  potential case of injustice and corruption. US concerns over Russia uilding military base in Syria' reports Germany seizes fake Syrian passports in asylum inquiry Teen is paraded down the street by police after 'recruiting other women to fight for ISIS' Israel demolished 143 Palestinian structures in August, the highest such total in five years. The wave of demolitions came amid severe heat waves and has left children homeless as they start the new school year 10 million in silver bullion still not recovered after massive heist in Montreal Canada India Muslim Leaders Condemn ISIS Religious Scholars Endorse Fatwa Lambasting Islamic State Ideology As UnIslamic Edward Snowden attacks Russia over human rights and online freedom In pictures Thousands show support for migrants at Paris rally AntiMuslim Buddhist group moves toward Myanmar's mainstream Immigration News Today Mexico Deportation Rate Outpaces US, Most Deportees Are Not Criminals  US News Mosul Iraqi woman kills senior Isis commander after forcing her to act as sex slave Israel plans to demolish up to 17,000 structures, most of them on privately owned Palestinian land in the part of the illegally occupied West Bank under full Israeli military and civil rule, a UN report has found. Majority of French against easing rules for migrants asking for refugee status Mining industry's new 'coal is amazing' TV ad labelled desperate. Green groups criticise ludicrous Minerals Council of Australia ad which claims coal creates light and jobs and can now reduce its emissions by up to 40% Greek authorities have seized a freighter carrying an undeclared shipment of weapons en route from Turkey to Libya Opposing gay marriage, the Australian leader Tony Abbott faces opposition from his party and family, including his gay sister, Christine Forster Fake Rice made of paper found in China UK to accept 20,000 refugees from Syria by 2020 Giant 'Stonehenge' more than 4,500 years old found buried a mile from ancient stone circle Scientists in Germany have come up with a method for extracting germanium from plants. Nowadays, silicongermanium alloy is indispensable to modern life, crucial in making computers, smartphones and fiberoptic cables. The European Central Bank has refused a request to appear before a parliamentary probe into the Republic of Ireland's banking crisis. The inquiry, set up after the country suffered a catastrophic financial crash in 2008, had asked the ECB to give evidence on its role in the crisis. Israel finds Palestinians with Israeli army uniforms and guns in West Bank counterterror raids Dalai Lama can't deny China central government's role in reincarnation, says China Austria to close borders again after 12,000 refugees enter from Hungary in 48 hours. The Austrian chancellor, Werner Faymann, says emergency measures will be lifted Quebec doctors can now prescribe exercise Huge meteorite falls on earth in Thailand France to prepare for IS air strikes [Canadian] Conservative candidate Jerry Bance caught in CBC sting urinating in homeowner's coffee mug Fire in refugee apartment block in Germany's Ebeleben Yet another settlement for migrants in Ebeleben in central Germany has caught fire. Prosecutors are looking into political motives behind the disaster that occurred shortly after another blaze in a Bavarian refugee home. UN agencies roke and failing' in face of evergrowing refugee crisis Russia We never concealed giving arms to Syria Blast reported at chemical plant in eastern China As thousands of refugees arrive every day in Germany, calls are growing louder from business leaders in Europe's biggest economy to offer them jobs. RAF killed Briton in Syria strike  PM Russian Orthodox Extremist Takes Credit for Destroying Mephistopheles Sculpture in St. Petersburg Homeopathy conference in Germany ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug Germany to Spend $6.6 Billion on 800,000 Refugees and Migrants Two months after Cecil, outrage arises about South African hunt massacre. Hundreds of antelope, wildebeest, baboons, and other animals will be herded along a narrow track while hunters shoot at them from elevated platforms. Until the 1970s, Western Australia stole the wages of thousands of Aboriginal workers. Its been waiting for them to die rather than pay back. Islamist vigilantes face trial for 'Sharia police' who declared that they would patrol the streets to police morals  The Local Germany New Zealand politician says that country should only take women and children refugees from Syria and that men should be told to go back and fight A former Dragons' Den star has been charged with child sex offences. Doug Richard, who acted as an adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron, is accused of three counts of sexual activity with a child and one of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, the Press Association reports. Russian Prime Minister orders all gas stations to install EV charging stations Canada clears way for case against Chevron over 'Amazon Chernobyl'  Ecuadorians seek billions of dollars in compensation from energy giant over mass contamination of rainforest Palestinian man gets death threats for saving US Jewish students from Palestinian mob Syrian refugees in Uruguay say they want to move elsewhere Austria says fight against Islamic State needs Syria's Assad Germany could take 500,000 refugees each year for several years, the countrys vicechancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, has said 700 Germans are fighting for ISIS and the number of women joining keeps growing  Germany's domestic intelligence agency (BfV) fears a growing number of women have gone to Iraq and Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants, its chief said on Wednesday. Left for dead in the Aegean, Syrian teen refugee swims 16 hours back to Turkey Philippines to Roll Out Nationwide Free WiFi Service by 2016 Lesbos 'on verge of explosion' as refugees crowd Greek island  Greeces interior ministry says island of 85,000 inhabitants is currently hosting as many as 17,000 refugees in its capital alone Bulgaria denies air access for Russian supply flights to Syria IKEA's 'Better Shelter' refugee housing units heading to Iraq | MNN David Cameron reveals Islamic State plot to kill the Queen, royals Hit by new wave of refugees, Germany warns EU partners if countries in eastern Europe and elsewhere continued to resist accepting their fair share of refugees, the bloc's open border regime, known as Schengen, would be at risk. Two days after killing 16 soldiers, another bomb attack by PKK in eastern Turkey kills at least 10 police officers Defector Kim Jong Un's days are numbered  CNN.com World is running out of one of the most effective snakebite treatments, putting tens of thousands of lives at risk, warn experts Romania says can take maximum 1,785 refugees, rejects EU quotas Sometimes, 78 men raped us in one daywe thought we were going to die, says woman rescued from Saudi diplomats home in India Japanese group sues to stop TPP talks  A group of citizens has sued the Japanese government, arguing that the Trans Pacific Partnership agreement would violate that nation's constitution UK Parliament to debate making the production, sale and use of cannabis legal on October 12. Saudi Arabian diplomat accused of raping Nepali maids claims diplomatic immunity S. Korea dedicates $100 million to help poor countries fight infectious diseases including Ghana, Ethiopia, Jordan Indian police say they have rescued 2 Nepali women kept as slaves from a Saudi diplomat's residence. Hungarian nationalist TV camera operator filmed kicking refugee children Frankenvirus Emerges From Siberia's Frozen Wasteland Scientists said they will reanimate a 30,000yearold giant virus unearthed in the frozen wastelands of Siberia, and warned climate change may awaken dangerous microscopic pathogens. Camerawoman sacked for tripping up refugee father carrying his child Opening Syrian refugee 'floodgates' too risky for Canada Prime Minister Harper More than 107,000 sign UK petition for arrest of Netanyahu Queen Elizabeth II becomes Britain's longestreigning monarch later when she passes the record set by her greatgreatgrandmother Queen Victoria. Saudi Arabia Bans National Geographic Issue Featuring Pope Francis For Cultural Reasons Khamenei Israel wont survive next 25 years  Taking to Twitter, Iranian leader says Zionists wont find serenity until destruction, calls US Great Satan and rejects any talks with Washington beyond nuke deal Danish police close motorway as refugees march to Sweden Germany promises 50 Mbps broadband for all. Australia to accept additional 12,000 Syrian refugees and provide $44 million financial aid Chinese imports drop 13.8%, casting more doubts about its economy New law allows Irish transgender people to get updated birth certs Huge Russian military planes land in Syria Europeans allowed to sue over privacy breaches in new EUUS data agreement | EU citizens will now be able to sue over data misuse in American courts, as part of a new agreement on data security between the EU and US. It follows years of concern over the reach of the US National Security Agency National Geographic put a GPS tracker inside a fake ivory tusk  heres where it went Czech farrightist calls to put refugees in former concentration camp Syria Abbott wants Christians, not Muslim refugees Palestinian detainee freed after two days, finds home razed National Geographic sold to Fox French court confirms Monsanto guilty of chemical poisoning Top female student takes on corruption in Egypt after scoring zero on exams A new species of human ancestor found, Homo naledi, has been found in South Africa Female cartoonist could have 12 year prison term extended for shaking her lawyer's hand Travelling to work 'is work', European court rules The Amazon tribe protecting the forest with bows, arrows, GPS and camera traps  With authorities ineffective, the 2,200strong Kaapor, in the Brazilian state of Maranho, are taking on the illegal loggers with technology & direct action People climbing onto rooftops to stay alive  Japan is experiencing extreme flooding Finland to raise taxes on the wealthy to cover refugee costs The European Commission and Big Tobacco accused of coverup after heavily redacted documents released.Documents back up fears that TTIP will allow tobacco giants to take legal action against the UK and other European governments who attempt to tighten smoking legislation UK govt calls environmental controls on fracking unnecessary red tape  Added its weight to a behindthescenes lobbying drive by oil & gas firms including BP, Chevron, Shell & ExxonMobil to persuade EU leaders to scrap series of environmental safety measures, according to leaks. A judge in Iran has started sentencing criminals to buy and read books instead of handing down jail terms to avoid irreversible physical and psychological impact on convicts and their families Thailand introduces first law to protect LGBT people German Lawmaker At the Root of Refugee Crisis are Wars Led by the United States in the Middle East More Than 1,000 Indian Muslim Clerics Sign Fatwa Against ISIS Number of Russians Living in Poverty Nears 22 Million China to explore 'dark side' of the moon. China has confirmed it plans to send a spacecraft to land on the moon's dark side before 2020... ISIS claim to be holding Norwegian and Chinese men hostages Karachi 'water mafia' sucking city's pipelines dry. Officials say 30 percent of Pakistan city's water supply is wasted or stolen, worsening an already chronic shortage. Saudis protest intrusion into diplomat's house as Nepalese women recount horror. Sudan's security forces killed, raped and burned civilians alive, says rights group. Human Rights Watch report catalogues appalling acts carried out by Sudans Rapid Support Forces during two military campaigns in Darfur. UN 96,000 children are starving and close to death in the port city of alHodeidah in Yemen Egyptian researchers developed a costeffective method for cleaning saltwater in just minutes NonEU countries Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, and Liechtenstein will have to agree to relocate asylum seekers in the latest EU scheme or face possible penalties Russian troops join combat in Syria Child poverty in Scotland is now so severe that teachers are being sent advice on how to spot if a child in their class is going hungry Muslim radicals in Germany are trying to recruit some of the growing numbers of asylum seekers reaching the country Al Qaeda Leader AlZawahiri Declares War on ISIS 'Caliph' AlBaghdadi Cereal banned from Zimbabwe schools after pupils brewed beer Palestine flag to fly at UN headquarters after majority vote Hundreds of thousands of Catalans gather in Barcelona, calling for secession from Spain Citi's Chief Economist Says China Is 'Financially Out of Control' Black Mamba female rangers awarded for antipoaching efforts  A mostly female antipoaching unit known as the Black Mambas in South Africa won the United Nations top environmental prize this week. Saudi diplomat case Waive immunity, Delhi tells Riyadh. There is prima facie evidence of abuse, sodomy and rape by the diplomat and his fatherinlaw North Korea says defectors are liars and that people who stay behind are happy Obama Directs Administration to Accept 10,000 Syrian Refugees U.S. government officials have blocked the release of 116 pages of defense lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanamo Bay detainee Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody Researchers at Alexandria University in Egypt have unveiled a costeffective desalination technology which can filter highly salty water in minutes. Australia Peter Dutton overheard joking about rising sea levels in Pacific Island nations Europe migrant crisis Hungary 'will arrest illegal migrants' UK MPs reject 'right to die' law TPP protesters occupy Prime Minister's office World nuclear capacity set to grow by 45% by 2035 Scientists Poorer nations outdo wealthier ones on climate pledges  Developed countries ought to be embarrassed. Ethiopia & Morocco have been considerably more transparent than China & Canada. Mexico was really better than US or EU in terms of plans. Turkish Teen Gets Suspended Sentence for Insulting Erdogan Female cartoonist on indecency charge for shaking man's hand Thousands petition to free Atena Farghadani US intelligence chief says Iraq, Syria may not survive as states, could split along ethnic, sectarian lines 50 kg of gold stolen from Egyptian Mint Authority. Russia World must arm Syrian government against IS Astronomers resort to crowdfunding to save Australia's Mopra Radio Telescope 52 People Killed After Crane Falls in Mecca's Grand Mosque Obama says that Chinese cyberhacking is 'unacceptable'. The White House said he will no longer stay at New York's Waldorf Astoria hotel, which was bought by a Chinese company last year. Obama also said that China should fear confrontation online I guarantee you we will win if we have to. Germany houses asylum seekers at former Nazi concentration camp Buchenwald The premier of British Columbia, Christy Clark, has advised Miley Cyrus to stick to what she knows, twerking and provocative dancing, rather than getting her followers up in arms about a wolf cull in that province, which Clark says is to help protect endangered caribou. The TransPacific Partnership would kill Canadian auto jobs says Unifor, the union that represents thousands of autoworkers in this country. Hungry, aggressive polar bears lay siege to Russian weather station Vodafone illegally accessed the mobile phone records of Fairfax investigative journalist Natalie O'Brien to find the sources of her story, according to a leaked email. Russian cosmonaut sets new record in space | Russia's Gennady Padalka has returned from his fifth space mission spending a cumulative 879 days in space, a new record. The threeperson crew touched down safely in Kazakhstan. At least 60 killed in Indian restaurant gas explosion $11mn, 36hour historic head transplant to be carried out in China in 2017 Egyptian prime minister, cabinet resign Hundreds of Tunisians have gathered in the heart of the capital under heavy security to protest against a law which offers amnesty for those accused of corruption A Strong El Nino Is Here, and Likely To Last Through Winter and Spring, NOAA Says India To Buy Attack Drones From Israel For $400 Million Report New Canadian study analyzing 35 years of US General Social Survey data, finds no empirical link between growth pornography availability via the internet, and aggressive behavior against women. Russia to U.S. talk to us on Syria or risk 'unintended incidents' FBI says The famous Australian 'IS jihadist' is actually a Jewish American troll named Joshua Ryne Goldberg. A former French minister stirred up controversy Friday after saying Germany took our Jews and gave us Arabs as France began taking some of the thousands of refugees arriving in Germany More than 430,000 refugees and migrants have crossed the Mediterranean to Europe so far in 2015, a record number that is more than double the total for the whole of last year Fleeing war, Syrian refugees bike across Arctic border U.S. Drops Charges That Professor Shared Technology With China New wave of refugees possible due to cuts in UN aid | International aid to Syrian refugees is drying up. The emergency could mean that soon more and more longterm refugees living in Arab transit countries will come to Europe. China Tells U.S. to Stop 'Groundless' Hacking Accusations Accused Canadian terror suspect tries to convert a prisoner, earns a jailhouse beatdown Militant group in Gaza (Jaish alIslam) pledges allegiance to ISIS in communiqu A 200 yr old tree in Ireland is blown over during storm to reveal an early medieval skeleton within the roots Sweden wants Russia to explain threats over NATO Entry Sweden has called in Russia's ambassador to explain comments by a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman who said any Swedish decision to join NATO would have consequences that would compel Russia to respond Climate change talks in Paris our 'last chance', say Pacific islands 'This is not politics, it's survival'.The Pacific island nations whose very existence is threatened by rising sea levels have issued a desperate plea to Australia and New Zealand. Some 20,000 people are protesting against Moldova's government for the eighth straight day, demanding a probe into the estimated $1.5 billion that disappeared from three Moldovan banks Germany 'to start border controls' Twelve major banks have tentatively agreed to pay $1.87 billion to settle allegations that they colluded to fix prices and lock out competitors Nations using child soldiers are invited to British arms fair | New figures reveal that of the 23 countries listed by the UN for grave violations against children or where child soldiers are used, the UK sold military equipment to 19 during the past five years. Munich has run out of space for refugees, says mayor, as crisis pushes German city to 'the limit Norwegian politicians propose putting refugees on Svalbard  remote Arctic islands with more polar bears than people Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Is A 'Threat To National Security', David Cameron Claims In Tweet Leader of Al Qaeda Belittles Leader of ISIS as Not Worthy In a blistering new message, [Ayman alZawahiri] denounces [Abu Bakr alBaghdadi] as the illegitimate leader of a phony caliphate. A Man Found a Chunk of Whale Vomit Worth $10,000  The vomit contained ambergris, a substance produced inside whales' stomachs, which can be used to create the musky smell in perfume. Woman On Alan Kurdi Boat Claims Drowned Toddler's Father Is A People Smuggler Al Qaeda leader Ayman alZawahri has called on young Muslim men in the United States and other Western countries to carry out attacks within their countries and urged greater unity between militants. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said that beginning next week, immigrants found crossing into the country illegally will be arrested Hungary has accused the Austrian chancellor of making comments unworthy of a 21st century leader after he described the country's asylum seeker policies as reminiscent of Naziera Germany. Germany's Merkel sees need to cooperate with Russia on Syria A UKfunded memorial to Kenyans killed and tortured by British forces during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s has been unveiled in the Kenyan capital. Belgium 'Ready' To Send Troops To Syria After Order Is Restored Scottish nationalists will propose holding a new referendum on independence from the rest of Britain, Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Sunday [13 September 2015]. First confirmed double meteorite crater discovered in Sweden Knife and Car Attacks on Kurdish Rallys in Germany and Switzerland Leave Many Injured Federal government will match up to $100 million for Syria aid, while Ontario hopes to resettle 10,000 refugees Thousands flock to antimigrant demos in E.Europe French consul in Turkey suspended for boat sales to migrants Malcom Turnbull becomes Prime Minister of Australia after Tony Abbott rejected by Liberal party El Nino set to be strongest ever. The most powerful weather pattern of its type in the past 65 years will have huge impacts on weather around the globe. 12 Mexican Tourists and Egyptians Killed After Security Forces Misidentify Them As Terrorists Police drop VIP Westminster paedophile ring murder probe over lack of evidence A Chinese woman suspected of stealing a $300,000 (195,000) diamond in the Thai capital, Bangkok, has had the jewel surgically removed from her intestines. Iran's President Rouhani sends message for Jewish new year  May our shared Abrahamic roots deepen respect and bring peace and mutual understanding. L'Shanah Tovah. Australia A former teacher from one of Australia's most distinguished families of judges has avoided jail after being convicted of filming up the skirts of his students and possessing ( over 9000 images) child abuse material. In a remarkable technical feat, researchers have sequenced DNA from fossils in Spain that are about 300,000 to 400,000 years old and have found an ancestoror close relativeof Neanderthals. Don't return, a Sydney uni student is told after his father 'disappears' in China Bolivia proposes commercialization of the coca leaf Japan's Mount Aso volcano erupts Historian understood to have found first use of word f*** in 1310 English court case Two suspected terrorists linked to Boko Haram are charged with horrendous acid attack on holidaying British teenagers El Nino could make 2015 'the hottest year on record'... and 2016 will be even hotter. The findings will demolish claims by climate sceptics that the slowdown in the rate of global warming over the past 17 years proves that scientists concerns are exaggerated. Goldman Sachs report Oil headed to $20 a barrel. Economist says it's unlikely because There are too many big financial players that have been buying up oil they would just start buying up the companies and shutting down production themselves Iran's President Wishes Jews a Happy Rosh Hashana Egypt Begins Digging Moat To Protect Itself from Hamas The moat is intended to prevent the MuslimBrotherhood affiliate in Gaza from digging smuggling tunnels into Egypt. Vivienne Westwood drives tank to David Cameron's house in antifracking protest. Three critically endangered Javan rhinoceros calves where spotted on camera in an Indonesian national park, much to the excitement of staff and rhino lovers. Obama Administration Accused of Ignoring Geneva Conventions in Refusal to Release 74Pound Guantanamo Detainee Taliban storms Afghan jail with suicide bombers, releases over 350 prisoners NASA Launching 4K TV Channel The Egyptian army announced it has killed 64 alleged Islamic State (IS) militants in North Sinai Saturday Oxfam Increasing inequality plunging millions more Europeans into poverty.Between 2009 and 2013, the number of Europeans living without enough money to heat their homes or cope with unforeseen expenses, known as severe material deprivation, rose by 7.5 million to 50 million people Czech PM insists migrant quotas 'won't work' Egyptian Billionaire who wants to purchase private islands to house refugees, has identified potential locations and is now in talks to purchase two private Greek islands The UN Says US Drone Strikes in Yemen Targeting al Qaeda Have Killed More Civilians Than al Qaeda Saudis Accused of Not Taking Refugees Despite 100K Empty Tents Denmark has said it will not participate in the EUs plans to resettle some 160,000 refugees. US troops return to Iraq to battle Islamic State West 'ignored Russian offer in 2012 to have Syria's Assad step aside' Hungary Declares Emergency As It Blocks Migrants At Border Whales to gain 'longsought protections' as navy limits sonar use, activists say Thousands of refugees may lose right of asylum under EU plans  Brussels meeting is expected to call for establishment of refugee camps in Italy and Greece and for detention of irregular migrants Two decades of frontierfree travel across Europe unraveled on Monday as countries reestablished border controls in the face of an unprecedented influx of migrants, which broke the record for the most arrivals by land in a single day. According to a new study, half of the sea turtles on the planet have ingested some form of plastic. This comes just days after another study (with some of the same researchers involved) reported similar findings in seabirds  some 90 percent of which have consumed plastic. Tens of thousands of people have already left Central America for the United States, fleeing violence and poverty.Extreme weather could drive further migration from the Central American countries, particularly Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador. Tourists interrupt endangered turtle reproduction season in Costa Rican beach FOIA Reveals TPP Has Immigration Chapter Australian mother on trial for genital mutilation Hundreds quarantined as Ebola returns to north Sierra Leone district They are calling it the great Indian gold rush. Within months, Indian officials are expected to auction licences for new gold mines across the country, and abandoned colonialera mines are set to be revived. Okinawa governor to block construction of new US airbase Takeshi Onaga says he will revoke permits for offshore base in Henokos pristine waters, opposing Japans central government Ex FIFA adviser Blatter should face a criminal investigation for TV rights deal City officials have suspended the mayor of Bucharest who is under arrest on suspicion of taking bribes worth 25,000 euros ($28,000) from companies working for the city hall. Canadian banks helping clients bend rules to move money out of China Poland & Sweden agree to intensify military cooperation North Korea 'restarts nuclear operations' | BBC Teen Arrested for Planning Alleged ISISInspired Attack on Pope 'Syria Is Emptying' Tuna and mackerel populations suffer catastrophic 74% decline, research shows Australian Government introduces No Jab No Pay legislation, preventing parents of unvaccinated children from receiving childcare benefits. Norway will soon pay Brazil the final instalment of a $1bn payment for slowing the rate at which the Amazon rainforest is cut down, and is in talks about a further scheme. Air Canada pilot diverts international flight to save dog from freezing. Nepal to stay secular, proposal for a Hindu nation rejected 'If you are worried about refugees, stop supporting terrorists'  Assad interview Exxon's Own Research Confirmed Fossil Fuels' Role in Global Warming Decades Ago | Over the past several years a clear scientific consensus has emerged, Cohen wrote in September 1982, reporting on Exxon's own analysis of climate models. Scared By Russia, Sweden And Poland Make War Pact Netherlands bans wild animals in circuses Hungary convicts migrant for illegally crossing into country, first conviction under new law Germany can stop cash for jobless EU migrants  The European Court of Justice ruled on Tuesday that Germany can deny basic welfare payments to European migrants  even if they've previously had a job in the country. The Leap Manifesto, an ambitious plan to end fossil fuel subsidies, increase income taxes on corporations and the wealthy, cut military spending and implement a progressive carbon tax, signed by at least one hundred notable Canadian personalities David Attenborough backs huge Apollostyle clean energy research plan Google to raise $11 million for refugee crisis in Europe in 11 donationmatching campaign UK drops out of top 10 renewable energy ranking for 1st time  Conservative govt has sentenced renewable energy to death by 1000 cuts & left investors puzzled, says EY report. Weve entered a really weird phase where weve almost got govt energy policy being set in a vacuum. Pope warns religious orders Take in refugees, or pay property taxes. Iranian Female Soccer Star Faces HusbandImposed Travel Ban WWF  Failing fisheries and poor ocean health starving human food supply. Their report shows a decline of 49 per cent of marine populations between 1970 and 2012. Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour can win the 2020 general election by creating a radical grassroots movement.They call us deficit deniers; they spend billions cutting taxes for the richest families and for the most profitable businesses. What they are is poverty deniers, Croatia says it will allow migrants to travel on to northern Europe  opening up a new route a day after Hungary sealed its border with Serbia. Flying Korea's farmed dogs to safety  Our goal is to end the dogmeat industry in Korea, Turkish presidents office says insulting president not within freedom of expression Saudi suspends Binladen group over Mecca crane crash  royal court AnheuserBusch InBev, the maker of Budweiser and Corona, said Wednesday it has approached rival SABMiller Plc for a potential takeover that would combine the world's two biggest brewers China stocks resume sharp slide as economic worries mount Efficiency up, turnover down Sweden experiments with sixhour working day | World news | The Guardian 7.9Magnitude Earthquake Strikes off the Coast of Chile HPV vaccine should be free for boys, says mother who paid $340 The vaccine is free for girls in Grade 6, but costs more than $300 for boys US priests accused of sex abuse get a second chance by relocating to South America  The Catholic Church has allowed priests accused of sexually abusing children in the United States and Europe to relocate to poor parishes in South America, a yearlong investigation has found. BBC News A Russian prank caller has said he and a colleague tricked Sir Elton John into thinking President Vladimir Putin had called him to discuss gay rights Nobel director regretted Obama peace prize. Saudi Arabia Juvenile prisoner faces 'death by crucifixion' after appeal is dismissed University of Sydney Student Smashes NASA Record For Fuel Efficiency; Mars and Back on a Tank of Fuel Iceland's capital declares boycott of Israeli goods Tsunami alert as Chile hit by powerful 7.9 earthquake Final push for TPP set for end of September School ordered to pay student $1 million for sex abuse by female principal of ultraorthadox Jewish school. Principal fled to Israel and is fighting extradition. Migrants break through police lines on CroatiaSerbia border I am racist and my racism based on Islam, says supreme council member of Malaysia's ruling party Czech President Refugees from Ukraine should be included in EU's refugee quotas Rising number of employees reporting mental health issues. More than two fifths of employers have seen increase in workers reporting conditions such as depression or anxiety UK Judge gives Asian pedophile harsher sentence when victims were Asian because Asian sex crime victims suffer more than whites. Exxon Believed Deep Dive Into Climate Research Would Protect Its Business | 1979 memo It behooves us to start a very aggressive defensive program in the indicated areas of atmospheric science and climate because there is a good probability that legislation affecting our business will be passed. Jewish Man Dies as Rocks Pelt His Car in East Jerusalem World Wide Fund for Nature says nearly half the world's marine animals wiped out in single generation The emergency edition of WWF's Living Blue Planet Report revealed a 49 per cent decline in marine vertebrate populations between 1970 and 2012. For some fish this figure was almost 75 per cent. Threatened, starved Cook reveals life at Saudi Diplomat's house Global study reveals soaring antibiotic resistance in India Burkina Faso 'coup' Presidential guard dissolves government Malicious Cisco router backdoor found on 79 more devices, 25 in the US Russian Authorities Close Down American Center in Moscow The Russian government has shut down the U.S. Embassy's American Center in Moscow after 22 years in operation Brazil's Supreme Court has banned corporate contributions to political campaigns and parties Investigation finds Exxon knew about CO2's effect on the climate since 1977, but ignored internal research and warnings Islamic extremist shot dead in Berlin after stabbing police officer Man sentenced to death in Saudi Arabia will be crucified Finland has a strike  over 30 000 people have gathered in the rain to protest against the government, no public transport working, stores closed Cameron gives top environment policy job to oil man ahead of major climate talks India is not an 'ITsuperpowerut an 'ITlabour contractor' as it lacks innovation  Indian Minister Bid to inspect Israeli nuclear site blocked Burkina Faso just had a coup that put the military junta into power. Protests have begun. Ukraine bans journalists who 'threaten national interests' from country Refugee Kicked By Camerawoman Gets Job as Soccer Coach in Spain Skeletons of 200 Napoleonic troops found in Germany First 'zeroemissions' hydrogen filling station opens. It uses electricity generated by a wind turbine to split water into its constituent parts hydrogen and oxygen. For the second time in two years, a captive snake in southeast Missouri has given birth without any interaction with a member of the opposite sex. A new report ties the Russian government to a sevenyear malware campaign Germany seeks stricter limits on migrants, rolling back welcome mat One million Yemenis ready to invade Saudi Arabia according to Iranian Press Israeli police could use live sniper fire against Palestinian rock throwers under Benjamin Netanyahu plan Japan passes new military bill, Scuffling ensues. Russia says ready for talks with United States on Syria Farmers in northern France have been ordered to destroy this year's produce because of pollution caused by World War One armaments left in the soil 'Supergonorrhoea' outbreak in Leeds In egalitarian Sweden, richer regions reluctant to share refugee burden China Is Building The Mother Of All Reputation Systems To Monitor Citizen Behavior Half a million children have fled attacks by the Islamist group Boko Haram over the past five months, the UN children's agency says. Elephants Shot With Poison Arrows Travel To Humans For Help Japan passes law allowing troops to fight abroad Croatia says it can take no more migrants They will get food, water and medical help, and then they can move on. The European Union must know that Croatia will not become a migrant 'hotspot'. We have hearts, but we also have heads. Croatian Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic A WikiLeaks document appears to show US plans to destabilize Syria back in 2006 The president of Canada's largest private sector union says the TransPacific Partnership could have catastrophic effects on the nation's economy. Operation Smile in India saves 19,000 missing children from Slavery, abuse UK new counterextremism bill, which will ban nonviolent extremists, risks provoking a backlash in Britains Muslim communities a government watchdog has warned. Cameron have defined extremism as as vocal or active opposition to fundamental British values. Russia Warns Poland After WWII Monument Pulled Down Russia has threatened Poland with most serious consequences for pulling down a monument to a Soviet World War II general Advanced Ligo labs in the US, designed to detect ripples in gravitational waves permeating through the universe, are up and running It's sort of like we've been deaf to the Universe until now, and turning on these detectors is like turning on our ears. 'Bad news on ISIS wasn't welcome' We know more about how US officials reportedly cooked ISIS intel Witnesses Egypt flooding tunnels to Gaza Strip 500,000 Children Forced To Flee Boko Haram Hungary seizes migrant train from Croatia, disarms 40 Croatian police and arrests train driver Germany's Oktoberfest kicks off in Munich  Golden days have come again in Germany for keen beerdrinkers and sausageeaters the 182nd Oktoberfest has begun in Munich after the tapping of the first keg. The festival is expected to draw 6 million visitors. Three Guatemalan activists working in the northern part of the country have been kidnapped following a landmark court ruling against palm oil manufacturer Repsa UN officials have openly criticized the the virtual silence with regards to civilian suffering in the Yemeni conflict from the world community, warning that unless violence on the ground is stopped via political compromise more people will suffer. A group of British aviation enthusiasts committed to seeing Concorde fly again has revealed it has the funds to purchase one of the supersonic jets and bring it back into service within the next four years. Hungary's Foreign Minister Warns of Up to 35 Million Migrants Coming to Europe Claims a 240yearold bottle of wine was uncorked in Crimea for former Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi and Russian President Vladimir Putin have sparked a probe in Ukraine. The researchers from Sunshine Coast University (SCU) and the University of New England (UNE), Australia have discovered that the Aboriginal people keep the oral tradition story passed on for generations about the sealevel rise dating back to over 7 000 years ago. The worlds largest Delta 3D printer can print nearly zerocost housing out of mud 1,100 crossingborder refugees apprehended by Slovenian police Migrant crisis Croatia will 'force' Hungary to take migrants Iranian crowds chanting 'death to America' don't mean it personally, says president Hassan Rouhani China Calls On North Korea To Halt Planned Space Launch, Nuclear Test. Anger after Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel' Taxi drivers snarl up Brussels in antiUber protest. Belgian deputy PM says Improve customer experience. Invest in technology. Innovate the business. All things the taxi sector could do instead of strike South Korea, host of the 2018 Winter Games, has been accused of bulldozing a 500yearold virgin forest to make room for an Olympic ski slope. Egyptian billionaire I found the island I want to buy for refugees British Army 'could stage mutiny under Corbyn', says senior serving general Parents protest forced circumcision of children At least 25 children at Uganda school subjected to forced genital mutilation without parent's consent Rouhani Iranian 'Death to America' chants aimed at US policies, not American people. Rouhani listed the US backing of Iraq during the IranIraq War as one of the historical instances that Tehran holds against Washington. Antimigrant demo in Finnish border town over refugee influx Man killed 6 people in Japan found out to be Brother of Prisoner for Killing 25 citizens in Peru Volkswagen could face $18 billion penalties from EPA MI5 pays UK Muslims to spy on terror suspects. UK intelligence agency has paid up to 2,000 for reports on alleged radical activity Nepal passes secular constitution amid protests Glyphosate harms bees' spatial learning  study shows not just neonicotinoids impair bees' ability to navigate, glyphosate has been found to have the same impact even at very low levels Canada to accept 10,000 Syrians within one year Reykjavk to Cancel Boycott of All Israeli Products One Of Princess Diana's Charity Missions Completed 18 Years After Her Death German interior minister calls for limits on migrants to EU. The US and China are secretly negotiating what could become the first arms control accord for cyberspace Indonesia arrests seven company executives for illegal forest fires  A senior executive of plantation company Bumi Mekar Hijau is one of those held for suspected environmental crimes, as part of a wider drive to combat the pollution haze crisis Taliban gunmen attack Pakistan air force base, 42 killed Egyptian military floods vital Gaza supply tunnels on Palestinian border Finland Imposes Migration Controls at Swedish Border Syrian Refugee Crisis Albania Says It Will Take 75,000 Seeking Asylum Pakistan bombs Taliban hideouts after deadly raid on military base Germany redirects flow of migrants to avoid Oktoberfest Festival Volkswagen has admitted to using software on VW and Audi branded cars to cheat U.S. diesel emissions tests, shares plunge more than 20 percent. Saudi Teenager Ali Mohammed alNimr Has Been Sentenced to Death by Crucifixion German woman, 91, is charged with 260,000 counts of accessory to murder as prosecutors accuse her of being a Nazi SS radio operator who served in Auschwitz New Zealand Zoo Won't Euthanize Tiger That Killed Zookeeper Hungary passes law allowing govt to use army in asylum seeker crisis. According to the law, the army would be allowed to use rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns Hungary places ads in Lebanese press warning off migrants...Do not listen to the people smugglers. Hungary will not allow illegal immigrants to cross its territory. Ruble fall causes wage parity between Russia and China The devaluation of the ruble has put average salaries in Russia on par with those in China The Obama administration will increase the number of refugees the United States is willing to accept to 100,000 annually in 2017, a significant increase over the current worldwide cap of 70,000, Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday. PYD Syrian refugee tripped by Hungarian journalist was member of radical alNusra Front SodaStream offers 1,000 jobs to Syrian refugees in Israel. Company, which was targeted by BDS over its West Bank plant, says it could employ refugees in southern Israel Saudi official We wont cooperate with Israel as long as Palestine is occupied Russian embassy in Damascus comes under mortar fire  foreign ministry No European country `can be exempt` from taking in refugees Hollande Attempts to protect Australias Great Barrier Reef are failing report | Australia's Great Barrier Reef is still being damaged by the effects of climate change and farming, a report says. It says efforts to improve water quality are falling far short of the targets that have been set Pirate Bay What Raid? Police Never Got Our Servers Pacific Islanders Plead for Urgent Climate Action as Seas Rise  The village where Anote Tong attended school some 40 years ago is no longer there. As the Pacific Ocean encroached on the settlement, the villagers left for higher ground. ISIS Defectors Reveal Growing Disillusionment Ministry of Defence condemns serving army general behind Jeremy Corbyn 'mutiny' threat  Some Conservatives also expressed disquiet with rightwing MEP Daniel Hannan describing the general as an 'idiot Apple's App Store infected with malware in China Islamic rebels free 2 American hostages held in Yemen Israel to bring in 20,000 Chinese construction workers Reports Russian troops refusing deployment to Syria At least 55 people killed by three bomb blasts in Nigeria Climate Change Will Boost Arctic Mosquito Population Greece opposition concedes defeat, Syriza poised to retain power Another drug Cycloserine sees a 2000% price jump overnight as patent sold to pharmaceutical company. The ensuing backlash caused the companies to reverse their deal. Expert says If it weren't for all of the negative publicity the original 2,000 per cent price hike would still stand. Hedge fund trader Martin Shkreli who raised the price HIV drug by 5,000% asked how he sleeps at night. His reply You know, Ambien American soldiers told to ignore sexual abuse of boys by Afghan allies An engineer who once worked for Russia's military intelligence has been sentenced to 14 years in prison for seeking a job at a Swedish company VW emissions scandal hits 11m vehicles world wide Israeli Police Can Now Use Snipers Against Teenagers Throwing Stones Fewer than one in 20 lobbyists are covered by the governments new lobbying register, according to a report warning that the public are being left in the dark about those trying to influence UK policy. Seeds removed from doomsday seed vault as a result of Syrian civil war Archaeologists have discovered a PreRoman era tomb in perfect condition at Pompeii IS executes 10 people accused of being gay in Syria monitor UStrained Division 30 rebels etrayed US and hand weapons over to alQaeda's affiliate in Syria' Disputed EU migrant plan voted in  EU ministers approve plans to relocate 120,000 migrants, with Hungary and Czech Republic among four voting against Scientists release 'complete' tree of life which shows how 2.3 million species are related Report Israel tells Jordan that it's breaching Temple Mount status quo  Channel Two reports that Israel has sent messages to Jordan that armed rioters were being allowed to sleep in alAksa Russia launches drones in Syria China's cyberespionage putting enormous strain on relations, U.S. says Facebook accused of spying on Belgian citizens like the NSA German Stocks Fall More Than 3%, Pulled Down by Volkswagen Midwife in the Indian state of Assam registered herself as pregnant 85 times in 6 months to get monetary benefit from a statesponsored scheme. Exxon Confirmed Global Warming Consensus in 1982 with InHouse Climate Models. The company chairman would later mock climate models as unreliable while he campaigned to stop global action to reduce fossil fuel emissions. Syrian asylumseeker in Germany filmed boasting of having killed for ISIS Syrian refugee tripped over by Hungarian journalist was part of Al Qaeda's Nusra front according to PYD Land Degradation, Desertification Might Create 50 Million Climate Refugees Within A Decade.Desertification also threatens water availability and quality that is believed to have played a key role in pushing Syria toward a brutal, protracted civil war that has cost nearly 300,000 lives. European Union officials will forge ahead with a controversial plan to begin labeling products produced in Israeli settlements in the Occupied West Bank, East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights German police conduct raids in Berlin's Islamist scene German police say they have carried out several raids in Berlin targeting people suspected of recruiting for Islamic State in Syria. Hundreds of officers were involved in the operation. Pharmaceuticals CEO who raised HIV drug price by 5,000% 'also hiked cost of pill taken by children with incurable kidney disease' Norway rewards Brazil with $1 billion for keeping the Amazon full of trees Volkswagen hires BP oil spill lawyers to defend emissions cases Turing to roll back pricing for Daraprim amid controversy Ginger extremist convicted in royal death plot so Prince Harry can be king Martin Winterkorn resigns as Volkswagen CEO Pope Francis to Dine With Homeless Rather Than Lawmakers Thursday This 16yearold won the Google Science Fair with a cheap and easy way to detect Ebola. The commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan said Tuesday he expects U.S. personnel to report to military superiors any allegations of sexual abuse of boys by Afghan forces. He added that Afghan President Ashraf Ghani has assured him the government will not tolerate abuse of its children The professional hunter, who helped American dentist kill Zimbabwes popular lion Cecil, rearrested Monday on new charges of planning to smuggle 29 rare sable antelope out of the country Indigenous site 'older than pyramids' in Perth freeway's path taken off heritage register Indigenous activist who helped close polluting Guatemala palm oil factory shot dead PissedOff UN Interns Protest Unpaid Internships Outside UN Headquarters After 60 million years of extreme living, seabirds are crashing  A new study finds that the worlds seabird populations have plummeted by almost 70% in just 60 yrs. Iran has given permission for five Americans to study in a Tehran University masters program  a reakthrough,' the department head says. Others are enrolling in Persian language classes. 91 Year Old Woman To Be Charged With 260,000 Counts Of Accessory To Murder At Auschwitz Nazi Death Camp Putin opens the biggest mosque in Russia , praises Russian Muslims for rejecting extremists . World's largest 3D mud printer makes dirt cheap homes at public debut in Italy Hillary Clinton comes out against Keystone XL pipeline project  Breaks months of silence & says it's not in the best interests of what we need to do to combat climate change. Pipeline would move crude from Alberta tar sands to Texas Gulf Coast. The Israeli secret service is suspected of being behind a series of mysterious yet highly sophisticated cyberspying attacks on decisive negotiations over Irans nuclear programme held at luxury hotels across Europe earlier this year, Swiss media has reported. Canadians eating less meat, taking a bite out of food industrys margins David Cameron says Europe must get better at sending migrants home Eight Million Tons of Plastic Dumped in Ocean Every Year A civil lawsuit against Volkswagen was filed Tuesday in Sao Paulo accusing the company of allowing the torture and detention of employees opposed to Brazil's former military dictatorship Diesel worse than the black plague and responsible for 50,000 premature deaths a year in the UK alone  Skoda and Seat models in the UK were also fitted with the EA189 engine VW used to cheat US emissions tests Canadian mining company Barrick Gold leaks a million liters of cyanide into river in Argentina Nigerian troops free 241 women, children in Boko Haram camps, arrest kingpin. Hajj 100 dead and 390 injured in Mina stampede The Associate Press will no longer use the term skeptic for those who deny climate change. German commander in charge of antiISIS coalition in Iraq has been found dead in his hotel room in Irbil. This incident is under investigation and further information will be released as appropriate, UK, France and Germany lobbied for flawed car emissions tests, documents reveal. Countries publicly calling for investigations into VW emissions rigging scandal have privately fought to keep loopholes in car tests for carbon emissions Car industry uried report revealing US car safety flaws over fears for TTIP deal' India to supply generic cancer drug to US Volkswagen CEO Likely to Get $32 Million Pension After Leaving Radicalisation Awareness Kit The Australian Government's new booklet for schools links green activism, 'alternative music' to terrorism Vladimir Putin plans air strikes in Syria if no US deal reached Report British National Health Service uncovers 1,000 female genital mutilation cases in England Ali Mohammed alNimr crucifixion UN issues urgent call for Saudi Arabia to stay execution of juvenile offender ISIS Defectors claim ISIS teaches The Principles of the Islamic State, not the principles of Islam. Student 'accused of being a terrorist' for reading book on terrorism After Volkswagen Revelation, Auto Emissions Tests Come Under Global Scrutiny  In the United States, automakers conduct their own emissions tests and submit the results to the government. In Europe, automakers pick who conducts the tests and where they are done. BMW Drops on Report That X3 Diesel's Emission Exceeded EU Limit Pope Warns Of 'Critical Moment' On Climate Syrian forces pound ISIS with new Russian aircraftAt least 38 Islamic State fighters were killed over the last 24 hours as Syrian jets continued to pound the extremist group's strongholds in the ancient city of Palmyra China to prosecute three over butchered panda Turnbull government considers blocking singer Chris Brown from entering Australia because of his domestic violence record Europe has the worlds highest rates of drinking and smoking, and more than half its people are too fat, putting them at high risk of heart disease, cancer and other deadly illnesses Explosion hits mosque in Yemen capital The Syrian war has caused the firstever withdrawal from the 'doomsday vault'  Svalbard Global Seed Vault Dalai Lama says female successor must be attractive 'otherwise not much use' U.S. drug company sues Canada for trying to lower cost of $700Kayear drug. S. Korean court rules that any politician that receives bribe over $900 will be removed from office A 19yearold who plotted a massacre at his former college has been jailed for life with a minimum term of eight years. 40% more people are homeless than when David Cameron swept into Number 10 Boko Haram leader cant read Quran, nor perform Islamic prayers 9 megacompanies, including Walmart, Nike, and Starbucks, commit to 100% clean energy Cannabis 'forest' discovered in southwest London The stampede was caused by a Prince and 200 guards Iran has led growing criticism of Saudi Arabia after at least 717 people died and 863 were injured in a stampede near the holy city of Mecca on Thursday. Pope's climate push is 'raving nonsense' without population control, says top US scientist Swiss officials to start formal proceedings against Fifa President Sepp Blatter GCHQ surveillance has been tracking browsing history of every web user from porn visited websites to mobile locations 65% of Taiwanese feel they are an independent nation apart from China Renewable energy outstrips coal for first time in UK electricity mix. Wind, solar and bioenergy surge to supply a record 25% of the countrys electricity for a whole quarter Tax on sugary drinks favored by most New Zealanders Uber banned in belgium, gets 21 days to cease operations rules court Volkswagen rigged tests on 2.8 million cars in Germany, Berlin says Russian fighter jets enter Syria with transponders off U.N. Agencies Told to Leave East Ukraine Finland demonstrators attack refugees with stones and fireworks The third recorded global coral bleaching event may be underway. It's like watching a slowmotion train wreck, and were waiting for the cars to pile up on this side of the track, says Mark Eakin, the coordinator of NOAA's Coral Reef Watch Saudis Blame African Pilgrims For Deadly Stampede Near Mecca 15 tons of sulfuric acid intercepted en route to Gaza UK Chancellor George Osborne praised for 'not stressing human rightsy Chinese state media during visit China, Worlds Largest Polluter, to Announce Program to Limit Emissions NASA Will Announce A Major Mars Discovery On Monday Poles furious after Russia blames them for starting WWII (from @AP) German nurse shocked after being forced out of flat to make way for refugees US and China ban ivory trade One of Europe's largest mosques on fire, 70 firefighters battling blaze. Fukushima, Up to 100% of No. 2 reactor fuel may have melted German Chancellor Angela Merkel called on world leaders to tackle the root causes of a global surge in refugees by pushing back on war and terror.We have to work against the source that causes people to flee or be driven out. TPP talks to resume in Atlanta this weekend U.S.trained Rebel Surrenders Ammunition to Al Qaeda Affiliate in Syria Fearing loss of TTIP deal, car industry buried U.S. safety report Catalonia goes to the polls in an 'incredible moment for democracy'  A regional election  billed as a referendum on Catalan independence  could throw Spain and the EU into uncharted waters The Thai captain of a seized cargo ship carrying an estimated $2 million worth of seafood has been arrested in Indonesia on suspicion of illegal fishing, in the latest development linked to an Associated Press investigation that uncovered a slave island earlier this year. Switzerland bans sale of Volkswagen models Anonymous leaks another highlevel federal document as part of vendetta against government Germany's Giessen asylum centre rife in rape and child abuse as refugee crisis grows CENTCOM Admits USTrained Syrian Rebels Gave Their Supplies, Ammunition and Trucks to Al Qaeda Affiliate Islamic State gaining ground in Afghanistan UN Saudi Mufti Hajj stampede beyond human control. Says authorities not responsible for deadly crush, adding that fate and destiny are inevitable. People smuggler who 'transferred thousands to Europe' killed in shootout in Libya Support for Merkel falls over handling of refugee crisis Hajj stampede Saudi mufti says deaths eyond human control' 'New activity' detected at N. Korean nuclear test site Amid concerns that Pyongyang may conduct a nuclear test to mark the 70th anniversary of the ruling party, US analysts say they have spotted a greater number of trucks and excavation activity at the Punggyeri test site Australia set to abandon opposition to Assad as part of Syria settlement Student union blocks speech by 'inflammatory' antisharia activist Canadian mining company who spilled 1mn litres of cyanide resumes operations after 2 days. Russian President Vladimir Putin branded U.S. support for rebel forces in Syria as illegal and ineffective, saying U.S.trained rebels were leaving to join ISIS with weapons supplied by Washington No mercy Video of weeping homeless man losing dog to activists sparks online outrage 30% migrants are fake Syrians, says Germany Anonymous targets Saudi websites as teen awaits crucifixion for antigovt activities Poll confirms Australians don't agree with the Government's proposal to strip Environmental groups of charity status. Saudiled coalition helicopter attack kills another 25 civilians in Yemen Thousands turn out for antiimmigration protests in Poland Despite western efforts, ISIS/ISIL has gained 30,000 recruits in the last 12 months Italy's Berlusconi says that Crimea split from Ukraine was democratic, hails Putin as world's greatest political leader Volkswagen warned about illegal emissions tricks years ago Report Japanese universities are cutting humanities and social sciences in favour of practical subjects, sparking global concern Israel to penalize IDF soldiers for assaulting journalists in West Bank Catalan Vote Seen as Referendum on Secession From Spain Iran to buy $21 billion in Russian space equipment and aircraft The wellknown preferential treatment Syrians receive within the German and Swedish asylum system has turned their passports into desired accessories for other immigrants who otherwise would not be likely qualify as refugees. Suspects forced to stand on anthills, made to eat raw chili peppers and stripped naked and whipped in public  Mass Facebook vigilante movements are going viral in Peru, prompting civilians to punish alleged criminals for petty crimes. The leader of the British Labour Party has reiterated his support for a united Ireland at the start of his party's annual conference in Brighton.There is that kind of sense that there is one island of Ireland. Russia, Iran, Iraq & Syria setting up joint information center to coordinate antiISIS operations Haj death toll rises to 769; Iran denounces crime Saudi Arabia and alQaeda Unite in Yemen Vladimir Putin bids for major world role as his forces move into Syria 2000 civilians dead in Yemen. Saudi Arabia has refused Iran's request for a diplomatic meetng Bangkok Erawan Shrine bomb Main suspect is in custody, police say Pope Francis met with sex abuse victims, will celebrate outdoor Mass on his last day in U.S. NASA announces discovery of flowing water in Mars Mount Everest to be declared offlimits to inexperienced climbers, says Nepal China will cancel debts to the world's least developed nations. Audi says 2.1 million cars have 'cheat' emissions software Dead woman emerges 31 years after she disappeared and 28 years after a man confessed to killing her Pirate Bay Founder Finally Free After Three Years UN says world waited too long to act on refugee crisis.Unfortunately only when the poor enter the halls of the rich, do the rich notice that the poor exist Top Australian universities call for end to every child gets a prize approach and funding of mediocre research French minister 'TTIP talks are not transparent' Iraq agrees to share intelligence on ISIS with Russia, Syria and Iran, catching Obama administration off guard India successfully launches its first space observatory Astrosat into orbit along with six other satellites (4 American, 1 Canadian, 1 Indonesian) A Mexico City judge has sentenced three men to 520 years in jail each for their roles in the kidnapping and murder of 13 young people two years ago. Canada revokes citizenship of ringleader using new antiterror law Yemen says war wipes out decades of development President Putin USLed Coalition Must Understand. Only the Syrian People Are Entitled to Decide Who Should Govern Their Country Moldovan protesters call on government to resign over the disappearance of $1.5 billion ElSisi Egypt's Nearly 40year Peace With Israel Should Include More Arab Countries Swiss competition authorities have said they've opened an investigation into whether a number of banks have been involved in the illegal fixing of precious metals prices. Paris goes carfree for a day to fight pollution Creator of VW's software cheat warned them that it was only to be used for testing and not for road vehicles On Sept. 27th, 2015, nearly 2 billion people worldwide will be treated to a skywatching event not seen seen 1982. The 'Supermoon', which appears up to 14% larger in diameter due to its proximity to Earth, will also turn a reddish hue as a result of a total lunar eclipse. Pope Workers Have 'Right' to Refuse GayMarriage Licenses Switzerland may ban Volkswagen diesel car sales. After canceling a U.S. tour, the Dalai Lama, 80, checks into the Mayo Clinic for evaluation. Iran earns more from tax than oil for first time in almost 50 years Canada tries to cut cost of US drug, gets sued Elon Musk Says Climate Change Refugees Will Dwarf Current Crisis. Tesla's CEO says the Volkswagen scandal is minor compared with carbon dioxide emissions. British doctors hail 'cure for blindness' with successful treatment of agerelated macular degeneration | The groundbreaking operation was carried out be surgeons at Londons Moorfields Eye Hospital An app which tracked US drone strikes through text notifications and maps has been removed from the App Store by Apple due to excessively crude or objectionable content New Zealand has revealed plans to turn an area of the South Pacific about the size of France into a marine reserve. The Kermadec Ocean Sanctuary lies 1000km north of the mainland and includes a chain of islands and underwater volcanoes. It is a vast 620,000 sq km (239,400 sq miles) area. Putin Do you realize what you have done? Putin speaks to UN about middle east situation. The death toll from a suspected air strike on a wedding party in Yemen on Monday has risen to at least 131, the United Nations and local medics say. A senior Saudi prince has launched an unprecedented call for change in the countrys leadership, as it faces its biggest challenge in years in the form of war, plummeting oil prices and criticism of its management of Mecca, scene of last weeks hajj tragedy. Edward Snowden promotes global treaty to curtail surveillance  Accord would require countries to reduce domestic snooping and provide asylum to whistleblowers Putin We can no longer tolerate the current state of affairs in the world (speech at UN on IS) China will contribute 8,000 troops for a United Nations peacekeeping force, China's President Xi Jinping told the United Nations General Assembly, a move that could make it one of the largest players in U.N. peacekeeping efforts. Hajj crush Saudi Arabia issues over 1,000 images suggesting deathtoll rise  Authorities in India and Pakistan say photographs of dead released to diplomats for identification mean hundreds more killed than originally thought U.S., Russia agree Syria must be united and secular Kerry Hitachi says it can predict crimes before they happen called Hitachi Visualization Predictive Crime Analytics, gobbles massive amounts of datafrom public transit maps, social media conversations, weather reports, and moreand uses machine learning to find patterns that humans cant pick out. U.S. gives up effort to train Syrian opposition forces A vast stretch of New Zealand's exclusive economic zone is being turned into an ocean sanctuary in a landmark deal to preserve one of the most pristine and unique environments on earth. KGB defector Russia killed the British spy found in a duffel bag The Taliban captured the northern Afghan city of Kunduz in a massive assault Monday involving hundreds of fighters, and now control a major urban area for the first time since the 2001 U.S.led invasion. China opens terrifying glassbottomed bridge in Shiniuzhai park Saudi royal calls for regime change in Riyadh, The king is not in a stable condition Obama willing to work with Iran, Russia to end Syria conflict Harper Conservatives hope to have TPP agreement this week Three dead as Peruvian farmers and police clash at $7.4bn Chinese mine | As well as the deaths 17 were injured, three critically, when officers reportedly shot at protesters after they entered the Las Bambas copper mining project The Australian share market has lost around $41 billion in morning trade, as BHP Billiton shares tumbled below $22 for the first time since the global financial crisis. Counter to Islamic law Saudi diplomat refuses to discuss gay rights at UN Germany has translated the first 20 articles of the country's constitution, which outline basic rights like freedom of speech, into Arabic for refugees to help them integrate. Man Killed by Hindu Mob in India because they suspected he ate Beef. Japan says it must look after its own before allowing in Syrian refugees Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe shouts 'We are not gays' during UN address Diesel cars made by Renault, Nissan, Hyundai, Citroen, Fiat and Volvo among others emitted far more NOx in more rigorous tests, research shows Russia has conducted its first airstrike in Syria, near city of Homs, senior U.S. official tells CNN An Iranian man who was on death row for allegedly insulting the prophet Muhammad has had his sentence commuted to reading 13 religious books and studying theology for two years. A British nursing home offers its residents strippers and prostitutes, sparking a debate over sexual rights of the disabled. Young New Zealander took his own life while awaiting deportation from Australia, he had lived in Australia since the age of 4. He was placed in indefinite detention in Goulburn jail and denied mental health support. Currently 200 New Zealanders are in indefinite detention awaiting deportation. Iron Dome intercepts rocket over Ashdod Tractors, cows take over Canadian Parliament Hill as dairy farmers protest TPP UK and Saudi Arabia made a 'secret deal' to secure each others' UN Human Rights Council seats The Russian parliament on Wednesday unanimously granted President Vladimir Putin the right to deploy the country's military in Syria, a move a top Kremlin aide said related only to the air force. Montreal to dump 8 billion litres of sewage into St. Lawrence River US court dismisses 9/11 lawsuit against Saudi Arabia Chinese city hit by multiple explosions at public buildings Saudi Arabia insists Assad must go or be overthrown For the first time ever, there are now more people in Canada age 65 and over than there are under age 15 A German scientist is revoking the license to his bioinformatics software for researchers working in eight European countries because those countries allow too many immigrants to cross their borders. First of its kind study No serious adverse effects from longterm MMJ use. No evidence of harmful effects on cognitive function, or blood tests among cannabis consumers and we observed a significant improvement in their levels of pain, symptom distress, mood and quality of life Antikythera Shipwreck Yields New Cache of Ancient Treasures Norwegian terrorist and mass murderer, Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in 2011, pledges to hunger strike until death as a protest against prison conditions Quebecbased Valeant Pharmaceuticals is suspected of using the same business model as former hedge fund manager Martin Shkreli, as the price of two heart drugs is increased. Volkswagen staff acted criminally, says board member King Tut's tomb likely has hidden chamber, Egyptian official says France threatens to walk away from TTIP negotiations saying a total lack of transparency in TTIP talks poses a democratic problem. It's now illegal in England and Wales to smoke in cars with kids inside Russian air strikes in Syria  They didn't hit Isis', US and France say as emergency talks planned ISIS cell uncovered in northern Israel Saudi King Salman Orders the Seizure of all CCTVs in Mina Palestinian flag raised at UN for the first time ever Syrian Rebels Say Russia Is Targeting Them Rather Than ISIS US warns Russia against striking nonISIS targets in Syria US antiabortion activist Troy Newman still managed to fly to Australia but has been detained by border force in Melbourne Liberals 'committed' to legalizing cannabis Trudeau Putin Claims Russian jets killed civilians in Syria emerged before airstrikes started Abbas says Palestinians are no longer bound by the Oslo Accords with Israel Organic? No guarantee Indian organic products free from pesticides, says study Samples of veggies, fruits and organic food collected from across India show high level of contamination. Poland moves to take in ethnic Poles from former USSR Nigerian football fans set up alternative Premier League  on Twitter It started as a joke, but popularity of local tournament has grown to rival that of English Premiership Veil debate becomes big issue in Canada election, putting Conservatives into lead Iraq says would welcome Russian air strikes against IS in Iraq Record El Nio set to cause hunger for 10 million poorest, Oxfam warns Jamaica should 'move on from painful legacy of slavery', says Cameron Thai government websites hit by denialofservice attack US Department of Transportation Kuwait Airways must sell tickets to Israeli travelers if is wants to operate in the US The UN refugee agency expects at least 1.4 million refugees to flee to Europe across the Mediterranean this year and next, a sharp rise from initial estimates of 850,000. Underwater Mining in the Philippines using children Lieutenant of 'El Chapo' Guzman killed in Mexico, U.S. prosecutors reveal Half of the European Unions 28 countries and three of its regions have opted out of a new GM crop scheme, in a blow to biotech industry hopes. Under new EU rules agreed in March, 14 countries have now told Brussels they will send territorial exclusion requests to the big agricultural multinationals Saudi Arabia insists UN keeps LGBT rights out of its development goals  The Saudi Foreign Minister says LGBT rights are 'counter to Islamic law'  Hamburg has become the first German city to pass a law allowing the seizure of empty commercial properties in order to house migrants Five Brazilian policemen have been arrested after mobile phone footage appeared to show an officer placing a gun in the hand of a teenager they had shot dead in a Rio de Janeiro favela. Canadian Feds pennypinched on science libraries while lavishing funds on religion and oil Passenger plane reported as missing in Indonesia Belfast City Council wants people who are convicted of for animal cruelty to be registered in the same way that sex offenders are. Pope did not give unconditional support to clerk in gay marriage row Vatican Amsterdam brothel owners must speak sex workers' language Indian government built 8.9 Million (89 lakh) Public toilets in just a year Israeli couple shot dead in West Bank Half of World's Coal Output Is Unprofitable, Moody's Says Fearing Russian air strikes, Islamic State didn't hold Friday prayers, report says Fatah armed wing claims responsibility for terror attack | Abdel Qader alHusseini Brigades says deadly shooting of Eitam and Naama Henkin was a necessary action European Union countries can imprison migrants who reenter their territory after being expelled, the EU's top court ruled on Thursday in a judgment likely to be closely watched across the continent as it struggles to cope with a migration crisis. CIA pulls staff from China after US government hack Images Suggest China Is Building 1st Indigenous Aircraft Carrier Amnesty condemns Taliban's 'reign of terror' in Kunduz Mass murder, gang rapes and housetohouse searches by death squads Based on civilian testimonies, Amnesty International has catalogued a number of atrocities attributed to the Taliban in the embattled city of Kunduz. Russia's Lavrov on Syria targets 'If it looks like a terrorist, walks like a terrorist if it fights like a terrorist, it's a terrorist, right? ' Cairo University Bans Teachers From Wearing Face Veil Antiabortion activist Troy Newman to be deported after losing court bid to stay in Australia US Spent a Year Bombing Syrian Desert, Not ISIL  Russian MP Vote Compass Majority of Canadians support softer marijuana laws Netanyahu stares down UN in intense moment of silence India is teaming up with Google to have free WiFi at 500 railway stations AP At least 997 people died and 600 people remain missing in Saudi hajj disaster | Iran death toll rises to 464