 Wildfire destroying Fort McMurray, most of city evacuated Selfproclaimed Sharia Police in Germany to stand Trial on the grounds of violating laws against wearing uniforms with political messages Doubts rise over TTIP as France threatens to block EUUS deal Seven of the world's biggest banks have agreed to pay $324 million to settle a private U.S. lawsuit accusing them of rigging an interest rate benchmark used in the $553 trillion derivatives market Jewish man handed life in prison for grisly murder of East Jerusalem teen. The Israeli ringleader in the killing of a Palestinian teenager who was abducted and burned to death in 2014 has been sentenced to life in prison. King Felipe of Spain dissolves parliament, clearing way for a rerun of national elections, for the first time since the countrys return to democracy in the late 1970s. Clashes in Paris as police try to remove migrants occupying empty school Australia's first openly gay Muslim Imam has started a support group for gay Muslims Suicide bomber taken down by poisoned arrow Kenyan police bust ISIS cell plotting largescale biological attack Israel stops four tons of rocket chemicals from being smuggled into Gaza Attacks on Hospitals Are 'War Crimes,' UN Chief Says Millions of dead fish on Vietnam's shores raise industrial pollution fears Iran will close the strategic Strait of Hormuz, a passageway through which a third of the world's oil is transported, unless the US and its allies stop threatening it, a senior Iranian military commander has said. Apple no longer has exclusive rights to the iPhone name in China Senior Egypt Official Blames Tom and Jerry, Video Games for Violence Across Middle East As Asia's rice crop shrivels due to drought, food security fears resurface.A heatwave is sweeping top rice exporter India, while the No.2 supplier Thailand is facing a second year of drought. Islamic State kills U.S. Navy SEAL in northern Iraq Iranian cartoonist jailed for insulting members of parliament released Number of children in Japan declines for 35th straight year to hit record low Norway's $872billion sovereign wealth fund, the world's largest, said it would press U.S. oil majors ExxonMobil and Chevron to do more to report on the risks of climate change. European Commission says EU states refusing to take refugees will have to pay 250,000 euros per person Scientists win $3 million for detecting Einstein's waves The founder and leader of the German antiIslam movement, Pegida, has been convicted of inciting racial hatred. Lutz Bachmann escaped a prison sentence but was fined 9,600 (7,600; $11,000) for calling refugees scum A company owned by Google has been given access to the healthcare data of up to 1.6 million patients from three hospitals run by a major London NHS trust. India plans to spend $6 billion on creating new forests Isis members can now be stripped of Australian citizenship David Cameron has no intention of withdrawing his claim that Donald Trump was divisive, stupid and wrong to call for a ban on Muslims entering the US, Downing Street has said. Kenya May End Forced Anal Exams of Suspected Gays US spent $1.4B+ on abstinence programs in Africa over 12 yrs. Study finds programs failed. Top Saudi cleric Homosexuals should not be punished Turkeys prime minister resigns amid highlevel rifts and deepening crises A Colombian sailor has been rescued after spending two harrowing months lost at sea, witnessing the deaths of his three shipmates and forced to eat seagulls for survival, U.S. Coast Guard Honolulu says. Thousands of Tons of Dead Creatures Hit Chile's Beaches.Heaps of dead whales, salmon and sardines blamed on the El Nio freak weather phenomenon have clogged Chile's Pacific beaches in recent months. Scientists uncover 71 million year old dinosaur fossils during Antarctic expedition Royal Navy fires warning shot at Spanish patrol boat hassling US submarine near Gibraltar Italy rules that stealing food not a crime if desperately hungry UN official to Israel You must criminalize torture Most of Greek bailout money went to banks study A Sydney woman who mistakenly had $4.6 million transferred into her bank account has been arrested at Sydney International Airport while attempting to leave the country Danny HealyRae labelled 'Ireland's Sarah Palin' after telling Dail climate change debate 'only God controls the weather' 105 female students escape abduction in Nigeria Brazil top court suspends parliament speaker Eduardo Cunha, who led impeachment drive against President Rousseff IDF general in bombshell speech Israel today shows signs of 1930s Germany  Israel News Sisi says Western human rights values dont apply in Egypt Muslims in Punjab, Pakistan funded the construction of a Catholic church Bangladesh Islamist party leader to hang for war crimes Germany gives goahead to relax rules on medical marijuana. Paraplegics and MS patients can heave a sigh of relief doctors will soon be able to prescribe medical marijuana to relieve pain or symptoms. Berlin gave the goahead to relax rules on therapeutic cannabis use. Mdecins sans Frontires to pull out of World Humanitarian Summit stating that the summit has become a figleaf allowing systematic violations, by states above all Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkeys Prime Minister, Is Expected to Be Replaced 'We need a revolt against the fossil fuel industry' Tesla chief says educating the public on climate issues is essential in countering oil and gas lobbys influence over big political decisions Fort McMurray wildfire grows 8 times larger as battle continues Pope Francis urges Europe to return to postwar principles What has happened to you, the Europe of humanism, the champion of human rights, democracy and freedom? Over 70% of Germans doubtful on EUUS TTIP pact. Merkel, meanwhile, reiterated her government's official position Wednesday, saying that she would do everything to conclude the negotiations, preferably by the end of 2016. Fort McMurray fire now too large, too fierce to stop without rain The targeting and killing of people with albinism in Malawi has a reached a crisis point after two more people were killed and their bodies mutilated, a leading acivist has said, just days after the UN said the community faced systematic extinction German report Bailout has saved banks, not Greece 35 tons of dead fish wash up in China lake Oil prices surge above $45 amid Canadian wildfire Turkish journalist Can Dndar escapes attempted shooting outside court Plans for coalfired power in Asia are 'disaster for planet' warns World Bank | Experts have offered stark warnings that proposed power plants in India, China, Vietnam and Indonesia would blow Paris climate deal if they move ahead Most of Greek bailout money went to banks  according to new study by the European School of Management and Technology U.S. To Ship Peanuts To Feed Haitian Kids; Aid Groups Say 'This Is Wrong' Venezuela accuses US of conspiring to topple Nicolas Maduro Dozens reported killed and wounded by air strike on Syrian refugee camp near Turkish border, activists say Palmyra hosts Russian concert after recapture from ISIS Blanket ban on psychoactive substances in England and Wales to begin on 26 May Firefighting plane crashes in Northwest Alberta while combating the fires in Alberta Bulgaria t return migrants to turkey from June 1 | Bulgaria has become the first EU member state to sign a protocol with Ankara to set in place procedures for sending illegal migrants back to Turkey starting from next month. Haiti had Zika months before Brazils 2015 outbreak. A fever epidemic in 2014 in Haiti wasnt chikungunya but Zika. University of Florida scientists tested cultures from Haitian schoolchildren. Funding needed to determine impact of mosquitoborne Zika virus. US sets deadline for Assad's transition from power to August 1st Saudi forces engage and kill suspected ISIS fighters near the holy city of Mecca. Go your own way, Erdogan tells EU Spain reports 1st case of Zikalinked microcephaly Amazon and eBay hosting ads for banned invasive species  Unregulated traders are using the sites to sell some of the worlds most invasive plants, with potentially devastating impacts on ecosystems The EU won't sacrifice its high food safety standards for better US auto market access in a transatlantic trade deal being negotiated, German Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt said Friday. London elects its first Muslim mayor. Panama Papers source breaks silence over 'scale of injustices' Labatt Breweries Halts Production & Ships 200,000 Cans of Clean Water to Fort McMurray Residents Impacted by Raging Fire Saudi Prince Urges American Voters To Make The Right Choice On Donald Trump For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says, These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States Egypt official blames Tom and Jerry cartoons for violence in the Middle East ISIS terrorist's wishlist revealed after wife arrested, luggage seized at airport Islamic State executes a 7year old boy for insulting divinity U.S. reveals troops on the ground in Yemen Kazakhstan calls for nuclear free world by 2045 Iranian filmmaker sentenced to 233 lashes for documentary about graffiti in Tehran Australia quietly adds 49 species to threatened and endangered lists 'Stop resetting your password so often', says British spy agency A New Zealand man has pleaded guilty to possession of extremist Islamic videos and is set to be the first person in the country to be sentenced for such offending. More than 8 million in UK struggle to put food on table, survey says 4.7 million thought to be regularly going a day without eating More than 50 mass graves found in former Isis territories in Iraq as evidence of genocide mounts Leopards have suffered a 75% range loss worldwide Bangladesh Sufi Muslim hacked to death in suspected Islamist attack Fort McMurray wildfire before and after satellite images Man who leaked Panama Papers targets New Zealand Prime Minister in new data dump Pakistan rejects US conditions attached to sale of F16s Canada's Fort McMurray wildfire 'to double in size' Saudi prince Getting nukes an option if Iran breaks deal The wildfire that destroyed the Fort McMurray region in Canada's Alberta province is expected to incur the largest insured property losses from a single disaster in Canadian history. Oil tanker washes up on Liberia beach with no crew or lifeboats Huge Panama Papers search database goes public Monday Pakistan police arrest 13 for burning girl in honor killing Scientists invent silk food wrap that's biodegradable and could replace plastic cling film  Bananas & strawberries kept at room temperature for more than a week did not go off after they were coated with a nearinvisible film made from silk Russia is offering free land to citizens in hopes of getting people to develop the remote Far East part of the country from Siberia to the Arctic. A household of five will receive over 12 acres. Man rescued after 2 months adrift in Pacific North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said his country will not use nuclear weapons unless its sovereignty is infringed on by others with nuclear arms and it is willing to normalize ties with states that had been hostile towards it, state media reported on Sunday. Despite intense opposition from the drinks industry, the Australian NSW government has chosen to support a communitybacked recycling scheme for drink containers, as it seeks to reduce litter by 40 per cent by 2020, voting to adopt a 10 container deposit scheme to start in July next year. A tanker has mysteriously washed up on shore in Liberia with no sign of the crew A molasses spill in a river in El Salvador from a sugarcane processing plant has caused authorities to issue an alert. 3.4 million liters (900,000 gallons) of sludgy, hot molasses was released into the La Magdalena river Canada's 'Out Of Control' Fire Doubles In Size Africa's Great Green Wall could halt youth migration, extremism  The planned Great Green Wall would see a 7,000 km strip of vegetation reaching from Senegal to Djibouti, designed to trap the sands of the Sahara, halt the advance of the desert and restore 50m hectares of land. Reusing graves means UK cemetery will never run out of space  Reuse of spaces is the sustainable solution to overflowing graveyards, if done sensitively, says one of Britains biggest cemeteries Egypts Interior Ministry, in Error, Releases Memos on Restricting News Media. One document proposed a rule to stop all coverage related to Giulio Regeni, the Italian graduate student whose brutalized body was found on a Cairo roadside in February. Iran is facing a 'widescale armed uprising' as Kurdish insurgents have started targeting the Revolutionary Guard Fort McMurray wildfire reaches 156,000 hectares in size, expected to double Saturday. Turkish airstrikes kill 55 ISIS fighters Leading Pakistani human rights activist gunned down in Karachi hours after Facebook post hailing London for electing first Muslim mayor The Saudi King Fires the Guy Who's Been in Charge of the Country's Oil for 20 Yrs  Faced with plummeting oil prices, King Salman wants to revamp Saudi Arabia's economy & consider a future that relies less on petroleum sales. ProCorporate TTIP on the Ropes as Top French Officials Lambaste 'Bad Deal' At this stage, France says 'No,' says president Franois Hollande Two people dressed in Afghan military uniforms killed two NATO service members on Saturday, according to the NATOled mission there. Tens of thousands of Poles waving national flags staged a huge protest march through Warsaw on Saturday, accusing the conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party that took power last year of undermining democracy and putting Poland's European future at risk Camron under pressure to end tax haven secrecy PM faces call to force British territories to adopt anticorruption laws after Panama Papers scandal Aung San Suu Kyi Asks U.S. Not to Refer to 'Rohingya'  The Rohingya, Muslims in a Buddhist land, are reviled by the majority. They have lived in Myanmar for generations but are denied many basic rights. Swaziland King 'Steals From Children' to Buy Jet Panama Papers leaker targets NZ Prime Minister John Key Tax havens have no justification, say top economists, calling for their abolition | More than 300 economists are urging world leaders at a London summit this week to recognise that there is no economic benefit to tax havens, demanding that the veil of secrecy that surrounds them be lifted. Russia offers water bombers and specialists to help fight Fort McMurray forest fires CBS report Russian gold medalists used steroids at Sochi Olympics Panama paper trail goes online with massive searchable database About a fifth of homes have been destroyed in Fort McMurray, a Canadian city ravaged by a huge wildfire, the local MP has told the BBC. Israel seizes Palestinian family's land by secretly altering documents After the Pacific Ocean swallows villages and five Solomon Islands, a study blames climate change The study is the first time anyone has concretely analyzed the loss of Solomon Island shoreline in the context of global warming, they say. Panama Papers Source Wants Whistleblower Immunity to Aid Law Enforcement North Korea's Leader Just Announced He's Getting a Promotion, Nukes Are Ready Lightning kills four elephants in Sri Lanka  Elephants are venerated in the mainly Buddhist country and they are a highly protected species. Elephant deaths must be investigated and death certificates issued before disposing of the carcasses. Japanese court rules vagina figurines 'pop art', not obscenity US struggles to convince Iraqis it doesn't support IS Nasa Releases Dozens of Patents Into the Public Domain Turkish President Accuses Europe of 'Dictatorship,' Cruelty' Philippines investigates Shell and Exxon over climate change | A legal case will consider if the emissions of 50 fossil fuel companies violate the human rights of those hit by extreme weather Morning after pill British women forced to pay five times more than European peers for contraceptive 'As a society we embrace sex for pleasure, but expect women to march a walk of shame, and pay through the nose,' says the British Pregnancy Advisory Service Austrian chancellor steps down In its minority report, the Labour Party expressed strong opposition to the TPP, saying the Government had failed to effectively represent the longterm interests of New Zealanders Panama Papers reveal middlemen between Canada and offshore secrets Offshore finance more than 12tn siphoned out of emerging countries Nearly half of Europeans in poll want own votes on EU, like UK 66 Activists Arrested in Climate Change Protest in Australia NASA Releases FirstEver Global Topographic Model Of Mercury Top palm oil producer sues green group over deforestation allegations Malaysian palm giant lost business after it was suspended from the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oils certification scheme over deforestation allegations in Indonesia Red Cross Curaao is ready for possible Venezuelan refugees  Curaao Chronicle Panama Papers include dozens of Americans tied to financial frauds President Obama will visit Hiroshima later this month The trip will mark the first visit by a U.S. president to the site since American forces dropped atomic bombs on that city and on Nagasaki at the end of World War II. Knife attacker 'shouting Allahu akbar' seriously injures four at Munich train station Russia Builds a Tunnel to Save Endangered Amur Leopards, Tigers The Narvinskii Pass tunnel allows the endangered big cats to avoid a deadly road as they move between Russia and China China scrambles 2 fighter jets and 3 warships as U.S. sails warship near Chineseclaimed reef UK Police apologise for making fake suicide bomber shout 'Allahu Akbar' in Trafford Centre counterterror exercise Greater Manchester Police said it was unacceptable to use a phrase 'which so vocally linked the exercise with Islam' Our people planned 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks exchief of Pakistan's intelligence service ISI Scientists warn 21% of plants at risk of extinction World Cup Winner, Rivaldo I advise everyone with plans to visit Brazil for the Olympics in Rio  to stay home. Trudeau turns down Russian, U.S., Mexican offers to help battle Fort McMurray wildfire Rousseff impeachment vote 'annulled' Londons New Mayor I Wont Be Able To Visit The U.S. If Donald Trump Wins Ill be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith, Sadiq Khan said. 15yo discovers an hidden maya city by analyzing Mayan constellations Christian refugees in Germany fear violence by other migrants, report says Tens of thousands of protesters took to the Roman streets Saturday to protest against the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Holding signs that said Stop TTIP and Not capital, but people, Selfharm the iggest killer of people in their early 20s' in the UK Mexican judge rules drug lord Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman can be extradited to US New Milestone 95% of German electricity provided by renewables on Sunday at 11 AM An unnamed former Facebook employee told Gizmodo that workers routinely suppressed news stories of interest to conservative readers, according to Gizmodo, while artificially adding other stories into the trending list. Two Afghan terrorists arrested in Bari (Italy) were planning attacks in London, Rome and Bari Looming catastrophe in South Africa as unemployment climbs to more than 26 per cent A German court has rejected a bid by Turkeys president for an injunction against the head of one of Germanys biggest publishing houses in a standoff over a satirical poem. Jean Chretien says criminal records for pot possession 'completely unacceptable' Rodrigo 'The Punisher' Duterte claims victory in Philippines election | The pugnacious 71yearold surged from outsider to the top of surveys with cussfilled vows to kill tens of thousands of criminals India Wants To Kick Its Dirty Coal Habit The countrys power ministry plans to shut down aging coalfired power plants with a combined capacity of 37 gigawatts of power New Zealand Prime Minister John Key thrown out of Parliament for disobeying the Speaker during an exchange about the Panama Papers, which have revealed links between Mossack Fonseca and New Zealand's secretive foreign trust industry Former Brazilian soccer star Don't come to the Olympics Twothirds of Germans want Merkel out at next election A poll published on Tuesday shows that just under twothirds of Germans do not want Chancellor Angela Merkel to run for office again in elections next year. Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull named in Panama Papers Mayor Jokes About Rape, Brags About Death Squads, Gets Elected President of the Philippines Queen says Chinese officials were 'very rude' during Xi Jinping's state visit ExN. Korea army head, who Seoul said was executed, is alive David Cameron calls Nigeria and Afghanistan 'fantastically corrupt' Italy ISIS Fighters Are Posing as Refugees in Our Camps Drones will take $127bn worth of human work by 2020, PwC says The world is hurtling towards an era when global concentrations of carbon dioxide never again dip below the 400 parts per million (ppm) milestone, as two important measuring stations sit on the point of no return. Kepler telescope discovers 100 Earthsized planets French government to use special powers to invoke labor reform hotly contested pro business measures pushed through lower house without vote British Hacker Wins Court Battle Over Encryption Keys Scientists suspect that chunks from the bottom of the North American tectonic plate, which is the upper portion of the mantle, are peeling off and sinking. Central banks are loading up on gold New era of 'super fires' as climate change triggers hotter, drier weather.The six worst fire seasons since 1960 have all occurred since 2000, according to the U.S. report. Since 2000, many Western states have experienced the largest wildfires in their state's history. Zeenat Shahzadi is believed to be the first female journalist forcibly disappeared in Pakistan. Her family and human rights groups say she was abducted by security agencies who have been accused of illegally detaining thousands of people under the guise of antiterrorism operations. Two major media companies in New Zealand have announced they are in merger talks, raising the prospect that the entire country could be left with just one newspaper group. France studying possible ban on import of U.S. Shale gas  minister CEO of Russia's leading Oil Company Rosneft, Igor Sechin Say Goodbye to OPEC Global warming milestone about to be passed and there's no going back Cape Grim, Tasmania monitoring site jointly run by CSIRO and the Bureau of Meteorology will witness the first baseline reading of 400 parts per million (ppm) of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere Proposed Internet surveillance will give dictators ideas, claims campaign.Each advert in the campaign shows how the group imagines a dictator would react favourably if the IP Bill, which has been nicknamed the Snooper's Charter, becomes law Chinas total wind power generation to triple by 2030, increase from approximately 149 GW in 2015 to over 495 GW Erdogan says Europe a safe haven for political wings of terrorist groups India has slashed prices of 54 essential medicines by up to 55%, including commonly used drugs for cancer, hypertension, diabetes and other heart disorders. Rio Olympics could spark 'full blown global health disaster', say Harvard scientists Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff is to face trial after the Senate voted to impeach and suspend her. Saudi officials were 'supporting' 9/11 hijackers, commission member says 60% of Brazilian Senators Participating in Todays Impeachment Vote Have Pending Legal Cases Against Them, Watchdog Says. Italy says 'yes' to gay civil unions in historic vote, after a long and bitter debate that has pitted the Catholic Church against PM Renzi. Italy is the last major western European country to recognize civil unions for same sex couples. MP recites explicit Erdogan bestiality poem on live TV Venezuela Unleashes Tanks as 4 Killed, 1,200 Arrested Almost 400 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with a collective market capitalisation of 225bn are based in offshore havens connected to the UK. Research shows that 389 companies trading their shares in London are registered in British overseas territories or crown protectorates. A federal judge has sharply rebuked the Pentagon for the process by which it concealed hundreds of Bushera photos showing US military personnel torturing detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, suggesting Barack Obama may have to release even more graphic imagery of abuse Catholic Diocese in India Reinstates Priest Who Admitted Child Sex Abuse US missile defense site goes live in Romania, angering Russia as NATO bolsters defenses Plane Debris Confirmed As Being From MH370 US government suspends aid programs in Turkey 'Lord of the Rings' Volcano Has Become Active, Warns NZ Tokyo Olympics 1.3m payment to secret account raises questions over 2020 Games Islamic State yearly oil revenue halved to $250 million U.S. official U.S. activates Romanian missile defense site, angering Russia Brazil prepares to roll back green laws  Amidst the turmoil of the presidential impeachment process, members of Brazils Congress are set to dismantle environmental protection laws. Suspects in the disappearance of 43 Mexican college students have claimed that they were tortured into making confessions, according to court documents obtained by the the U.S. international news agency Associated Press. 11 Tons of BombMaking Chemical Found Under Fruit Crates U.S. cities on Mexican border prep for 3,000 Cubans Middle East U.N. slams Turkey for alarming reports of human rights abuses Londons Muslim mayor reaffirms plan for Israel trip Brutal justice of the mob in Venezuela Venezuelan Mugger is beaten to the floor and burned alive by lynch mob after stealing from people Declassified documents detail 9/11 commission's inquiry into Saudi Arabia, Chilling story of the Saudi diplomat who, many on the commissions staff believed, had been a ringleader of a Saudi government spy network inside the US that gave support to at least two of the 9/11 hijackers Ontario parents who object to vaccines could be forced to take a class in science of immunization. Scientists have found a microbe that does something textbooks say is impossible It's a complex cell that survives without mitochondria. The Kremlin is considering whether or not to release some 20,000 hacked Clinton emails reportedly in its possession; Russian security services apparently obtained the emails as part of their investigation into the Romanian hacker Marcel Lehel Lazar Nearly 90,000 Gallons of Crude Oil Spill Into Gulf of Mexico ISIS massacre 14 Real Madrid fans at supporters club in Baghdad Chinese Cops Are Temporarily Patrolling the Streets of Rome & Milan  A new experimental program put international police at Italy's tourist hubs to help the influx of Chinese travelers Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation divests entire holding in BP Worlds largest health charity sells its $187m stake in the oil giant in a move welcomed by fossil fuel divestment campaigners Luxembourg Is Set to Become the Most AnimalFriendly Country in the World  Proposed new animals rights legislation  which states animals are sentient beings with certain rights, who can experience anguish  has been described as the most progressive in the world. Chinese province has ordered kindergartens to enforce a ban on religious activity after a video was posted online of a little girl reciting part of the Koran at a nursery school Dutch professor renounces Turkish award, brands Erdogan 'defacto dictator' Venezuela Countless Wounded after 5,000 Loot Supermarket British astronaut Tim Peake has sparked an orbital kerfuffle after he tweeted a picture showing a crack in the International Space Station's window. It was caused by space debris. Germany Says It Will Rescind Convictions for Homosexuality The justice minister, Heiko Maas, said the government would put forward legislation that would overturn the convictions and allow for financial compensation to the men who suffered under the legislation Dozens of Russian athletes at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, including at least 15 medal winners, were part of a staterun doping program Brazil's acting president used to be US intel informant  WikiLeaks Fears grow as temperatures double at massive New Zealand volcano featured in Lord of the Rings films Merkel warns of return to nationalism unless EU protects borders Russia to ban all Turkish fruit and vegetable imports next week Interfax Egypt 'in denial' over hidden chambers in Tutankhamuns tomb  Scientists accuse government of suppressing data disproving claims that burial site contains Nefertitis remains N.Korea deploying ICBMs near Chinese border Child sex abuse victim in 20s euthanised after suffering irreparable PTSD Chinese stateowned firms claim 'sovereign immunity' in US courts with foreign ministry's backing MPs vote against 'emergency' use of banned beeharming pesticides  National Farming Unions application for banned pesticide use on oil seed rape crops is rejected as govt rules against neonicotinoids for the first time 12,000 people trapped in Palestinian refugee camp in Syria by bombs, shells and bullets Save the Children says camp cut off by heavy shelling, with supplies of food and medicine running out Next Friday, the United Kingdom will join Australia and become the second country in the world to introduce plain packaging to cigarettes, removing all brands, logos, and colors and replacing them with standardized dark green packages with graphic health warnings. Venezuela president declares emergency, cites U.S., domestic 'threats' Nearly 45,000 sign up to support call for Netflix to stop VPN blocking North Korea detains Russian yacht U.S. intelligence warns of Venezuela collapse Russia begins imposing transport, banking restrictions on North Korea, complying with United Nations sanctions against Pyongyang Women in Saudi Arabia face flogging and imprisonment if they check their husbands phone without his permission. Erdoan says West cares more about gay and animal rights than Syria ISIS executes 11 Iraqi civilians for using cell phones Russian Doctor Explains How He Helped Beat Doping Tests at the Sochi Olympics The director of Russias antidoping laboratory during the 2014 Winter Olympics revealed to The New York Times how Russian agents used an elaborate scheme to swap out tainted urine samples from Russian athletes. BBC News Lightning strikes kill 50 in Bangladesh Judge tells man 'if you're innocent you'll go to Heaven' after sentencing him to be hanged for a crime he denied in Iran Moscow wanted to eradicate the risk of domestic terror attacks, so intelligence and police officials turned a blind eye to Islamic militants leaving the country. Some sources say officials even encouraged militants to leave Iran rearrests Christian pastor once sentenced to death Leaked wiretaps of ISIS agents show Ankara routinely ignores terrorist crossborder activity Venezuela looters target chicken, flour amid worsening shortages German MPs vote to block North African asylum claims Morocco, Tunisia and Algeria classified as safe countries of origin  meaning that asylum applications will only be accepted under exceptional circumstances ISIS declares state of emergency in Raqqa, ISIS's selfdeclared capital India announced a new intellectual property policy on Friday, speeding up the online registration of patents & trademarks, but resisted pressure from US and other Western countries to amend its patent laws Prince Charles I use homeopathy in animals to cut antibiotic use Belgian police Don't use Facebook reactions if you value privacy China Is Not Celebrating Cultural Revolution's 50th Anniversary World's Biggest Cruise Ship Sets Sail | The world's largest cruise ship, Harmony of the Seas  which cost US$1 billion to build over 32 months  has been finished and was delivered to owner Royal Caribbean International Uganda has launched a total social media blackout for the second time in three months IDF general ISIS fighters training with Hamas in Gaza Iceland's Pirate Party secures more election funding than all its rivals as it continues to top polls 'We don't care. Democracy doesnt revolve around getting loads of money from the government. We funded our campaign at a flea market before the last elections and that was fine.' Monsanto Linked to Tax Havens in Panama Papers Leak Protesters take over German coal mine, block coal power plant We are taking the exit from coal into our own hands and closing down one of the largest climate killers in Europe. Radiobacked campaign pushes for FM access on your smartphone India's top court ordered state governments to provide free meals to schoolchildren during summer break as country reels from impact of one of worst droughts on record. Free lunches are offered to some 120 million students in what is world's largest school feeding program, but not during holidays. ISIS burns family of 5 with 3 children alive in public for trying to flee terroristoccupied land Manchester United's Old Trafford ground evacuated A fake terror attack has panicked guests of several Hollywood stars at the Cannes film festival | The publicity stunt, by a French Internet company aimed at the super rich, saw a speedboat full of men in helmets and military style uniforms attempt to storm the dock of the Hotel du Cap. Sinkhole discovery suggests humans were in Florida 14,500 years ago Knife, bone, and dung cast doubt on Bering Strait theory and indicate humans spread through Americas 1,500 years earlier than thought, researchers say Heat wave hits Egypt, temperatures reach 45 degrees Suicide bombing in Yemen kills 25 people NASA data shows last month was hottest April on record  The April figures continue the remarkably warm start to 2016 Judge in Iran tells prisoner 'If you're innocent you'll go to heaven after you're hanged' Venezuela Maduro orders seizure of closed Venezuela factories, jailing of owners Student in Turkey accused of terror propaganda for speaking Kurdish Mark Zuckerberg claims 'no evidence' of political bias at Facebook Prolife marches across Poland Demonstrations in over 140 cities, signatures collected for a socalled citizens bill calling for a complete ban on abortion. Pope to Visit Genocide Memorial During June Trip to Armenia South African court allows landmark silicosis suit against gold firms Up to 500,000 miners may be eligible to seek damages for lung diseases, a decision that could cost the industry millions Police found a pig's head bearing a written insult against German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the entrance to her constituency office in the northeastern town of Stralsund Leaks Show Senate Aide Threatened Colombia Over Cheap Cancer Drug Turkey has agreed to modernise the Pakistan Air Forces fleet of F16s at a cost of $75 million amid the controversy surrounding the purchase of new jets from USA Scientists believe they have an uncovered an evolutionary throwback in a rare deep ocean whale that washed ashore on a South Australian beach. Germany to abolish provider liability law, open path to more free WiFi a law that makes hotspot providers responsible for users' activity has long limited public WiFi and is set to be scrapped. Militants kill two police in Russia's Dagestan, Islamic State claims responsibility Iran is arresting models who pose without headscarves on Instagram April breaks global temperature record, marking seven months of new highs. 2016 will be hottest year on record Erdoan pictured as Hitler on Turkish Embassy in Berlin Venezuelan President decrees emergency, seizes factories New move to impeach Tony Blair over Iraq War gains crossparty support Divers Discover 'Spectacular' Cargo of Ancient Shipwreck in Caesarea Harbor  Includes bronze statues & 1000s of coins bearing the images of Roman emperors Constantine & Licinius. 1,600 yr old wreck discovered by divers in ancient harbor of Caesarea. Thousands of South African gold miners launch a multimilliondollar class action lawsuit against mining companies over deadly lung diseases. An online al Qaeda magazine is calling for jihadis to damage the US economy by killing business leaders and entrepreneurs, according to analysts. Half of fish caught in New Zealand waters not in official records. Reconstructed marine catch totalled 38.1 million tonnes between 1950 and 2010, which is 2.7 times the 14 million tonnes reported to the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) Former CIA agent admits involvment in Nelson Mandela's arrest Police in Colombia seize more than 8 tons of cocaine in largest ever drug bust Luxembourg prosecutors seek jail time for whistleblowers India successfully testfires indigenously developed supersonic interceptor missile North Korea releases Russian yacht  detention was a misunderstanding North Korean officials said Car fires turning into a Dutch plague, 100s torched in recent months More pupils than expected in 'illegal schools' across UK, mainly Islamic and Jewish, Ofsted reports. Duterte vows to kill criminals and reintroduce hanging in Philippines  What I will do is urge Congress to restore (the) death penalty by hanging, Duterte, 71, told a press conference in Davao on Sunday. He also said he would give security forces shoottokill orders against organised criminals China waging war against ancient superstitions that convinced a man to steam his wife to death Magnitude 5.6 / Shindo 5 earthquake shakes Ibaraki, Japan. No tsunami warning issued. China cyber probes show electronic warfare focus, Pentagon says China's military conducted cyber probes and intrusions against US networks to support intelligence collection and electronic warfare even as it continues an extraordinarily rapid expansion of longrange precision strike capabilities Google (GOOGL.O) faces a record antitrust fine of around 3 billion euros ($3.4 billion) from the European Commission in the coming weeks, British newspaper The Sunday Telegraph said. The European Union has accused Google of promoting its shopping service in Internet searches Al Qaeda Turns to Syria, With a Plan to Challenge ISIS Scientists Seek To Bring Dead Brains Back To Life Police are facing severe terror threat from IRA Rankandfile officers in Northern Ireland on a high state of alert with 52 bomb attacks over the past 12 months Police sealed off a hotel in Ankara on Sunday, preventing dissidents in Turkey's nationalist opposition from holding a party congress that could jeopardize President Tayyip Erdogan's plans for more power After almost 18 years of circling Earth, the International Space Station completed its 100,000th orbit on Monday. Pakistans Billion Tree Tsunami gains momentum, hopes to achieve target of One Billion new saplings plantation by end of next year. The new Brazilian presidents first pick for science minister was a creationist. He chose a soybean tycoon who has deforested large tracts of the Amazon rain forest to be his agriculture minister. And he is the first leader in decades to have no women in his Cabinet. Syria Army killed over 200 ISIS militants in 3day long offensive in Deir Ezzor Israel Antiquities Authority announces the biggest archaeological find in 30 years  A 1600yearold Roman shipwreck filled with bronze statues and coins bearing the face of Constantine the Great. The London mayor, Sadiq Khan, has outlined plans to quadruple the proportion of affordable housing being built in the capital.There is no point in building homes if they are bought by investors in the Middle East and Asia, I want to give first dibs to Londoners. Face recognition app taking Russia by storm may bring end to public anonymity Australian Energy Boss Emails ClimateChange Skeptic Handbook.Prominent businessman and donor to the Australian Liberal Party, accidentally emailed hundreds of politicians and elites a 16page handbook.The handbook explains how to argue that climatechange is not humanmade. Prominent Oceans Scientist Fails to Disclose Funding From Fishing Industry Revealed Saudi Arabia owns $117 billion of U.S. debt North Korea is last place Americans should travel to warns US State Department New Snowden Leak Reveals Key NSA Role in Guantanamo Torture Pirate Party set to be kingmaker in next Icelandic parliamentpolls ADL to recognize Ottoman Empires massacre of Armenians as genocide We believe that remembering and educating people about any genocide  Armenian, the Holocaust, Bosnia, Rwanda and others is a necessary tool to prevent future tragedies Bell offers $1M settlement to Yellowknife man, northern customers over 911 fees. a classaction lawsuit against the company in 2007 over its 75cent monthly fee for 911 emergency phone service  a service that doesn't exist US scientists have cloned the Zika virus  an important step towards fasttracking a vaccine against the disease. Panama Papers reveal George Soros' deep money ties to secretive weapons, intel investment firm Pope criticizes West for trying to export own brand of democracy to Iraq, Libya Court condemns tobacco giant Philip Morris over secret bid to sue Australia over plain packaging laws [Russia] Cossacks beat up anticorruption leader Alexey Navalny and others as police are slow to intervene Denmark pushes ahead with hate preacher blacklist Turkish police seal off hotel to halt dissident opposition congress Australian teen accused of plotting terror attack in Sydney Venezuela gives sweeping 'emergency' powers to security forces World Health Organization study during the last five years, unmarried women were less likely to have an abortion than married women. Roughly 73% of abortions were obtained by married women. Scientists Find A Weak Spot In HIV That May Pave the Way to a Vaccine Muslim states block 11 LGBT groups from attending UN Aids meeting Caribbean islands warned as Venezuela collapses US raises China steel taxes by 522% German court bans public recital of antiErdogan poem Mexican President Proposes Legalizing Gay Marriage Iran wants U.S. to pay for 63 years of 'spiritual and material damage' Magnitude 6.7 earthquake strikes western Ecuador Dutch researchers are learning how to grow food on Mars and the Moon  Especially in the Martian soil, plants were growing very fast and very good. They even started to flower, something that we never anticipated Muslim states block gay groups from U.N. AIDS meeting A group of 51 Muslim states has blocked 11 gay and transgender organizations from attending a highlevel meeting at the UN next month on ending AIDS, sparking a protest by the US, Canada and the EU. One of the missing Chibok girls has been found in Nigeria, activists say  the first since they were taken by Boko Haram militants two years ago. Russia to revive missile trains as U.S. launches European missile defense system Zika virus could spread to Europe in coming months, says WHO Russias new FindFace app identifies strangers in a crowd with 70 percent accuracy Last stand for Europe's remaining ancient forest as loggers prepare to move in | Government plans to fell Polands Biaowiea forest have divided families, led to death threats against green campaigners and allegations of an environmental coup by government and state timber interests Google may face a fine of around 3 billion by the European Commission (EC) for manipulating search results to promote its own shopping comparison service, Four in ten Australians admit they have drunk so much they've vomited  half want alcohol taxes increased to pay for alcoholrelated treatment. GM food is generally safe for humans and the environment, report says Mexico's President, Enrique Pena Nieto, has proposed constitutional reform to legalise samesex marriage across the country. Violence against labor activists remains rampant in Colombia since U.S. trade deal took effect, U.S. watchdog says. Spain's debt now worth more than value of the economy Obama to Lift U.S. Sanctions Against Myanmar Australia has laid off a prominent scientist as part of cuts to its national science agency that are mainly aimed researchers studying global sea rise and climate change. Rodrigo Duterte says he's killed 1,700 crooks; pledges 100,000 dead in 1st 6 months as president. TTIP's definition of Feta cheese is getting more attention than saving the NHS French President Franois Hollande threatened to veto TTIP if products made in specific regions cannot retain exclusivity over their names EgyptAir Flight MS804 disappears from radar during ParisCairo flight McDonald's fish Row over sustainability 'coverup' The document shows that the government was aware of madeup data and illegal practices such as the dumping of vast quantities of unwanted fish. There are also concerns that unlawful fishing in NZ waters is threatening the world's rarest dolphin Pope condemns bloodsuckers who exploit poor workers Pope says making slaves out of workers and setting unfair contracts is a mortal sin India just proposed an oilfordrugs deal with Venezuela, Country is facing severe shortages of even basic supplies such as food, water and medicines, desperately short of medical supplies, lacking as much as 80 percent of what it needs to treat its population Portugal runs for four days straight on renewable energy alone Zero emission milestone reached as country is powered by just wind, solar and hydrogenerated electricity for 107 hours Bayer offers 42 Billion to purchase Monsanto. Agricultural mega merger looms. Authorities shut down secret Islamic school in Brussels report Iran tells Hezbollah to stop attacking Israel, turn attention to Saudi Arabia Egyptian officials confirm that EgyptAir flight crashed with 56 persons on board Ninetytwo children and three teachers were poisoned in northern Peru when a plane fumigating nearby fields sprayed a weedkiller too close to their school. Robin Hood hacker donates $11,000 of stolen bitcoin to help fight ISIS Mob burns Venezuelan man alive over $5 as rule of law fails Boris Johnson wins most offensive Erdogan poem contest A Secret Tunnel Found in Mexico May Finally Solve the Mysteries of Teotihuacn Superbugs will 'kill every three seconds' Superbugs will kill someone every three seconds by 2050 unless the world acts now, a hugely influential report says Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau Accused of Elbowing Opposition Member of Parliament in The House of Commons. Englands chief medical officer warns of antibiotic apocalypse Venezuelan opposition tells military that it's time to choose New Zealand Customs will lose the automatic right to examine people's smartphones and electronic devices at the border, under a government proposal. Banks Sued by Investor Over AgencyBond Rigging Claims.Depending on the securities that are included, the market could range from $9 trillion to $15 trillion.Defendants scheme was driven by greed and opportunity, Venezuelans are having to trade pharmaceutical drugs on social media as the country runs out of medicine French security chief warns Islamic State plans wave of attacks in France Russia under suspicion after sabotage of Swedish telecom mast Large Azerbaijan plane crashes in Afghanistan Boris Johnson wins 'most offensive Erdoan poem' competition ExLondon mayor wins 1,000 prize for limerick about Turkish president in contest challenging crackdown on free speech LinkedIn just revealed that the 2012 breach that compromised the accounts of 6.5 million users actually hit more than 100 million users. The Chinese government is fabricating almost 490m social media posts a year as part of a massive secretive operation designed to distract the public from criticising or questioning its rule, according to a study. EgyptAir Flight 804 Wreckage found, airline official says Morocco starts blocking access to Steam and other popular computer games Humans damaging the environment faster than it can recover, UN finds  Radical action is needed to combat increasing rate of environmental damage to water sources, land, biodiversity & marine life, report shows Egypt military says finds EgyptAir plane debris 290 km from Alexandria Jihadist website profiting from online advertising, including U.S. companies NATO just added a new member Montenegro Auschwitz museum finds inmate's gold ring, necklace in falsebottomed mug Israeli defense minister quits, citing poor faith in Netanyahu India records its hottest temperature ever 123.8 degrees Fahrenheit (51 degrees Celsius) Alberto Nisman, who investigated Argentinas worst terrorist attack before he was found dead in his home last year, may have been forced to kill himself, a prosecutor who was formerly in charge of his case has said. Australian scientists achieve a 2050 solar efficiency benchmark 34 years early Seychelles decriminalizes samesex relationships EgyptAir Flight 804 Greece official says debris not from plane, report Russia sends 2,400 tons of food to North Korea High pay for bosses hurting economy says senior Bank of England official Erdogan has 'autocratic ambitions' for Turkey The Bundestag president has criticized the Turkish regime's push to strip legislators of parliamentary immunity. Turkey's president has autocratic ambitions. China says more than 40 countries support its stance on South China Sea dispute 97 Women and children freed from Boko Haram by Nigerian armed forces. Two of the kidnapped girls from Chibok were among them. China says it's ready if US stirs up any conflict in South China Sea An Attempt to Crack Down on Boycotting Israel in Canada Has Failed Uber drivers accused of 32 rapes and sex attacks on London passengers over the past year New statistics reveal one assault every 11 days last year by drivers on popular carhire app Bull spearing outlawed by Spanish regional government. U.S. investigators leaning toward possibility of terrorist attack (EgyptAir flight) Coke Has Suspended All Production in Venezuela Magic mushroom compound psilocybin can reduce symptoms of treatmentresistant depression This is the first time that psilocybin has been investigated as a potential treatment for major depression, says lead author Dr Robin CarhartHarris, Imperial College London EgyptAir Flight 804 black boxes located The world's largest cruise ship and its supersized pollution problem each of the Harmonys three fourstorey high 16cylinder Wrtsil engines will, at full power, burn 1,377 US gallons of fuel an hour, or about 96,000 gallons a day of some of the most polluting diesel fuel in the world Australias Great Barrier Reef will be in a terminal condition within five years, according to scientists. If something is not done in this election cycle then we may not see good coral again within our childrens lifetime. Paris Will Start Swabbing High Schoolers to See If They're Smoking Pot Vladimir Putin and the Russian state are being sued by families of those who died on Malaysian Airlines flight MH17 when it was shot down over Ukraine. 'We are like a bom food riots show Venezuela crisis has gone beyond politics Mexico approves extradition of Joaqun El Chapo Guzmn to U.S. Chiles Worst Ever Red Tide Kills 20 Million Fish, Prompts Investigation of Salmon Farms EU Data Protection Chief Calls for No Backdoors and a 'Right to Encypt'.Much more so than our homes, our mobile devices now contain revealing and sensitive data on almost every aspect of our lives, private and professional, Israel Has Been Infected by the Seeds of Fascism, Says exPrime Minister Ehud Barak 80% of the worlds megacities are now in Asia, Latin America, or Africa Sweden and Finland upgrade Nato relations Cannes With 'Risk,' Laura Poitras Ignites Demand For Julian Assange's Release In the U.S., most of the journalists are propagandists and stenographers for the state. Mexican Government Fires a Staggering 3000 Striking Teachers.Federal Police forcibly removed teachers from their protest camp in the middle of the night. A court in western Germany said on Friday that there was no legal obstacle to the practice of shredding male chicks shortly after they are hatched, in a big setback for animal rights activists. Fatal EgyptAir flight suffered onboard fire minutes before crash Cameron forced into 'major climbdown' over NHS TTIP deal. Tory rebels and Jeremy Corbyn form unlikely alliance to protect NHS from transatlantic trade deal French festivals ditch Eagles of Death Metal over singer's comments Jesse Hughes alleged he saw Muslims celebrating during Paris attacks and that Bataclan staff were involved in assault Bangladesh village doctor hacked to death in attack claimed by Islamic State Russia proposes joint airstrikes on Syria rebels with U.S.led coalition. Reports of bathroom smoke alerts suggest an electrical fire on EgyptAir MS804 flight, which could have caused it's crash on it's Paris to Cairo route. Turkey Moves to Prosecute Most ProKurdish Party Lawmakers. Kati Piri, Turkey rapporteur for the European Parliament, called Fridays amendment an historic mistake. US rejects Russian proposal for joint air strikes on Syria Oil company records from 1960s reveal patents to reduce CO2 emissions in cars ExxonMobil and others pursued research into technologies, yet blocked government efforts to fight climate change for more than 50 years, findings show Women in Iran are cutting their hair short and dressing as men in a bid to bypass state 'morality' police who rigorously enforce penalties for not wearing a hijab. US releases Guantnamo prisoner after 14 years and no conviction Poland last week dismissed 32 of 39 scientific experts on the State Council for Nature Conservation after they criticized the logging plan of Bialowieza Forest 1.4 billion yen ($12.7 million) stolen from 1,400 convenience store ATMs across Japan in the space of two hours Schoolchildren in Russia will soon be taught a variety of military skills such as maintaining firearms as part of a new drive by the country's defence ministry. 50 million Africans face hunger after crops fail again Anticorporate activists, organic farmers, Indigenous peoples, environmental groups and others took to the streets across 6 continents and over 400 cities on Saturday in a global grassroots march against Monsanto Vegetarianism on the rise in Germany, but schools draw the line at veganism  Tofu schnitzel, tofu bratwurst, tofu kebab. It all exists in Germany. Popular as vegetarian options may be, a German court has ruled that veganism is too risky as a school meal option. Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour 'probably killed' in US air strike on Afghanistan, US officials say Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour had been killed in an attack by U.S. drones EgyptAir crash Internal blast 'tore right side' of jet, pilot says Israel defense chief quits, warns of extremist rise under Netanyahu Islamic State threatens attacks in India. Islamic State mocked Muslims living in harmony with Hindus who worship cows, trees and the sun, and urged them to travel to ISheld territories in the Caliphate. Venezuela To Hold Military Exercises Citing Imminent US Invasion The longawaited Chilcot report into the Iraq war is reportedly set to savage Tony Blair and other former government officials in an absolutely brutal verdict on the failings of the occupation. Police, soldiers swarm Mexico's Acapulco, killings continue Outrage in Japan as U.S. Marine veteran arrested in connection with death of woman on Okinawa Microplastics in the sea a growing threat to human health, United Nations warns More than a quarter of fish in markets in Indonesia and California contain plastic particles UK trains soldiers for majority of regimes on its own human rights abuse watchlist | Sixteen nations on the Foreign Office watchlist for use of torture and sexual violence benefit from military and security support China denies selling human flesh as tinned corned beef in Zambia in Africa Church of Scotland votes to allow gay marriages for ministers Georgian Shot Dead by Russian troops Near Breakaway Abkhazia Region First 'Made in India' space shuttle to lift off tomorrow Two zoo lions shot and killed after mauling 'suicidal' naked man 'It keeps happening,' rape survivor says Protests against American military presence in Japan continued on Saturday, as the countrys defense minister lodged a formal complaint over the latest case of alleged murder and rape of a young Japanese woman by a US military base employee Obama will not apologize for Hiroshima attack, he tells Japanese TV Austria rejects 'farright president' Climate denial arguments fail a blind test In a Pepsi challenge test, economist and statisticians find mainstream climate arguments accurate and contrarian arguments wrong and misleading Operation to retake Fallujah has begun, Iraqi prime minister says India's FirstEver Indigenous Space Shuttle Launched Successfully Chinese and Russian warplanes have been increasingly aggressive intercepting U.S. military aircraft and patrolling near Americas West Coast, prompting the Air Forces top combat officer to label their provocations one of his top worries. Isis threatens attacks in India. Isis mocked Muslims living in harmony with Hindus and urged them to travel to Isisheld territories.India, a Hindumajority country, is home to more than 160 million Muslims, but only a handful of them have joined the Middle Eastern group Turkey's prime minister formally submitted his resignation on Sunday. Samoa Considering Amending Constitution to Become a Christian State. Churches Push for a Ban on Islam The German drugs and chemicals group Bayer has pounced on Monsanto, the worlds biggest seed company, with an unsolicited takeover offer likely to be worth more than $40bn (27bn). Reuters U.S. to completely lift Vietnam lethal arms embargo 31 possible Rio Olympians 'failed drug tests' in Beijing Austria election farright candidate and rival tied at 50% in exit poll Turkey shifts to presidential system, even without constitutional change Hamas to publicly execute criminals in Gaza EU Survey 64% of Europeans in Favour of Basic Income At least 17 girls killed in school dormitory fire in Thailand Vietnam hopes its voice is heard as Obama visits  Vietnam seeks US backing in its dispute with China over contested islands in the South China Sea. It seeks access to US military technology. Brazil, you are next ISIS issue serious threat to 2016 Rio Olympics India successfully test launches their firstever indigenous space shuttle Farmer suicides soar in India as deadly heatwave hits 51 degrees Celsius | India has set a new record for its highestever recorded temperature  a searing 51 degrees Celsius or 123.8F  amid a devastating heatwave that has ravaged much of the country for weeks. Falluja assault Iraq PM announces beginning of military operation Pakistan says U.S. drone strike violated its sovereignty Across Africa, the worst food crisis since 1985 looms for 50 million Colombia has fired more than 1000 police officers in a massive crackdown on corruption The average city dweller in Kenya pays 16 bribes a month Sixteen of the worlds largest banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. must face antitrust lawsuits accusing them of hurting investors who bought securities tied to Libor by rigging an interestrate benchmark, a ruling that an appeals court warned could devastate them Cuba to legalize small and medium sized businesses Japan Employment rate at 97.3% for new University graduates  record high Atheist academic calls for religion 'to be offended at every opportunity' Dawkins says it's ridiculous to be accused of racism when you criticise Islam Japan Plan to make programming mandatory at schools a step to foster creativity People of no religion outnumber Christians in England and Wales  study Venezuelans on Tuesday woke up to discover that the governmentcontrolled price of corn flour  used to make corn patty arepas, a staple of local cuisine  has risen by 900%. The Superintendent also said that the price of chicken would rise, up 13 times from 65 bolivares a kilo to 850 bolivares. Brazil minister ousted after secret tape reveals plot to topple President Rousseff Paris Google HQ raided in tax probe Australian Premier makes official state apology to people convicted under unjust laws against homosexual acts U.S. Embassy in Venezuela halts new visas because of overwhelming demand Chinas Solar Prices Can Fall 38%, Become Competitive With Coal Human remains retrieved from the crash site of EgyptAir flight 804 suggest there was an explosion on board that may have brought down the aircraft, an Egyptian forensics official has told Associated Press. The official, one of the Egyptian investigative team, examined the remains at a Cairo morgue. Frequent flyer  Taliban most senior leader Mansour used to fly out of Pakistani airports to Iran and Dubai on Pakistani passport Arctic sea ice melt like a train wreck says US scientist.Artic sea ice levels are on course to hit a new record low as warming at the North Pole accelerates.Temperatures in Alaska hit 11C above average this winter. The controversial leader of Chechnya, Kremlinbacked Ramzan Kadyrov, has engaged John Oliver in an unlikely online spat, after the British comedian mocked the hardman leader for posting an online appeal about a lost cat. India to invest $500 million in Iran port Fracking approved in Northern England despite massive opposition Rise of the robots 60,000 workers culled from just one factory as Chinas struggling electronics hub turns to artificial intelligence. Kunshan, in Jiangsu province, undergoes makeover as 600 companies look to trim their headcount Over 100 bodies dumped in a mass grave in Mexico Barack Obama has said Washington supports Vietnams territorial claims against Beijing in the South China Sea and promised it greater access to security equipment. Chinese and Russian warplanes have been increasingly aggressive intercepting U.S. military aircraft and patrolling near Americas West Coast, prompting the Air Forces top combat officer to label their provocations one of his top worries Greek authorities began an operation at dawn Tuesday to gradually evacuate the countrys largest informal refugee camp of Idomeni on Macedonian border, blocking access to the area and sending in more than 400 riot police. Adidas shoe manufacture returns to Germany, fully automated instead of relying on human labour in Asia Tony Blair Britain and US profoundly underestimated chaos brought about by toppling of Saddam Hussein | People | News We Truly Believe They Kill Animals Famous Sloth Sanctuary Is A Nightmare For Animals, ExWorkers Say Israel Hamas stealing 95% of civilian cement transferred into Gaza Poland starts logging primeval Bialowieza forest despite protests More than 180,000 cubic metres of forest to be cut down in area that is home to Europes largest mammal and tallest trees South Africa Just Lifted Its Ban on the Rhino Horn Trade Sweden refuses to revoke Assange arrest warrant Thousands of children working in Indonesia's tobacco fields are being poisoned by handling the leaves of the toxic plant, an international investigation has found. Grizzlies & polar bears are now mating  I hate to say it, but from a genetic perspective, its quite likely grizzly bears will eat polar bears up, genetically. Warming Arctic allowing the 2 species to come into contact more often. Citibank to pay $425 million over attempted benchmark manipulation Sweden phases out fossil fuels in attempt to run completely off renewable energy Sweden's prime minister announced his country will work towards becoming 'one of the first fossil fuelfree welfare states of the world' British restaurant owner Mohammed Zaman has been jailed for 6 years for manslaughter due to customers allergic reaction to peanuts ending in death. Zaman's conviction sets a precedent in the UK food industry. Jeremy Corbyn is prepared to call for an investigation into Tony Blair for alleged war crimes during the Iraq War, according to reports.The war, launched by the US with strong UK backing, lead to the deaths of between 150,000 and 600,000 Iraqis over four years. Found off Sardinian Coast WW11 submarine with 71 bodies inside Japan passes antihate speech law as Koreans targeted by racism ISIS Destroys Russian and Syrian aircraft in attack on military base 14 Russian athletes failed Olympic doping retests Bridgestone abandons Venezuela Corporate Beer Overlords Will Soon Own 1 Out of 3 Beers Made on Earth  Budweiser's owner eyes a major merger& better access to markets in Africa & South America. A Brazilian Cabinet member was just caught on tape plotting to take down the president ExxonMobil tried to censor climate scientists to Congress during Bush era  Exclusive 2001 intervention adds to evidence that oil company was aware of the science and its implications for govt policy & the energy industry Pakistan condemns US drone strike that killed Taliban leader Mansoor Palestinians reject Netanyahu's direct talks proposal Whether out of conviction or convenience, thousands of migrants in Europe are converting to Christianity Dutch Police Use Eagles to Take Down Illegal Drones Greek news sites are reporting that Aristotle's tomb was found. India to install panic buttons on public buses to curb sex attacks Switzerland Muslim students must shake teacher's hand France's 19 nuclear plants have voted to go on strike tonight at 8pm for 24 hours. Drones over North Korea USB cards, flash drives dropped Retired U.S. commander North Korea collapse not far off Foxconn replaces '60,000 factory workers with robots' Indonesia introduces death, chemical castration for Pedophiles ExxonMobil CEO ending oil production 'not acceptable to humanity' The world is going to have to continue using fossil fuels, whether they like it or not. Panama Papers confirm Canadian billionaire and university benefactor as mystery man in global bribery case China to send nucleararmed submarines into Pacific amid tensions with US EU turned blind eye to Turkeys human rights violations Amnesty secretarygeneral Europe particularly has double standards. Now that they want something from Turkey, they have turned a blind eye to human rights problems inside Turkey, Amnesty International asks for decriminalisation of sex work Singapore Teenage blogger Amos Yee faces 8 new charges for allegedly wounding the religious feelings of Muslims, and one for allegedly wounding the religious feelings of Christians Has a Hungarian physics lab found a fifth force of nature?  A laboratory experiment in Hungary has spotted an anomaly in radioactive decay that could be the signature of a previously unknown fifth fundamental force of nature, physicists say  if the finding holds up. Canada's oil sands are a major source of air pollution, study says China says its people will never stand for Taiwan independence Horrific end for majestic white lions Poachers poison the animals then decapitate them and chop off their paws for use in black magic rituals in South Africa Pakistani religious body CII proposes bill that allows husbands be allowed to lightly beat defying wives HIV/AIDS Togo to distribute over 10m condoms to fight disease Sweden, With Eye On Russia, Agrees To Give NATO Greater Access German prosecutors investigate neoNazi edition of 'Mein Kampf' A German paper has published an email from a farright group claiming it will publish a version of Hitler's book free of tedious scholarly commentary. This could possibly violate laws against spreading Nazi ideology. State of emergency in Peru over mercury poisoning from illegal gold mining Legal highs ban comes into force across the UK Harrowing scenes of Venezuela on the brink of collapse Thailand has shut down 10 popular diving sites in a bid to slow a coral bleaching crisis, an official said Thursday, in a rare move to shun tourism profits to protect the environment South Korea fires warning shots after boats from North cross sea border Refugees at Nauru who are gay or attempt suicide can no longer be jailed and men are now outlawed from raping their wives after the island republic updated its antiquated criminal code. All references to Australia have been removed from a United Nation report on climate change after the Australian Governments Environment Department expressed concerns it could cause confusion and negatively affect tourism. The 51C heatwave that's melting India. The impact of the heat has been devastating, and increasingly fatal, particularly for the hundreds of people dying of starvation due to withering crops in their remote fields. The Right to Disconnect Weekend Work Emails Are Now Illegal In France Sharia courts in UK face Government inquiry over treatment of women Home Office to examine claims sharia courts  or councils  may be working in a discriminatory and unacceptable way Australia scrubbed from UN climate change report after govt intervention  All mentions of Australia were removed from the final version of a Unesco report on climate change and world heritage sites after the Australian govt objected on the grounds it could impact on tourism War on Fat Chile Bans McDonald's 'Happy Meals' and Kinder Eggs New boa constrictor species discovered on remote Caribbean island  Silver snake, with distinctive metallic appearance, discovered in Bahamas & confirmed as previously unknown species 71 years after the first atomic strike, Obama calls for the end of nuclear weapons at Hiroshima A French company that was awarded the right to build Australia's $50 billion submarine fleet is tied up in a deadly multimillion dollar bribery scandal. Caught on camera US Special Forces on ISIS frontline in Syria Police hunt Brits who Hitlersaluted in concentration camp Authorities in Germany are searching for two British men who took a picture of themselves performing a Nazi salute in a torture chamber in Buchenwald concentration camp. The U.S. aviation lawyer who won compensation for victims of the 1988 Lockerbie aircraft bombing is now seeking $330 million from Russia for the downing of Malaysian Airlines MH17 in 2014 Indian women sold for 4,000 in Saudia Arabia and Bahrain, minister claims Around 2.8 million people in three Central American countries need food aid after two consecutive years of severe drought decimated crops and exacerbated hunger among the poor. Ukraine bans Gorbachev over support for Crimea annexation Mars emerging from ice age that ended around 370,000 years ago, scientists say | Science | News Photos have emerged of American special operations troops in Syria wearing uniform insignia affiliated with a Kurdish rebel group known as the YPG, whose connection to Turkish terrorists could could fuel tension between the U.S. and a key ally in the Islamic State fight. Stonehenge, Easter Island, Venice Climate Change Will Destroy Human History | An international team of scientists, anthropologists, and economists have identified 31 cultural and natural UNESCO World Heritage sites across 29 countries that are directly threatened by climate change. Chinese News Media Censors Taiwans Flag An ancient Polish forest is coming down  Poland says a portion of the Bialowieza forest must be logged to curb a bark beetle outbreak but environmentalists disagree. Last Soviet leader Gorbachev banned from Ukraine Riot police crack down on Paris protests against labour reforms Thousands of protesters turn out on streets of French capital as refineries and nuclear power stations across the country come to a halt All European scientific articles to be freely accessible by 2020. Zika crisis Rio Olympics 'should be moved or postponed' Child rapist ISIS fighter who laughed about buying sex slaves is captured by Kurdish Peshmerga Gay sex causes earthquakes and 'disgusts' Allah, says Muslim cleric in Ghana North Korea Linked To $81 Million Bangladesh Bank Heist Sex Pistol John Lydon Blowing whistle on Jimmy Savile got me banned from BBC SpaceX successfully lands Falcon 9 rocket at sea for the 3rd time El Salvador  where women are jailed for 40 years for the 'crime' of having a miscarriage  Woman just released after spending only 5 years in jail for miscarrying. China is encouraging its citizens to eat less meat  and that could be a big win for the climate Okinawa base imposes curfew on US troops after woman's death A 9yearold USUK citizen has launched a legal action against the British government for refusing to request her fathers return after he was kidnapped by Ethiopian security forces and renditioned to Ethiopia to face a death sentence for being an opponent of that countrys government China to replace school children's 2,625 foot ladder with stairs North Korea threatens retaliation after South Korean warning shots China says Nanjing more worthy of remembrance than Hiroshima Brazil 'mass rape' video President calls crisis talks Indian Muslims Resilient Against Overtures By Terrorist Groups, Says US.There's a lot of reporting about some major investments being made by the Saudis, by the Wahhabi Clerical Movement to set up a large network of schools and madrasas throughout India, Argentinas last military dictator, 88yearold former general Reynaldo Bignone, was today sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in Operation Condor, under which an international death squad was set up by six South American military dictatorships during the 1970s and 80s. Austerity policies do more harm than good, IMF study concludes U.S. panel launches trade secret theft probe into China steel The steelmaker alleged hackers stole research on techniques for a new generation of hightech steel now favored by automakers, accelerating competitor Baosteel's ability to replicate the product which took a decade to develop. The World Health Organization (WHO) has rejected a call to move or postpone this summer's Rio Olympic Games over the Zika outbreak. U.S. Blocks Sale of Cluster Bombs to Saudi Arabia Pakistan has banned advertisements for contraceptive products on Tv and radio over concern that they expose inquisitive children to the subject of sex, local media reported on Saturday 300 South African firefighters deployed to fight wildfires in Alberta, Canada. China says extremely dissatisfied with G7 statement on South China Sea Netherlands gives green light for growing human embryos France will go all the way to ensure that multinationals operating on its soil pay their taxes and more cases could follow after Google and McDonald's were targeted by tax raids, Finance Minister Michel Sapin said Superrich Swiss village opts for 200,000 fine instead of accepting 10 refugees Iranian students get 99 lashes for attending mixed graduation party Around 35 men and women were sentenced to 99 lashes each after being found 'dancing and jubilatingy the country's notorious Morality Police Britain is the most corrupt country in the world, claims mafia expert Roberto Saviano 'Its not the bureaucracy, its not the police, its not the politics but what is corrupt is the financial capital' Canadian Conservatives vote to end official opposition to gay marriage Pakistan withdraws ban on condom ads after public backlash Chinese backlash over Windows 10 upgrade push  unauthorized upgrades The UK is selling record quantities of arms  including missiles, bombs and grenades  to countries listed by the Foreign Office as having dubious human rights records. Several have been accused of war crimes or suppressing popular protest. WHO rejects call by scientists to postpone Rio Olympics due to Zika virus outbreak. Tony Blair has suggested that he will refuse to accept the verdict of the Chilcot inquiry if it accuses him of committing Britain to invading Iraq before he told parliament and the public. Venezuela Drifts Into New Territory Hunger, Blackouts and Government Shutdown Israel Police recommend indicting Sara Netanyahu over irregularities at PM's residence All scientific papers to be free by 2020 under EU proposals. Results of research supported by public and publicprivate funds set to be made freely available to all Comet 67P dust discovered to contain building blocks of life Some 20 people living in the Jungle refugee camp in the northern French port of Calais were injured in a brawl between around 200 Afghans and Sudanese on Thursday Children fight to live after lightning hits 11 in Paris park Jordan's King Abdullah II has issued a royal decree formally dissolving the Jordanian House of Representatives Lufthansa suspends flights to Venezuela amid the country's ongoing economic crisis Philippines 22 dead in 3 days of clashes with military UN 700 Migrants May Have Drowned In Mediterranean H&M is being criticised for widespread labour rights violations and the painfully slow progress of safety renovations at factories report, based on 251 interviews with workers from 17 H&M supplier factories in Cambodia and India, found women were being routinely fired during their pregnancy. Iran Hajj Pilgrimage to Be Called Off for Iranians This Year British researchers have found a way to use a natural protein to repair damaged heart tissue. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi asks doctors to treat pregnant women for free Mossack Fonseca to close offices in Jersey, Gibraltar and Isle of Man The law firm at the heart of the Panama Papers is closing its offices in the Britishdependent territories with great regret 'Huge wake up call' Third of central, northern Great Barrier Reef corals dead, scientists say IKEA vows to be net exporter of renewable energy by 2020  Worlds biggest furniture retailer says its going all in to have a net positive impact on the climate through renewable energy investment Harvard Scientist Engineers Superbug That Inhales CO2, Produces Energy Disabled people who cannot work must be given minimum wage  Prime Minister of Malta Turkey's Erdogan No Muslim family should engage in birth control Japan 'alert' for possible North Korea missile launch Four young Egyptians in custody for video making fun of the government Israeli police recommended bringing criminal charges against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's wife on suspicion of misuse of state funds and inflated household spending, Israeli media have said. Revealed cancer scientists' pensions invested in tobacco Philippine troops kill 54 Islamist militants in the south Australia covered up UN climate change fears for Tasmania forests and Kakadu Zika virus expectant mothers advised to avoid Rio Olympics Canadian special forces on the front lines with Kurdish forces aiming to retake Iraqi city from ISIL, U.S. says Lufthansa halts service to Venezuela British people are not demanding more transparency from the intelligence services as loudly as Americans, the former director of the US National Security Agency (NSA) and CIA has said. Mexico footballer Alan Pulido rescued after kidnapping FIFA president found $2 million pay 'insulting' report shows Malaysia's government throws support behind Islamic penal code that includes amputations and stonings ISIS Gunmen kill 12 Real Madrid fans as they watched the Champions League Final in Iraq Former Chad dictator Hissane Habre found guilty for crimes against humanity Iraqi terrorists attack another soccer fan club  12 dead, 8 injured A 27yearold American man has been given preliminary charges of attempted murder in an exceptionally violent attack on police in their patrol car that drew national attention, the Paris prosecutors office said Sunday. Turkey's Erdogan 'alarmedy French crackdown on protests Turkish artillery and US jets heavily hit ISIL in Syria Armed squad kills 11 people in Venezuela Every reference to the Great Barrier Reef removed from UN report on impact of climate change after intervention from Australian government. Denmark to stop paying salary to royal family grandchildren 'Simple mathematics dictate that there needs to be some sort of limit. Otherwise within a few generations there will be several hundred princes and princesses who need an annual salary,' says a ruling party spokesman Mass sexual assault reported at music festival in Germany The attacks are similar to those reported in Cologne and other cities on New Year's Eve. North Korea tries and fails to launch missile In the last 17 months, 2234 Indians get HIV via blood transfusions Chinese Official China has no interest in any form of cold war, nor are we interested in playing a role in a Hollywood movie written and directed by certain US military officials Egypt in shock at first female circumcision death reported in 3 years France bans work emails outside office hours Australia to lift minimum wage by 2.4%, an increase to $17.70 per hour EU court adviser Employers can ban Muslim headscarf Several NSW Police officers have been savaged in court for allegedly grabbing the breasts and neck of an antiReclaim Australia protester, then covering their actions up by deleting evidence, making up a false charge against her, lying under oath and attacking her in court. Angela Merkel's 'hasty' approach to TTIP trade deal condemned by the German ViceChancellor 'If the Americans hold fast to this position, we don't need the free trade treaty. And TTIP will fail,' says ViceChancellor Sigmar Gabriel Syphilis, gonorrhea cases up among all ages in Canada  Health Egyptian President pledges justice for Christian mother beaten and stripped by mob S. Korea detects signs North preparing missile launch Nearly 46 Million People Trapped in Modern Slavery, Report Finds A court in Saudi Arabia sentenced a member of an independent human rights organization to eight years in prison in the latest guilty verdict to be issued against the group's members, rights group Amnesty International said Malaysia just established a one million hectare marine park off the northern tip of Borneo it's a region containing the second largest concentration of coral reefs in Malaysia as well as other important habitats like mangroves, sea grass beds and productive fishing grounds SausageWielding Extremists Attack Vegan Cafe In Tbilisi Solid gold, diamondencrusted, $5,000,000 Maltese Eagle stolen in Vancouver Sweden struggles with first gender balance shift in 267 years Migrant crisis is fueling sex trafficking of Nigerian girls to Europe ISIS slaughters 12 more Real Madrid fans in Iraq during Champions League final G7 nations pledge to end fossil fuel subsidies by 2025 Leaders of the UK, US, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and the EU urge all countries to join them in eliminating support for coal, oil and gas in a decade Hundreds of undamaged Fort McMurray homes declared unsafe due to toxic ash Forty tiger cub bodies have been found in a freezer at a Thai Buddhist temple accused of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse. Forced contact with Amazon people would be 'genocide', tribe warns Survival International says other tribes, who have themselves experienced the dangers of 'first contact', are protecting uncontacted groups against the plans of 'some anthropologists in another country' Sweden Fewer than 500 of 163,000 asylum seekers found jobs Philippine presidentelect says 'corrupt' journalists will be killed Just because youre a journalist you are not exempted from assassination, if youre a son of a bitch. Cars registered before 1997 will be banned in Paris as of July 1st. North Korea praises Trump and urges US voters to reject 'dull Hillary' Walmart, Gap, H&M Called Out for Global Worker Exploitation and Abuse Reports find tens of thousands of laborers in Bangladesh are still making garments in buildings without proper fire exits, while pregnant workers in Indonesia and India face discrimination and wage theft. The families of those killed during the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown have accused Beijing of subjecting them to nearly three decades of white terror in a bid to stop them speaking out about the massacre. Antivaccination protesters shut down Australian immunisation seminar, call doctors liars World's longest and deepest rail tunnel to open in Switzerland, after almost two decades of construction work. It runs 35 miles (57 kilometers) and connects northern and southern Europe by passing under the Swiss Alps. Switzerland says it will revolutionize European freight transport. Dozens in Russia Imprisoned for Social Media Likes, Reposts Erdogan threatens Merkel and German parliament to not recognize the Armenian Genocide by Turkey Almost all of Israels 32 women in parliament have been sexually harassed or assaulted Black Box From Crashed EgyptAir Jet Found Saudi Arabia on course to execute more than 100 people. Angela Merkel strikes deal with German states to put brakes on green energy. Pact addresses concerns that burgeoning output from renewables is putting strain on electricity grid and pushing up prices Residents challenge council on sale of 40 billion litres of aquifer water.The battle over just who owns our water is being fought across the country. Water ownership is also an in issue in Hawke's Bay. Regional councillor Peter Beaven says everyone should own the precious resource. Twitter suspends @DarthPutinKGB account mocking Vladimir Putin A number of accounts spoofing Russia and its leaders have been banned from the social media site. More than 45 million people are living in modern slavery, with Asia accounting for two thirds of the victims, a new report says. About 3,000 children from Vietnam alone are thought to be working in British cannabis farms and nail bars. Developing world invests more in renewable energy than rich countries for first time, new study says The new president of the Philippines says many slain journalists deserved it Israel on Wednesday freed a Jewish extremist detained 10 months ago following an arson attack in which a Palestinian toddler was burned to death. David Cameron's former advisor admits downloading images of girls as young as 10  but denies they're indecent BBC News Renewable energy surges to record levels around the world Former Miss Turkey given prison sentence for insulting president Erdogan on Instagram Germany recognizes the Armenian Genocide Media Is Ignoring The Most Important Part Of Stephen Hawkings Comments On Trump Hawking said he didnt believe Trump was the greatest threat facing America, or even the world. The greatest threat is humancaused climate change. Germanys second largest supermarket chain, Rewe, will stop using plastic bags. This will save Germany from 140 million plastic bags landing in the garbage every year. Elon Musk says he plans to send rocket to Mars by 2018, manned mission to planet by 2024 . Isis terror plot in Germany Four Syrian men arrested for allegedly planning suicide bombings in Dsseldorf Ignoring Turkey, U.S. backs Kurds in drive against ISIS in Syria Jeremy Corbyn promises to try and kill TTIP Foreignconnected PACs spent $10 million on the US election so far It isnt only American companies and unions that spend money on the US election, subsidiaries of European firms also make themselves heard. The biggest spenders so far are a Swiss bank and a British defense company Brazil's government has sprung a leak, and a flood of secrets is gushing out British Special forces play Bollywood music to annoy ISIS The colorless coral corpses of north Queensland will soon be blanketed with mats of algae, and the hard skeletons will begin to crumble. It may take decades for the submerged wonders of what had recently been unspoiled reefs to resprout and recover from the wipeout, if they ever do. 20yearold sentenced to 5 years in prison for plotting a terror attack on Swedish soil. 'Universal cancer vaccine breakthrough claimed by scientists Big Pharma and governments are 'turning a blind eye to corruption', report claims Transparency International says corruption is making a few rich and wrecking the health of some of the world's poorest people Scottish parliament votes narrowly in favour of ban on fracking Turkey recalls Germany ambassador after genocide vote India rises past the US to become the internet's second biggest user Police Crack Down on Poor Venezuelans Protesting Food Shortages Military kills five Boko Haram terrorists, rescues 248 hostages Chinas foreign minister berates Canadian journalist, calls question on human rights irresponsible Italian man suffers brain damage and now speaks and reads French Environmentalists plan fierce battle against BayerMonsanto merger Critics fear the takeover of Monsanto by Bayer would create a GMO juggernaut too powerful for Europe to resist, while conveniently disappearing a tarnished brand. Concerns abound over concentration in the seed market. Study says longterm pot use causes poor gum health  but not much else Saudi scholar issues fatwa against stealing your neighbours WiFi Twitter Unblocks Putin Parody Account After Free Speech Outcry @DarthPutinKGB celebrated his return to Twitter A sevenyearold boy who went missing in bearinhabited forests in northern Japan after his parents said they abandoned him as punishment, has been found alive, according to local reports. Families of victims murdered by Colombian paramilitaries are one step closer to achieving justice for their loved ones as a United States judge gave the green light for a federal lawsuit against former executives of the U.S. fruit company Chiquita. Young fish become hooked on eating plastic in the seas in the same way that teenagers prefer unhealthy fast food, Swedish researchers have said Cyclist died after three ambulances could not find Olympic velodrome London Ambulance Service took 27 minutes to reach venue because satnavs had not been updated since 2012 Games President Obama defended his declining military budgets and reluctance to use military force in Syria Thursday, saying the U.S. made mistakes when it overreached in Vietnam and Iraq. Thailand Creating Forests By Dropping Millions Of Trees Out Of Aircraft Mysterious boom sounds heard throughout northeast of Romania Poland plans paramilitary force of 35,000 to counter Russia Angola president appoints billionaire daughter boss of state oil firm Ankara to Berlin You burned the Jews in ovens, and accuse Turkey of genocide A highprofile, Putinbacked campaign to protect the habitat of Persian leopards has been quietly abandoned, clearing the way for Russia's richest man to expand his ski resort. North Korea ballistic missile explodes on launch fourth straight time Hubble Space Telescope astronomers have discovered that the universe is expanding 59% percent faster than expected. 30 more tiger cub bodies have been found at the Thai Buddhist temple accused of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse. Officials say 499 Islamic extremists pose threat in Germany Taiwan holds first Tiananmen commemoration in parliament the Swiss will on Sunday vote on a radical proposal to provide the entire population with an unconditional, basic income to fight poverty, inequality and provide a dignified existence to all, according to campaigners. Paris shuts Louvre museum to evacuate artworks as flood waters rise Documents reveal how Ayatollah Khomeini was talking in secret with US before and during Iranian revolution. The Philippines Giant Fish Are Disappearing  Overfishing has almost wiped out 59 reef fish species. U.N. adds Saudi coalition to blacklist for killing children in Yemen A giant panda cub has been born at a zoo in Belgium, an event so rare it is being described a true miracle. The healthy male cub was born at a wildlife park outside Brussels to sixyearold Hao Hao and her mate Xing Hui, both on loan from China. Stanford researchers stunned by stem cell experiment that helped stroke patient walk Arrests For Social Media Posts Surge In London Canada wants answers as Russian rocket set to fall into Arctic waters